John Ferriola: Thanks, Jim. I would like to conclude by saying a bit more about trade. As I mentioned earlier, the tariffs are having their intended impact by curbing unfairly traded imports. They are sending the message that the United States government is serious about achieving compliance with the rules of trade, but they are also having an important long-term impact. The tariffs are providing leverage to get other countries to the table to negotiate fairer trade agreements for the U.S. We see both of the recently concluded trade agreements with South Korea and the new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement as clear indications that the Trump administration's approach is working. We believe this new agreement with Mexico and Canada is good for the United States steelmakers and U.S. manufacturing as a whole and has important provisions that can be a model for future trade agreements with other countries. Our government has a unique opportunity at this moment to improve our trading relationships. We hope the administration continues to make the most of it, particularly in its ongoing negotiations with China.  We would now be happy to answer your questions.
John Ferriola: Let me add one more point, Matthew, if I may, and that is this. As we look forward, we think that the changes that we're making will greatly improve the reliability of this unit. So we feel very confident about what we're doing. One of the highlights, the things that we feel positive about is we had concerns early on with when we had many failures that there was something in the technology itself that was not good, that was not going to work well, that was not going to be reliable. And as we've delved into this and we've focused, as we've talked about in the past, people, process and equipment, we've discovered that the technology itself, internal to the furnace, is better than we had anticipated at the beginning. So we feel positive about that.
John Ferriola: Well, as I've mentioned many times in the past, we consider 232 a tailwind to our performance this year. What we really believe has been driving our performance this year, it was more tax reform, regulatory reform. The trade cases that we have successfully prosecuted over the last 2 to 3 years was, of course, will not be affected by any changes in 232 and the investments that we've made in our company, growing the horsepower of our company. So as we see changes coming down the pike, we don't believe that they will have a major impact on our business now, more specifically to what we think might be happening, particularly within NAFTA. You've heard me say many times that we were ahead of NAFTA. And to have this will be good for the U.S. economy, it's been good for the U.S. steel industry. We did believe that there was some improvements needed to be made to our 20-something, 23-year-old agreement, and those adjustments were made. At the end of the day, we think that there could very well be some changes to tariffs versus quotas, not only within NAFTA, but to other countries. But what we believe is that the tariffs are achieving their primary objective, which has been to bring other countries, including NAFTA countries with external to NAFTA also, bringing countries to the negotiating table to re-examine the way that we do trade and result in a more balanced trade policies and a more level playing field on which we compete. From day one, we have said the objective that we are hoping to achieve with 232 was to result long term in a more level playing field on which we can compete because we believe Nucor will do very well when we compete on a level playing field. And we think we see that happening. Now how it exactly shifts around going forward to get to that endpoint with tariffs or with quotas, I'm not in a position to say. But what I can tell you is that we continue to work with the administration to make sure that at the end of the day, we end up with an administration that supports free but fair trade as we go forward. We think, long term, if we establish trade relationships that are built upon a level playing field, you have a much longer-term positive effect than any short-term quotas or tariffs.
John Ferriola: Well, what we saw in the end of the third quarter was pretty historical to what we see year-after-year. We always see some time around that period of dip, an order entry bias take a little bit of a timeout to kind of see what's going on. So we assess their inventory levels at the end of the year. And as we have seen in past years, it tends to be short term with order entry picking back up very quickly, and that's what we've seen this year also. So we also saw a dip in our order entry rate. We also have seen now a pickup, a resurgence in order entry rate on our flat products, both in sheet hot and cold band galvanized. Frankly, in our plate business, we were pretty solid all quarter. We did not see a historical dip that tends to occur. So I guess, at the end of the day, what I would say is that we still see strong demand. There is strength in the marketplace. We see pricing. It has come down a little bit. Our price increase that we've put in, I guess, it was about a week ago, was followed and seems to be sticking. So we feel good about that. So we -- and as I mentioned in the script, when we go out and look at our end markets, so the 24 end markets that we serve, 23 of them are either stable or on the uptick. And many of those that are on the uptick are just at the very beginning of the up cycle, which gives us confidence going into 2019 that we'll see the continued strength in both sheet and plate products.
John Ferriola: I would say more of the first two than the third. Demand has been strong. Those markets that we sell into have been very strong. And energy, well, I can't say enough about energy. I was talking about earlier with the first question, the things that are driving our business, I negated to mention energy being so strong. That's what drives our business in sheet products, obviously, in oil country tubular goods. But it also has a major impact on our plate business. So with energy being so strong, we see demand in plate being very, very strong, and frankly, imports are down. So the imports are down significantly in plate. That's probably supporting the strength in our business. You've mentioned -- you touched a little bit upon our competitors. Some of our competitors have had outages during the third quarter, and that, of course, also helps the supply-demand equation. So yes, it's been strong. We see continued strength there. We see energy being strong going into 2019. And therefore, we see our plate business as well as the component of sheet that goes into energy being strong into 2019.
John Ferriola: I'd like to address your last comment or question about organic growth and what else we might be doing with our cash, in addition to returning some of it to shareholders, as Jim has mentioned. And as you know, it would not be appropriate, and I will not make any specific comment to any specific acquisition opportunities. But I'd like to make just some general comments. And we said this consistently before that we are always on the lookout for opportunities to strategically grow our business. We look for opportunities that fit well with our five drivers of profitable growth. And we look to be opportunistic when it comes to valuing and acquiring those assets. And when we look at investing in long-term, profitable growth, you've got to consider different times of the business cycle, which present different opportunities. And we weigh those opportunities to invest capital in our existing facilities, as what we've announced at Gallatin, against opportunities to add new greenfield operations, such as our micro mills that we've announced, and against opportunities to acquire existing businesses from others. And this should come as no surprise, but in strong markets, sellers are proud of their assets and they value them accordingly. That's why when you look at our history, we historically grow organically during the stronger markets. Now that said, we are always on the lookout for opportunistic buys, and we will continue to do that. In the end, Timna, the way I would like to say it is this, we deploy capital at whatever point we are in the business cycle in a way that creates the greatest long-term value to our shareholders. And that was a very vague and kind of long answer to the question, but we've been getting that question a lot lately, so I wanted to take the time to kind of talk about that in relation to your question about what do we do with our cash.
John Ferriola: No. At the end of -- yes, 2020. At the end of 2019, we will come back online with what we believe will be a very reliable DRI operations in Louisiana.
John Ferriola: Alex, let me clarify a point you might have misheard or I misspoke. When I was referring to that, what we're modeling after our Trinidad operation is simply the material handling end, okay? We had originally had domes to store and had a conveyor system to move our material handling in Louisiana. When the domes collapsed, we went to a more manual system, and that's what we have been using for the last couple of years while we've been in the process of deciding, which is the best method to use to handle material. That is not a Midrex design. It's not an HYL design. That's a Nucor design that we've used in Trinidad for, I don't know, 10, 15 years or something like that. So at the end of all of the studying, we've decided that the way that we've handled the material in Trinidad has been very effective, and we've decided to model Louisiana's material handling after Trinidad's material handling, nothing to do with Midrex or HYL technology.
John Ferriola: Well, it's interesting that you say you get that question a lot from investors. So do we. We keep hearing that in terms of what other people are doing and also, frankly, in terms of what we are doing. So let me start by talking a little bit about what some of the things that we are doing. I'd be very specific in saying, look, we're not adding capacity. We said this in the script. We don't add capacity simply to add capacity. And we're investing in our company to better serve our customers, to strengthen our competitive position and frankly, to reinvest and position our divisions for the next decade. So all of our expansion plans are being made with very, very specific, strategic objectives. So let me start with that point. Now I'm going to spend a little bit of time on this because we do get it so often. We hear from many of our investors. So let me just talk a little bit about some of the things that we're doing, why we're doing them and what we're looking to accomplish. I hear a lot about our long products plans in rebar and merchant, and this, are we concerned about that we're adding 700,000 tons of rebar to the market and 400,000 tons of perch into the market. When you look at that, you'd say, "Well, we're adding 1.1 million tons of long products into the market." But the reality is that we're realigning our position in long products and reassigning some divisions into new products, into new areas. So when you look at how we're shifting things around, okay, we are moving 400 tons of the rebar, of our current rebar, into long and SBQ, into new divisions, into new products and new divisions. At the end of the day, when you look at how we've restructured our long products in rebar and merchant bar, what we're actually adding is about 500,000 tons, okay, and actually shifting about 70% of the added milled capacity will be directed into new or higher value-added products, specifically long and SBQ. So when you look at what our long products' strategy is, we're not just simply adding into the -- additional tons into the market. We're realigning our production to better meet our customer demand in the markets. And I can't give you a better example of that than Sedalia. So let me just talk about Sedalia for a minute, okay? Sedalia is located in the middle of 900,000 rebar market, 900,000 tons. Of that 900,000 tons, 700,000 of that 900,000 tons in that market, Sedalia will have between a 350-mile and 400-mile freight advantage in shipping to their customers. That is not insignificant when you look at costs. And when you add to that fact that we are surrounding Sedalia with David J. Joseph's scrap operations that are literally within 50 miles...
John Ferriola: 11 to be exact, okay, within 70 or 80 miles, look at the advantage that we could have from a cost perspective. And I bring this up because when we talk about overcapacity, the way to survive in an overcapacity market, if there is one, is to be the low-cost producer. So the investments that we're making on the long products side will lower our costs, bring us closer to the customers, okay, and that's a very strategic objective that we have on long products. So again, I'm going to be just very brief. I'll be quick, okay? All right. I've got my CFO, who's shaking his head at the length of my answer. But this overcapacity issue comes up over and over again. So I want to make sure that people understand. When we talk about we're adding capacity at Gallatin in hot band, it's a very specific type of hot band that we're adding, okay? It's wire, all right? It's -- we're starting out with a thicker tested slab going into it. And why is that important? Well, that gives us different physical properties.  And very specifically, it allows us to move into the, what we call, the X grades, okay, which gets us into the pipe market. So the investment that we're making in Gallatin gets us into a new market, okay? The galvanizing line that we're putting in at Gallatin, it's going to be the widest hot-band galvanizing line in North America. That opens up a world of new markets for us. So I'm not going to go through every one of them or I think my CFO will hit me over the head, okay? But if you look at every specific organic growth investment that we are making in this company, it is being done with a very specific, strategic objective, either lowering the cost, moving us up the value chain or getting us into new markets. And that's a very important difference to the investments that we're making and some of the other ones that I hear around the country. Now I would just back all of that up with, when you look at -- and we've had -- I mean, we do market studies all the time. And when we look particularly at sheet, we think that there is a consistent growth of about 2% in hot band, cold rolled and galvanized over the next 4 to 5 years. So when you look at the overcapacity or the new capacity that you referred to as overcapacity, there's room for it to grow. You add into that the work that's being done and we will continue to do in lowering the imports. Right now, if you look at last year, imports accounted for 27% of the market. We've got that down now to 24%. Historically, import should be somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% to 20%. And I also don't know if I have the numbers exactly right, but when you lower that import from 27%, 28% down to somewhere in the neighborhood of 15%, you're basically eliminating 12 million to 13 million tons. That gives you that amount of room to grow with a product that's produced domestically. So between the normal year-over-year growth, the reduction in imports, there's room to grow our domestic supply. In addition to that, when you look at our projects, they're very targeted to very specific, strategic objectives. Long answer, I apologize, but I wanted to address this overcapacity issue because I think it's being pulled along.
John Ferriola: And Jim makes a very good point. In addition to that, as we have more reliability in our DRI, it allows us to more strategically approach how we buy obsolete and prime scrap both, okay? So the value -- everyone tends to look at, well, what's the return on the DRI plant itself. And that's -- there's going to be a good return. But more -- I believe, more importantly, it's the value that it's bringing to the rest of the, I don't know, 18 million tons of scrap that we buy, somewhere in the neighborhood with this year, 18 million tons.
John Ferriola: More. And when you look at the pig iron, okay, that we buy, that's another 3 million, 4 million tons, it allows us to strategically place our buys with a greater deal of reliability. And that's where you get the real value out of a more reliable DRI plant in Louisiana.
John Ferriola: On Phase 2? Well, we've continued to look at that. We have the infrastructure in Louisiana. At this time, we have no plans to put a second unit in. But as you heard me say in the past, I personally believe that there is going to be more of a need for alternative iron units as we continue to move up the value chain and also as the existing prime scrap continues to degrade, as it continuously recycle through the process. As I've mentioned many times before, you cannot get copper out. And the amount of copper that has grown in prime scrap is, it's up like 300% since we've began tracking it in 1990 -- somewhere in the 1990s. So between the fact that it's degrading, between -- you add the fact that manufacturing is leaving the United States, this is where we get most of our prime scrap and that with the computerization of nesting, you get less scrap even in the manufactured products within the United States. For all of those reasons, I think prime scrap is going to continue to be challenged, and pricing will continue to increase and the value of DRI will increase also.
John Ferriola: I think the majority of this have been felt already, particularly when we talk about electrodes. In fact, I think as -- maybe not so much in 2019 but beyond 2019, as the needle coke situation has been resolved, production starts to come back up, I think you'll see a gradual weakening in the pricing of electrodes, refractories. We've seen some increase in pricing, but that's been relatively stable over the last 4, 5 months.
John Ferriola: Marine transportation products. For us specifically, barges. We do sell some of our plate and some structural into barge market, and that has been weak. Marine transportation is the one general market that we feel is weak.
John Ferriola: I would say that as we -- as is typical, towards the end of the year, you see moderate increasing in scrap pricing as seasonal issues come up. And depending on the weather, it will determine just how severe it is. So I would say we'd see a general increase in scrap pricing over the next several months through the first part of 2019. And then typically, as we see in this plan, it begins to moderate. I don't see anything radical. Barring any unusual events in the world, I don't see a major change, maybe in the neighborhood of $20, $25 on the upside over the next several months.
John Ferriola: When we look at -- the way I typically answer that is to refer to the months on hand with our service-side customers. And when you look at months on hand in virtually every one of our products, they are low. Not critically low, but they are lower than -- they are low. And then frankly, over the last 4 to 5 months, they have been decreasing, which is not unusual. So we feel pretty good about where the -- where our customers' inventories are at this point. We don't see a year-end oversupply in their inventories that are going to cause any problems on order entry.
John Ferriola: We've got a lot of projects coming on. We're entering into the pace of the project where a lot of costs are incurred with equipment purchasing and so forth.
John Ferriola: Okay. Thank you. And to our customers, I'd like to say that we appreciate the trust that you place in Nucor, and we will continue to earn it with every order. To our shareholders, thank you for your continued confidence and support. And to my 25,000 teammates, I'd like to thank you for another solid quarter. The team in Charlotte appreciates the hard work you do every day to build a safer and more profitable Nucor. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
James Frias: Well, Phil, the return metrics are really about getting the plant to be stable and predictable and operated at 8,000-ton rate. So if we compare operating it at an 8,000-ton rate to where they've been the last 2 or 3 years, the return is tremendous. It's extremely high.
James Frias: So it's actually a bit more than that. It's probably -- total metallics are probably closer to 20 million.
James Frias: Yes. I think it's probably closer to two years. They've routinely -- at least they say it's the figure on pricing market. When that plant runs well, that had real strong contributions per month, which makes me feel like that could be a two year payback versus when they have problems.
James Frias: We're not. We don't have a breakdown CapEx in terms of by project. We've told you what the overall -- each project individually is going to be when we announce them. But I would just say that next year's CapEx is probably going to be more than 40% higher than this year's.
