Jim Frias: Thanks, Leon. Nucor's third quarter earnings of $0.63 per diluted share exceeded our guidance range of $0.50 to $0.55 per diluted share. Results for the month of September exceeded our forecast at almost every business across our diversified portfolio. Third quarter results included $6.6 million of losses on assets related to our Duferdofin-Nucor joint venture in Italy and a $16.4 million restructuring charge related to the further realignment of our metal buildings business that Leon mentioned. We expect this will be the final restructuring charge associated with that initiative. The combined negative impact of these actions on our third quarter earnings was approximately $0.06 per diluted share. These charges were not included in our guidance estimates. Excluding these special charges as well as pre-operating and start-up costs, earnings would have been $0.75 per diluted share. Cash provided by operating activities for the nine months of 2020 was $2.2 billion. This exceeded the sum of our year-to-date capital spending of approximately $1.2 billion and cash returned to our shareholders via dividends and stock repurchases totaling $408 million. Nucor's through-the-cycle earnings and cash flow benefit from our highly variable low-cost structure. Working capital reductions generally provided countercyclical benefit to Nucor in downturns like the current one, enhancing our cash flow and liquidity. Year-to-date, cash flow generated from contraction in inventory, receivables and payables was $643 million. As I previously noted, we made significant progress in reducing inventory volumes during the second quarter. I'm pleased to say that during the third quarter, we were able to respond to increased order flow and production without increasing our inventory levels. Our investment in scrap, WIP and finished goods inventories is basically flat or slightly down from the prior quarter levels on a tons basis. On the financing front, during the quarter, we took advantage of the opportunity to work with Meade County, Kentucky to issue $163 million of tax-exempt industrial revenue bonds to provide partial funding for our new plate mill under construction in Brandenburg, Kentucky. The bonds are designated green bonds as proceeds will be used for pollution prevention and control facilities. The bonds will mature in July 2060. This is Nucor's longest tenor bond ever issued at 40 years and our first green bond issuance. Concurrent with this capital raise, Standard & Poor's and Moody's both reaffirmed Nucor's credit ratings of A- and Baa1, respectively, while also maintaining their stable outlooks. We continue to hold the highest credit ratings of any steel producer headquartered in North America. At the close of the third quarter, our cash and short-term investments totaled approximately $3.3 billion. Nucor's liquidity also includes our undrawn $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which does not mature until April of 2023. Total long-term debt, including the current portion, was approximately $5.5 billion. Our debt-to-total-capital ratio net of cash and short-term investments was approximately 13.5% at the quarter end. Our next significant debt maturity is not until September of 2022, $600 million of unsecured notes, with a coupon rate of 4.125%. The flexibility provided by Nucor's low-cost operating model and financial strength continues to be a critical underpinning to our company's ability to grow long-term earnings power and reward our shareholders with attractive returns on capital. Our team has been working on nine significant organic growth projects, representing a total investment of about $4 billion. We expect to complete commissioning on six of these projects by the end of this year. The remaining projects are the expansion and modernization of our Kentucky sheet mill, the addition of our Generation three flexible galvanizing line at our Arkansas sheet mill and our Kentucky plate mill. At the close of the third quarter of 2020, remaining capital expenditures for these growth initiatives are estimated to be approximately $2.1 billion. We expect about $300 million of that investment to occur in the current quarter, with the balance occurring in 2021 and 2022. We expect that our total capital spending for full year 2020 will be in the area of $1.7 billion. Turning to the outlook. We expect Nucor's fourth quarter earnings to be improved over our third quarter results. Most notably, our sheet and plate mills will benefit from recent price increases. 2020 has been a challenging year in many respects, but it has served to heighten our already strong confidence in Nucor's future. Our teammates continue to capitalize on Nucor's advanced cost position, flexible production capability and financial strength to build long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Thank you for your interest in our company. We are now happy to take your questions.
Jim Frias: Yes. Seth, your question is challenging. And as Leon said, we are excited because we're not -- we have the financial strength to execute our plans in spite of COVID, in spite of all the other things that may come up. And so we're not thinking about how we get through 2022. We're actually thinking right now about what we're going to do in '23 and '24. So we're not ready to talk about those things yet. But rest assured, we're thinking about those things. That's what's top of mind for us. We run our business with a long-term perspective.  So CapEx this year is in low 7-plus range. And next year, we haven't gone to the Board yet for formal approval, but it's going to be in the neighborhood of $2 billion. We'll come out with a formal number in January when we do our earnings call for year-end. And we've been generating a lot of free cash flow. We looked at it, and from 2017 through nine months ended in September of 2020, we generated $4.4 billion of free cash flow. So yes, will there be more investments? You're right, there will be. What are they, we're not ready to talk about, but we're working on them. 
Jim Frias: Andreas, this is Jim. You asked the question about integrated restarts. And they're going to do what they think is best for the business, and we respect that. But we think we've got an advantaged business model. The proof is our financial performance and our financial strength. And so, we're not really concerned about that way, one way or the other. We believe we have great opportunities to grow our business in places where integrators are competing with us today.
Jim Frias: Hey, Timna, this is Jim. Let me take it. If Leon wants to add something, he can. The way our contract customer's pricing works, there's a lag and then we get the benefit of pricing. And so we didn't get very much benefit in Q3 from pricing momentum that began in that quarter. We'll get most of it in the fourth quarter. So – and then again, Al touched on this earlier, Al Behr, about the price moves we've recently made in plate. They've been accepted by the market. So those things together are going to drive better price realization in those two businesses. And it's separate from market demand. Market demand, we expect to be somewhat stable other than some seasonality. But Al touch on something that's important. We finished Q3 with a stronger backlog than we finished Q2 in plate. The same thing is true in sheet, our backlogs were much higher at the end of Q3 than they were at the end of Q2. 
Jim Frias: Great questions. First, on the cash benefits to taxes related to our significant capital spending that we're in the midst of, we still believe it's just over $700 million over 3 years between 2020, 2021 and 2022. This year's number is going to be in the $170-ish million range for that portion because of the timing of when some projects are going to finish. And some of it's going to fall into next year and then year after that. And then what was the last part of your question? I had lost track. I'm sorry, Seth.
Jim Frias: Oh, yes, working capital, you're going to have higher prices in sheet and plate. That's going to use some working capital receivables. And because of the risk of supply, we'll probably bump up our scrap inventories in pig iron, in particular, which has a long lead time to obtain in the fourth quarter. So you could see some growth in working capital on the balance sheet. It won't be material, maybe between 100,000 or 200,000 tons of pig iron. And I'm hoping it's a big number on receivables because it will still be 30 days, but I want to give as much pricing as we can in the fourth quarter.
Jim Frias: Phil, as a reminder, that mill has the capability to make regular cold mill as well as advanced high-strength steels. And so the mix is more towards the more commercial-grade cold rolls today.
Jim Frias: And so MaryEmily maybe could touch on that further because I don't know the details the way you do, I'm sorry.
Jim Frias: Well, there's several projects in there. But the biggest single item is at Nucor Steel, Florida. It's in the $9 million range. And then there was $4 million in Gallatin and $3 million at Brandenburg. And then the others will be spread across other smaller projects. In the fourth quarter, we think it's going to be in the neighborhood of $24 million to $25 million, and Florida will peak at just over $10.5 million. We expect Gallatin to be in the just under $4 million range and Brandenburg to be $4.5 million and again, dollars in smaller levels at other projects. So as we go into next year, it's too early to tell. But Florida should start falling off, but obviously, we could have some ramp-up at Gallatin and Brandenburg. So if I had to make a guess, and it's purely a guess, next year is not going to be materially different. Maybe just a little bit higher depending on how quickly you ramp up start-up costs at both Brandenburg and Gallatin.
Jim Frias: I don't have an exact number at my fingertips, but I would ballpark it that we probably spent $2 billion of the $4 billion through the end of this year, somewhere in that range.
Jim Frias: In 2021, again, we don't have a final budget. The total number is $2 billion. We'll be prepared to give you a better breakdown of that 2021 number between big projects. I know a substantial amount of it is carry-forward. But it's also carry-forward on projects that don't -- aren't within that $4 billion total. We've got a lot of midsize projects going on all the time in a business of our scale. Our base CapEx is in that $400 million to $500 million a year, to be safe, to just support the business.
MaryEmily Slate: Absolutely. Thank you, Andreas. We are excited about this. We are so extremely pleased about how we are able to expand our product offerings with both the cold mill at Hickman, the specialty cold mill, that can produce every grade that we currently produce, plus takes us into those ultra high-strength steel and advanced high-strength steel, not only steels that are made today, but as Leon mentioned, steels that will be designed for the future that will really support the CAFE standards to help lightweight our vehicles. The galvanizing line at Hickman, as it comes up later next year, with the Gen 3 offerings, it will be the only EAF steel that's able to do Gen 3 at this time. And so that really gives us the flexibility in this broadening of our product offerings.
MaryEmily Slate: Leon, can I add one more thing? We just received the GM Supplier of the Year award. And we're the only EAF producer that has received that award, and this is the second year in a row. And if you think about our opportunities here, automotive is the largest sheet user in the United States. They use about 33% of the sheet market. And we have grown our footprint there, but we have a tremendous amount of opportunity to grow. I think we're about 7% now, and we've got a lot of opportunity. And these extensions are going to allow us to do that. 
MaryEmily Slate: Okay. Thank you, Alex. It is 500,000 tons a year. And we've been very pleased. We are running 24/7 at this time. We broke production records in September and look to do that again in October, running very close to nameplate at this point. Through fourth quarter, the backlog is strong, and we've been very successful in getting contracts for next year. So we look to be about 50% to 60% contract for next year. And by the balance -- by the end of the year, the galv line will come up, and that -- part of that production will feed that galv line. 
MaryEmily Slate: Not at this point, no. But the line in Hickman, Arkansas is more focused on internal parts with strength requirements, so that you can take weight out of the steel, but add strength. So there, right now, we don't have any projection to do any exposed material off of that line. 
MaryEmily Slate: Yes. Absolutely. Phil. That's a great question because right now, we've been really pleased with the quality and the performance. But what we are running are the lower and the normal cold-rolled CQ grades. We've also done all of our trials on the advanced high-strength steels, and we've been very successful. So we're completely pleased with what we're seeing off that line. We've even been able to run some Gen 3 trials that the steel will be ready when that galv line comes up and is ready to run. So as we go forward, that mix will change and move into higher end-type cold-rolled products.
Leon Topalian: Just two other quick comments, Andreas. One is around Gallatin. And as we think about the expansion in Gallatin, much of their markets that they're targeting with their hot band today is currently served by the integrated producers. And so, we see a huge opportunity with the expansion in Gallatin to move some of our products into ag and to automotive that we've not been in before and historically, again, have been supplied through the integrators. The other point I’d add is, when you think about the largest investment in Nucor's history is going to be Brandenburg, Kentucky, the plate mill will be able to produce 3/8 of an inch all the way up to 14 inches thick, out to 168 inches wide. That is not an offering today that we can produce, and there's only really one other producer that can go that heavy and wide. So our capability to serve our customers in those end-use markets is something that Nucor is supremely focused on.
Leon Topalian: Yeah. Look, at the end of the day, without a doubt, as I've taken over as CEO, I've spent a lot of time on the road and have laid with COVID. But prior to COVID in a lot of Zoom calls with different investors, the ESG question and responsibility is something that Nucor takes incredibly seriously. We are seeing it in our customer base. And one of the things that you're going to see Nucor unfold in the coming months is a very proactive approach in telling our story. We have an amazing story to tell. As you all know, Nucor is the largest recycler of any product in North America. We recycle over 20 million tons of scrap. And 100% of what Nucor produces is recyclable. And so as you – again, as we move forward, we have an amazing story to tell. We're going to be much more deliberate and proactive in telling that story and sharing it. Again, when you think about the carbon footprint of an EAF producer, with 70% of Nucor's inputted steel being recycled, we have a unique value proposition in that regard. And again, we're going to do some very proactive things to tell that story. 
Leon Topalian: Yes. Phil, I think it's -- the optimism in that end market would be a little off right now. I think it's going to be an incredibly pressured Q4 in that area. I don't see it bouncing back much. I think there will be some positive momentum as we get into 2021. But again, that will remain to be seen. But Nucor stands ready to supply that market. It's not a huge piece of Nucor's business. About 8% to 9% overall in our mix is into that sector. But I think as we see one of the key variables will be whether or not we get a vaccine, what happens and when does that rollout look like, either end of the year and into next year, in terms of travel and transportation, the airline industries and cruise lines, and again, what is the mobility in that sector look like to bring some resurgence into the area, so we watch it like you do. To date, I don't -- I think it will be pretty flat. 
Leon Topalian: Yes, it is. It is. And I think Jim touched on this in the last call. As we entered Q2, we put a pause on a couple of our bigger projects. And when I say pause, it didn't stop the work that was already in place or the engineering. Like in Brandenburg, it was already happening. So in the case of Brandenburg, for example, that few months, it didn't delay the start-up at all. While Gallatin has certainly had some pressure, we still feel very confident that, that team has done a really good job of keeping that schedule. And mid-next year is still the target. 
Leon Topalian: Thank you. Before concluding our call today, I want to express our appreciation to our shareholders. We value your investment in our company, and we take the obligation seriously that comes with it. I would also like to thank our customers. We're excited about the capabilities we're building to better serve you today, and most importantly, for tomorrow. Thank you for the trust and confidence you place in the Nucor team each day to supply your needs. Before I conclude, I want to impress upon everyone listening today just how confident I am that we're going to come out of this challenging year a safer, stronger, more diverse and inclusive and more profitable Nucor. Thank you for the interest in our company.
