Leon Topalian: Thanks, Jim. Before we take your questions, I just want to comment on a phrase I hear regularly, getting back to normal. I've overheard this phrase over the last few months and I recognize that our team and folks in our communities are saying it to simply indicate they wish the pandemic was behind us. I wish that too for sure. But in the sense, I also reject this as an aspiration. We see at Nucor our goal, our aim and our focus, isn't simply to return to pre-COVID operating levels. When I think about getting back to normal in terms of safety, I don't ever want to go back to normal. I want to replicate the performance that I’ve shared earlier on Nucor Connecticut and Nucor Castrip and Nucor Hickman, Arkansas, I want every operating division, the entire team, to go without a single injury for an entire year, because then from there we can replicate that over and over. Our focus to become the world's safest steel company is uncompromising. And also from a financial standpoint, I don't want to return to pre-COVID operating or performance levels. I want us to continue to focus on the things that we've been able to do over the last five months that will be a part of our business as we move forward. We appreciate the valuable shareholder capital that you entrust us with every day, and our goals and our aim and focus is to return in maximizing the profitability back to each of our shareholders and our team. And finally, we want to continue to strengthen the relationships that we've built with our customers a over long periods of time. However, during this pandemic, it has created unique ways for us to connect and develop those further and fuller so that we continue to be the supplier of choice in meeting their needs. We appreciate the trust you put in our company in place with every order that you entrust us with. While it has been a challenging first half of the year, I truly believe Nucor will come out of this crisis a stronger, more profitable and more inclusive company. With that, we'd now be happy to take your questions.
Leon Topalian: Chris, I appreciate that and certainly when I look at that forecast each of the groups, but I would tell you in general, we would anticipate utilization rates to be improving as we go into Q3 and beyond.
Leon Topalian: Yes, I was just talking about the sequential quarters. So we were down in all products, I think in Q2 versus Q1.
Leon Topalian: We're not proud of the fact that we're not the greatest forecasters in the world. We really aren't. And our business units more than doubled their forecasts for June in terms of division contribution, which is an EBIT like number. So, most of that beat happens on the steel side. And so, I would just say that our divisions were probably a bit conservative in their expectations for June and that's why we ended up missing high by such a large margin.
Leon Topalian: We’re a company with 27 million tons a year capacity, and we’re making low numbers, $0.15 a share, $0.30 a share. Those are low numbers relative to our capacity. And so, it's a big miss in terms of it. If you just look at the number, when you think about it on a per ton basis, when you think about it in terms of our capacity to generate earnings it's a small list. So, I agree with you, but just that little caveat.
Leon Topalian: Of course, it will. So, long-term, our strategy is to grow our share in sheet. It's one of the places where we're a little underweight relative to the market. We’re market leader in most of the places we compete. And Gallatin is 1.5 million tons, 1.4 million tons of incremental capacity that moves up that needle a little bit. So certainly our goal is to gain share in sheet.
Leon Topalian: Both the numbers at Gallatin -- the Gallatin number is not changing. And I think we reported in our last call that Jim did it was $1.7 billion Brandenburg plate mill, which is…
Leon Topalian: We said we wanted to reduce inventory significantly and we thought it could be up $2 billion. We’ve got scrap inventory down by about 850,000 ton. And so, I don't know that that itself is a billion dollars, I think it is. But we made a significant progress in scrap. In fact scrapping from I think 3 million tons-ish at the end of Q1 to somewhere around 1.3 million tons at the end of Q2, maybe little more than that, or 2.2 million…
Leon Topalian: Yes, I think that's going to be about right for the year. Our full year forecast is #720 for depreciation and just over 84 amortization.
Leon Topalian: Look at the end of the day, Andreas, our focus is to serve our customers well and make sure we're providing a differentiated value proposition. And so as we think about moving forward, our pricing decisions are going to remain independent of what our competitors are doing. We will evaluate for ourselves where we believe the market's at and if it would be time to raise pricing. So as we move forward, we absolutely want to grow in market share. And as I mentioned, nine of the 13 markets we serve we are market leaders. We are not market leaders today in plate. Brandenburg will help provide that differentiated value proposition where we would be. And also in sheet today, we are somewhere in the 16%, 17% of the overall market range. We have an awful lot of opportunity to grow in that, as Jim commented too earlier. So again, as we move forward, like we do in every product group and have made pricing decisions, we will evaluate that independent of what our competitors are doing.
Leon Topalian: Before concluding our call today, I want to express our appreciation to our shareholders. We value your investment in our company and we take the obligation seriously that comes with it, we will treat your investments with great care. I also want to thank our customers. We're excited about the capabilities we're building to better serve you today and most importantly for tomorrow. Thank you for the trust and confidence that you placed in the Nucor team each and every day to supply your needs. We look forward to building powerful partnerships to generate powerful results. And to our Nucor team, thank you for what you're doing every day and taking care of our customers. And most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. We are committed to strengthening this core value and by doing so help to improve the safety of our Nucor family and our industry. I'm excited for Nucor’s future and for all of us working together to expand beyond and take Nucor to new heights. Thank you to everyone on the call for your interest in Nucor and have a great day.
Jim Frias: Yes, it's too soon for us to predict our 2021 capital spending, but we're going to use the same discipline in making capital investments next year, because we don't expect the pandemic and pardon me for saying this, Leon, from being completely behind us. Back to your comment. We're always going to invest in safety and specifically in reliability no matter what the economic environment. We will look forward with our significant strategic investments, which include Brandenburg and plate mill and the Gallatin sheet mill modernization and expansion. So, we will selectively invest in projects with returns -- the returns are so compelling that they shouldn't be deferred. But I would expect it to not reach $2 billion but we’ll update on that probably in January, because in February we'll go to the Board of Directors for approval for that 2021 budget and then we'll share that when we get to that earnings call in January of '21.
Jim Frias: If I can make one comment. Year-over-year, we're up 8% in rebar and then 3%. So on the construction, on construction product side we were actually up this year.
Jim Frias: When we made the decision to slow spending down, it wasn't in isolation. We wanted to maximize liquidity in the second quarter, because of this unknown of what COVID is going to do to us. And so, our strategy was to cancel non-essential projects, slow the big projects down, not stop and slow them down temporarily but continue forward with the number of projects, including the Frostproof micro mill, which is so far down path, and do those things to maximize liquidity in Q2 and we accomplish that. Separate of the of the debt issuance, we increased our cash by $600 million in the second quarter. And so, our free cash flow is extremely strong and we wanted to demonstrate that we could have strong free cash flow for the year. And so now that we have that confidence and we also have a better understanding of how we're being impacted in the economy by COVID, those things together are the underpinnings for saying let's go forward on those projects. So it was combination of our results in terms of liquidity, as well as our understanding, our better understanding of how much we’re being impacted by COVID.
Jim Frias: We get it in terms of, we get it in two points. First of all, to the extent we're making money, we could offset those profits and not pay taxes. So how much we get this year probably depends on how much we make. We think the benefit this year is going to be in the neighborhood of $200 million and some of that will be NOLs that we’ll have to go through a process to get from the government. But this year’s benefit we think it as being $200 million, and the cumulative benefit over three years is expected to be in the neighborhood of $700 million.
Craig Feldman: You hit a lot of the high points, so just a couple of things. I'd echo your appreciation and gratitude for the teams in both Louisiana and in Trinidad they've done a remarkable job. And right after the second half shutdown of last year, the Louisiana plant is running incredibly well. In fact, this week continuing today, they continue to set continuous operational records of 57 days today. So, they've run incredibly reliable since the improvements were made last fall. We feel really good about that, proud of that team, very appreciative. The other point, and I guess the point about 57 days is, it may not be completely intuitive to everybody but just 24x4 continuous operation. So that 57 days of uninterrupted production is quite a milestone. The other thing I'd point out is relative to the DRI, just how it fits in the overall raw materials sourcing strategy. It really gives us unique flexibility in the industry to really flex and shift between various metallics. Now obviously, big iron, as well as DRI, as well as scrap. So reallly well-positioned and I would say that unique flexibility is really unparalleled in the industry.
Craig Feldman: Relatively stable, I guess is our overall outlook. There’s been some recent activity, particularly export activity in China and Turkey, really driving things a little more active. But it's a fairly well-balanced market from the supply demand standpoint. And certainly wouldn’t see any major moves in the near-term. I'd hate to venture, I guess, much beyond the next 60 days or so. But I think our outlook is relatively stable. It could be some modest moves in the short-term, a little bit of dislocation in certain regions with some of the coastal export activity you could see some pricing pushed a little bit but for the most part we see the outlook stable.
Craig Feldman: Yes, definitely it was better than we had expected, to the question earlier about the forecast. The real headwind has been and continues to be, as you well-know, DRIs, I'd say stubbornly high iron ore prices. So that was a bit of headwind. What really picked up from the team at David Joseph's recycling [operations] really done a nice job and really outperformed in the quarter. So that was a big pick up driving those results. And as you know, we don’t release the individual unit results but that was probably the biggest upside that we got, it was from the DJJ recycling operations in Q2. And certainly going forward, I don't know that we're going to see much change in that iron ore pressure we talked about a number of times on these calls about the margin pressure. I think that we continue to see and depending on where iron ore prices go, we expect to get some relief at the DRI operations, but your guess is as good as mine as far as where iron ore prices go down the road.
