Leon Topalian: Yes, thanks, Bennett. I'll kick this off, and Noah, if you have any comments you'd like to add regarding the CSP and sheet. Look, first, I would tell you we're excited about what we're seeing in the market. I think in a down-market like we're seeing or a little softer market like we're seeing today, I think this is exactly where the long-term impact of CSP can be most meaningful to take out the speculation, the speculative buying in the spot market and create a relevant transparent published price. And so, again, I think it's going to take a little bit of time, to work-through a full cycle in the steel segment or the steel, sheet steel CSP side of things. But again, we like what we're seeing, we're hearing a lot of positive feedback from our customers and we believe it's helping us to solidify relationships with those customers whose demand is driven more by end-use market conditions, and less by speculation. And so, those are the customer relationships we value the most. And again, early days still, but again, we're liking what we're seeing.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Tristan, it's really hard to speculate today on what might come in a change of control in the administration. From a macro standpoint, I would tell you, Nucor has had incredible success with both Democratic as well as Republican candidates in office. As we think about that, again, not trying to completely evade your question, or be so ambiguous, would there be some pressure on IRA and would there be some potential for that? Yes, we've heard the same rumors as well. What is the overall impact to Nucor? Well, it's really hard to predict, what I would tell you is our strategy is to invest in the long-term. We're not overweighted to any single side of the market. So we serve an incredibly diverse range of customers, have an incredible range of capabilities for those customers. So we're not so overweighted to offshore wind or certain elements of that, that if it changed, it would be impacting the Nucor. But on the other side of that, if those change, do you see the benefits and some tailwind from tax relief less regulation for investment moving forward? And so again, it's really a very difficult question to speculate on what might happen tomorrow with a different - a different President. And so, we'll just have to wait and see. But again, I love how we're positioned. I love the breadth and strength of our portfolio and where we're headed that I think is going to continue to serve this marketplace incredibly well.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, you touched on some of that. And what I would tell you is we've always advocated for is not free trade, its fair trade. To make sure that our trading partners are actually following the TRQs that are put in place, things like the USMCA. So we're - we think it's the right first step that the administration put into place a few weeks ago with Mexico, it's not enough. We still have concerns with rebar, with electrical conduit, with some other products that we see are surging that have to get, brought back into control. We've looked at the fabricated steel products sector over the last several years has more than doubled its import levels from about 1 million, 1.2 million tons. We believe that's closer to 2.4 million tons today, that has got to get curved, that has got to get - brought into control. And then again, the other piece of all of that is if we begin to pick apart, the most recent announcements with exclusions, it was all for nod, it won't have any teeth put into it. So again, you're going to see Nucor continue to advocate vocally, and in Washington with - regardless of the administration to create a level playing field that, protects this industry from illegally dumping subsidized steels, from making out into the shores of the United States.
Leon Topalian: Tristan, I'll ask Brad Ford to speak to - our current outlook in the play group and go from there Brad.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Chris. Appreciate the question and I would tell you, I like our position where we sit today. I think we are cost-competitive with anyone in the world. And again, we have always advocated we will compete against anyone in the world as long as it's done fairly. Again, back to the import question. But regarding automation, regarding AI, it's something that I would tell you Nucor has embraced and embracing, and the changes are coming at an incredible rate of speed. And so, we're seeing the potential applications of AI and automation in a whole raft of different areas of our businesses, technologies that we're using to deploy to create safer outcomes from our team members, to create cost advantages, to create efficiencies. And so I'd like Chad Utermark, who is over our innovation group and maybe John Hollatz to just touch on maybe a few of those specifics. Chad and John, if you would give Chris a little more detail and background of what we're doing, how we're embracing that.
Leon Topalian: And then, Phil, the only - in terms of overall in the company, you won't notice it necessarily, but in some of the segment numbers, some of those maintenance costs at our DRI plants as we have outages do swing the - swing the cost impacts, a little bit in that segment.
Leon Topalian: Yes, for steel now, there's - you shouldn't see any pronounced impact heading into the third quarter.
Leon Topalian: Yes. What I would tell you, Alex, is a couple things. If we think about those three pieces of legislation, I would tell you the CHIPS Act is by far the most out-front, we're seeing that steel getting processed and put through and again that moving at a much higher rate. We're - I think follow that by some of the IRA, particularly in your torque tubes and some of the applications within the wind and solar. And then lastly, and again still early innings on the infrastructure bill itself. And so, one of the things to keep in mind is that through-cycle kind of start to finish, by the time the state requests the funds till it's, seeing - hit the order books could be two years. So again, we have a long maturation process that's in there from the federal package pass to the state actually getting the money for the bridge roadwork, or the infrastructure that they want to rebuild in that state. So that we believe will continue to increase in the years to come, as more and more states continue to move further up that process map, of actually getting those funds into the States, but it's still early days.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, really, really good question, Alex. And here's what I would tell you. The short answer is no. We anticipate and the team at Brandenburg continues to do an amazing job of bringing that mill online. So, we expect that even despite market conditions, that mill will be able to achieve its full run-rate capabilities in 2024. Now we'll decide how long we need that and how long they run at those capabilities. But from a technical perspective, yes, they're still working out some bugs, but there's nothing materially that's going to keep us from achieving that full rate capacity situation by year's end. And again, we'll be mindful as we think about how we introduce those types to the market. Obviously, we know our plate market, we know the customers and again, we've been selling in the plate market for over 20 years now. So - and we'll be mindful about how we think about that. At the same time, balancing, that team's got to be able to achieve that so that when it's required, they know they can hit that last gear and produce all the tons that are required for our market.
Leon Topalian: Yeah. Look, Timna that's a fair assumption and assessment. What I would tell you is we think about products, there - the reason we forecasted a decline in Q3 is a few reasons. One, they're still working through some of that higher-priced backlog that's going to - we know is going to flow through in the coming weeks and next couple of months. However, again, one of the bright spots as we think about where inflation is, unemployment is a little bit more elevated, seeing the Fed's appetite or at least intimation for some rate cuts, that certainly could have some considerable impact, particularly to the product segment that, you would see more likely in the back-half of the year, Q4 and into Q1. But again, there's - we know what our backlogs are. Those backlogs are strong, and again from a demand picture in the Vulcraft and joist and deck, we're out for the rest of the year in terms of that backlog strength, but we also know what that pricing is. And again, we're going to see some squeeze on that, as we get into Q3.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Timna, I'll kick it off and certainly open it up to anyone that you know wants to add some thoughts. But look, as we think about the auto sector, over the last couple of years, we're supplying in that 1 million -- 1.5 million to 1.6 million tons annually. So it's a customer base we know. We've got a great relationship with many of the big OEMs. Their appetite for our iconic steels has been incredible. We've achieved the Supplier of the Year Award with General Motors for going on five years and hopefully, that will continue. And so, our expectation is to double that volume in the next several years. And so, as you see West Virginia come online, that is going to be a key focus for us. How we think about how far upstream we go into that, like the exposed automotive is we'll wait and see. Again, we know we can produce those steels, and we're going to be deliberate about how we think about doing that, because again, we want to make the most money that we can possibly make for ourselves, customers, and our shareholders. So, we're going to be really deliberate and mindful, A, not to get too overweighted to auto, but to be very deliberate about, how we continue to move up in that value chain and the higher-value products there. Electrical steels, look I would tell you stay-tuned. It's something that we've looked at. We again know that market, we know who's in it. We know the imports that are coming in, where it's being supplied and the end uses that could be potentially attractive as we move forward. So again, as Nucor continues to evaluate that we make no mistake, we've got some great partners. We've got some great relationships with those that are currently making it, around the world that we'll continue to evaluate that, and see if that fits where we want to go. And again, I would just tell you, stay tuned in the coming months.
Leon Topalian: Martin, I would tell you that does vary. I'm not sure I've got a great average answer for you across the spectrum. What I would tell you is in most of those cases, they're multi, multi-year contracts that we're signing with the utilities. So they're now one to two years or five, eight, ten-year-type contracts. So all of those could be at different positions of where we sit in 2024, obviously, because of the timing and when those plants came online. So again, from the macro, it is a long-term contract is the way you could think about that.
Leon Topalian: Yes, short answer, Martin, yes, I do. I think if you look today, the U.S. is building no nuclear power. Right now in China, they're building 27 facilities. And so I am absolutely - because again, we're talking - we're end-use customers. We're talking to some of the biggest companies in the country and the partnerships that we have with them and they are looking out five, eight, ten years and they know they can't get the power today. And so there are absolutely cases where we know projects are moving forward, because they can't meet the power requirements. So yes, is the short answer to that question of - it's an issue that has got to be dealt with, because it's sitting right at our front door. And again, we have an opportunity to embrace that, and to think about how we, again, as a superpower in the world, how we continue to proliferate manufacturing, support manufacturing and again the overall economy through our energy independence.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. And once again, I'd like to thank our Nucor team for an outstanding first half performance and safety. Thank you for your efforts, your dedication to one another in helping us to achieve our goal, of becoming the world's safest steel company. I'd also like to thank our customers for giving us the opportunity to serve you each and every day. And finally, thank you to our investors for trusting us with your valuable shareholder capital. Thank you for your interest in Nucor, and have a great day.
Steve Laxton: Hi, Martin, this is Steve. Thanks for the question. The conversion costs really are a function of a few different things, a few different moving parts. And in the quarter, what you see is utilization rates were down a bit, that always affects our cost. But probably more pronounced, there is a flow of materials through our production processes that creates a little bit of timing differences. And that causes the conversion cost to look higher on a quarter-over-quarter comparison. I think the most important thing probably, for you to take note of is that input costs right now are moderating, consistent with what you see with CPI or other indicators.
Steve Laxton: Hi, Chris, this is Steve. I'll just add on one other thing to address your question about advantage or not. Nucor has always been about creating production efficiencies, that's how we win. And so, if you think about the scale and reach of what we do, any technology advantage is leveraged across a bigger system for more, more gains. So the - I'll call that a scale efficiency if you want to. But Nucor is unparalleled in our industry and the ability to be best.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Hi, Phil, this is Steve. It's really two projects, Brandenburg, which is slightly - a little bit bigger in the quarter impact in West Virginia. As we - as we're accelerating the spending at West Virginia, you're seeing more - a little bit more impact there.
Steve Laxton: It's a year later. So back half of end of '26, Phil, is when we'll ramp up Brandenburg into '27. I'm sorry, West Virginia, not Brandenburg. Yes, West Virginia.
Steve Laxton: Yes, Phil. The guidance we've given on the year is about $3.5 billion for CapEx spend, we'll keep an eye on that. We'll update as we have in the past years as we get closer to the end of the year if we see any meaningful adjustment to that. And then Leon mentioned it in his prepared remarks at the outset of the call that, for the next couple of years, you'll see an elevated level of capital spending as we move through some of these projects. It's about $6.5 billion of really the larger projects that you - that you'll see us move forward on in the next couple of years.
Steve Laxton: Yes, Timna, I'd just add to what Leon said, the first part of your question about the near term. It's much more about pricing and margin pressure than it is volume pressure. So you were correct - in that assumption.
Steve Laxton: Yes, Martin. I think just to build on what Leon said, a couple of points of emphasis. We're multi-site locations. So, it's not specific to a particular delivery point. It's also the vast majority of our power is purchased under a tariff rate agreement. And so those fluctuations tend to change slowly over time. But Leon highlighted really the more fundamental long-term importance of the company, or as a country. And we've, of course, you're familiar that we've put in place some purchase power agreements and we've taken some proactive steps to partner with ironically. I shouldn't say ironically with folks out of our sector, some technology companies on procurement, and worked with utilities closely on the development of their plans. So I'd say that we're very front-footed on this issue. Energy is about - it's a little less than $40 a ton cost last quarter. Roughly, give or take about 80% of that is electricity-based. So it is a meaningful part of our overall cost.
