John Ferriola: Yes, I'd be happy to. The improvement in the raw materials segment was twofold. D. J. Joseph team did a good job during the first quarter. They contributed to the good results in the first quarter, so we thank them for all that hard work. And in Louisiana, they had a very good quarter in terms of production and shipments and profit. It's the second-best quarter ever. So, good work and congratulations and thanks to the team there. In terms of what are we doing, it's really a focus -- and I mentioned it briefly in terms of people, process and equipment and it's a focus on making sure -- to focus on making sure that we take care of the details that we know how to take care of on a steel plant and on an iron plant. And that's focusing on things like preventive maintenance, taking care of the equipment the way we should be taking care of the equipment and training. Training the teammates to make sure that they're ready for the -- all of the situations that can occur in the DRI facility and that's paid big dividends. We are still doing a detailed examination, investigation into the equipment and we're not ready to talk about what modifications we'll have to make to the equipment in that facility right now. We should be ready maybe by the next fall, sometime around the middle of the year, towards the end of the year. We'll have completed the engineering study and we can talk to you more about the equipment changes or modifications that we need to make. But we're pleased with what the team is doing. I will point out that I mentioned the focus on preventive maintenance. And in the second quarter, around July -- June 18, I think is the exact date, we will be taking the facility down for 30 days. This is a practice that we've done forever in Trinidad and it's taken down to perform the annual preventive maintenance so that we can ensure greater reliability for the rest of the year when we're running. So, that will be taking place in the second quarter. And it's part of our renewed focus on people, process and maintaining the equipment in the way that it should be maintained. 
John Ferriola: Well, let me start. There are several questions in there, but let me start by talking in general about the strategy that surrounded the decision to build two micro mills. I mentioned this in the last call, but it's all began with a detailed market study and a market analysis that we did both of rebar and merchant product throughout the United States and the conclusion that we came to was twofold. Number one, we recognized that we didn't have all of our production in the right locations. So, we had to do a little bit of rationalization, a little bit of switching some of our products and some of the locations in which we produce that product so that we could better serve the local markets surrounding those facilities and take advantage of logistical costs. And when we did that, we realized that they gave us an opportunity in two areas, one in Florida and one in Missouri, by near the Sedalia area, where we saw pockets of market demand for rebar that were currently being served by competitors outside that market. So, when we looked at this, we said there's three things we are looking to accomplish and we believe we will accomplish when we start up those facilities. Number one, obviously, we're going to be adding to our footprint and we give better coverage to our customers on a national footprint basis. Number two; it's a better rationalization of our mills. We'll be producing the products at the mill most appropriate to produce it from a logistics perspective and from a scrap availability perspective. And then number three, specific to those two micro mills, being located in regions where currently the market is being served by competitors outside the local region and in areas where we have a good supply of scrap that's under our control through the David J. Joseph Company. So, we expect to have a significant logistical advantage both on the scrap side and on the shipment to the customer side. So, that was a strategy behind the decision to go with building the two micro mills. Now certainly, the fact that we have -- still have confidence that 232 will have an impact on the level of imports of rebar coming into the country that certainly plays into it. That gives us a little bit level -- additional level of confidence in the success of these mills, but it was really driven by the point that I mentioned earlier.
John Ferriola: And that plays to what we've talked about. We're really doing a study and taking a look at making sure that we produce the products that the market demands in the area that they are being produced. So, I'd tell you, we did -- I applaud our teams on both the rebar and the merchant side. They did a great job on the market analysis and I'm confident that we're going to be in a much better position to serve the market and improve our margins at the same time.
John Ferriola: Well, as we went through the first quarter, we were still seeing the price of scrap increasing and we -- and when you look at the rate in which the scrap price was increasing during the first quarter and at the same time, the slower rate that the CRU was advancing as pricing was moving up, you saw some of the margins begin to improve towards the end of the quarter. We think scrap now has pretty much stabilized as we look at scrap going forward. We see it, particularly on the obsolete side, maybe down a little bit, but certainly stabilized. On the prime side, probably more stable. Not too much down movement, but stable. And we believe that based upon our contracts, as we look forward into the second quarter, we see pricing continuing to improve on our contract business and on our spot business. With stable scrap pricing and increasing selling price, we should see margin expansion as we move into the second quarter.
John Ferriola: Okay. Well, let me start with the first question and you hit the question about galvanizing. We believe it's been a long-term strategy of ours to improve the value-added products out of our sheet business. And when you look at projects we've got going on today with the galv line in Mexico, the galv line at Gallatin and the cold mill at Hickman, value-added products coming out of our sheet mill will improve by about 10%. So, it'll go somewhere -- today, it's somewhere in the neighborhood of about 37% value-added. That will go up to about 47%. We think that that's an important long-term strategy. You mentioned about the hot band. And certainly, as I've said before, we always think of our investments in terms of long-term. Yes, right now, hot band is strong. There's some pressure on hot band, so pricing looks good on hot band. But over the course of this -- of the cycle, we think value-added products always give us a little bit better margin. And as to your second question, which was about who's going to produce the hot band needed to galvanize if we move more of our product from hot banded to galvanized, that's an easy answer. We challenge our teams to produce more hot bands on the mills that we have, okay. And if we see an opportunity in the future, we'll take the appropriate actions and -- to meet the needs of the market through investments. So, we don't see that as an issue. So, we're confident in both of those things. One of the key things that I would mention that, again, when you look at hot band, cold-rolled, and galvanized is making sure that we maintain that diversity so that we have the flexibility to move as the market shifts. You know our business; it goes up and down in hot band, cold-rolled and galv. And we want to have the ability to produce the products that are needed, whatever the market -- the given market is at the given time. So, that's why we're moving in that direction.
John Ferriola: Well, there certainly is a lack of clarity. There's no doubt about that. And it's tough to answer that question without knowing exactly what's going to happen. So, let me tell you what we certainly hope and what we expect to happen given the President's commitments to our industry. Number one, we need and we expect May 1st to be a firm date. There needs to be no more delays, no more extensions on this. And it needs to be where -- he's promised that if we can't come to some reasonable renegotiated agreements, then we hold firm with a 25% tariff applied to the countries that have not been exempted. But we hope that is the case. It's hard to predict what's going to happen with the imports. Hopefully, as I said, we -- March -- the May -- excuse me, the May 1st day is firm. And then we would expect to see one or two things happen; either imports would go down or if the demand in our country necessitates it. Imports would continue, but they would continue at the fair market price having paid the 25% tariff. So, one of the things that I hear a lot of about and is concerned about is shortage of steel in the future after the May 1st date. And I can assure you, there's going to be no shortage. There's a tightness in the marketplace certainly. That's a result of demand improvement. The economy is better. Demand is up. Tax reform has contributed to that. The regulation has contributed to that. And to some extent, the partial implementation of the 232 has contributed to that. But the result -- the bottom line is demand has gone up. If steel needs to come into the country, it will come in. People will pay the tariff, and they'll bring the product in, and they'll bring it in a fair price. I like to say that I can -- I'm confident that there's not going to be a shortage of steel in this country. There might be a shortage of dumped or illegally traded steel in the country, but there will not be a shortage of steel.
John Ferriola: No. We -- when we talk to our customers, they -- and we ask them quite frankly. Do you see a shortage or do you see a tightening? And the answer we get is, we see a tightening. And as I mentioned, the tightening is a result of a lot of things. But primarily, demand is up. I would point to when you look at our utilization rates last year and the first quarter of last year, they were already fairly high. And when you look at the utilization rates in the first quarter of this year, it's a little bit higher, a couple of percentage points, three or four percentage points higher. So, our customers have confidence on our ability to supply them, and we won't let them down.
John Ferriola: Well, that certainly affects. Absolutely does impact the U.S. market. But I'd also add to it, we're coming into spring. The scrap flows a little bit better in the spring, but they're particularly obsolete. On the prime side, I've -- we'll take a little credit and brag on the fact that we think the DRI facility, running so well as it did in the first quarter, contributes to putting a cap on the prime scrap number. So, yes, the reduced exports and the improved flow of scrap in the United States because of spring, we think that's the primary reasons that the obsolete will be stable to down. And given the DRI and other alternative materials coming into the country today, prime scrap we think will be pretty stable going forward also.
John Ferriola: No, it's impossible to predict what's going to happen on the geopolitical front. That goes without saying. But what we feel very good about here at Nucor is that we have options. We have flexibility regardless of what happens. If you do see something happen on the pig iron side, we have the DRI that we can count on. Also having the great organization of D. J. Joseph as part of the Nucor family. That gives us a great deal of advantage, frankly, in terms of being able to secure scrap not only domestically, but frankly, from around the world, source alternative iron units from other places in the world. They've got contacts all over the world. So, one of the things -- or the advantage that we have is that we've got options that we can take advantage of if something does happen in any one particular region of the world. We've got options both internal to our own company and through the David J. Joseph Company externally bringing iron units into our country. We don't worry too much about that.
John Ferriola: Well, I'm not going to go product by product. That's the worse, but I will say that in terms of the tightest market we see right now is our sheet product. Maybe it's a more general statement and say in our flat products because plate is also pretty tight right now. So, flat products, tighter. Long products, not as tight, although we do see some tightness in our structural market also. So, with the exception of structural, long products are a little bit looser. Flat products are tighter.
John Ferriola: Thank you, Ashley. Well, let me close by saying thank you to our customers. We appreciate the opportunity to partner with you and to earn your business every day. And always know that Nucor stands ready to seize new opportunities with you. And I want to say thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your ongoing confidence in our team. And finally, to my Nucor teammates, let's keep it going. Let's keep winning together. I'm confident our best years are still ahead of us. I want to thank you for what you do for Nucor every day. And most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. There is nothing more important than safety, absolutely nothing. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
James Frias: John, one other thing that's maybe worth adding is the idea that Kankakee is going to shift its product mix with some of the investments we're making there to make more merchants. And right now, they're primarily a rebar mill. So, while we're adding rebar in one place, we're taking spring bar out in another.
James Frias: Sure. I'll talk about that, Timna. We're constantly analyzing market conditions, our balance sheet and our future plans. We think of our minimum cash balance as being probably in the neighborhood of $500 million. So, we're not there. And of course, with our strong credit rating, we have a lot of flexibility on how we respond to cash needs.
James Frias: Yes, that's a good question. Working capital, in general, for our business always goes up counter cyclically. So, when prices go up for scrap and prices go up for our selling prices, both inventories and receivables build, and we're seeing that right now. And of course, the opposite happens. So, if you looked at our free cash flow and our cash from operations, our cash from operations, particularly in 2015, when energy prices collapsed and the sheet market faced more challenging times, again, that number was $2 billion of cash from operations. So, right now, in an up cycle, working capital is using more cash. That's just kind of common.
James Frias: Yes, yes. So, our corporate elims line has a number of components. It includes interest expense, corporate overhead, intercompany profit, eliminations and then incentive-based compensation. And I was speaking to one subcomponent of that line, and that's intercompany profit. And if we compare the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year, it was a $70 million drag by comparison and that should be lower in the second quarter.
James Frias: Yes, that's a good question, too. Last year was the first year where we had both piling and tubular in that steel products segment together in our 10-K. And we got feedback from a number of investors that said, it seems to us that makes more sense in steel products than in steel mills. And so we reevaluated and cited that was probably a better answer and so we made that move.
Philip Gibbs: Good. Jim, you had mentioned I think in your script that there was a certain lag impact. I just wanted to be certain that I heard that correctly and what that may have been.
Philip Gibbs: No, I thought you had mentioned something -- well, it was maybe along the lines of a $70 million [Indiscernible]
Philip Gibbs: Okay, terrific. And just one last question from maybe a commercial operational standpoint. Where do you see your backlogs on the steel side on a product basis, maybe the longest or the tightest? And where might be there some shorter leads or weaker spots? Just trying to gauge the -- where we are in terms of the strength of the products. Thanks.
