John J. Ferriola: It is. Okay, we'll handle it as one question. Well, I will speak for Nucor. I won't speak for the rest of the industry in terms of contract pricing. But as we talk about the CRU and the CRU minus, we at Nucor have recognized that the returns that have been generated by that pricing mechanism were not compensating us for the quality, the service, the on-time delivery that we provide to our customers every day. So we felt that it was necessary to change that, and we're in the process of changing it as we speak to our customers today. As far as how is it being received, well, certainly it's a little challenging, but our customers overall understand the need to have a pricing mechanism in place that allows for a sustainable, long-term company. So it's been a little bit challenging, but it's being received as we move along. Today, our contracts are going a little slower than normal, but we are making progress, and our customers seem to be accepting the concept of needing a change. In terms of what percent that we would be shooting for in 2014, as always, it kind of depends on where we end up with the pricing and what the contracts look like. Typically, we like a mix that's somewhere between 40% to 60% contract and with the rest remaining in spot. There's times when spot can really serve us well. For example in the last quarter, our ability to take advantage of some of these supply disruptions that occurred in the sheet market resulted in a very good quarter for us. And I want to thank our commercial team for being on top of that and taking advantage of that opportunity and doing very, very well in capitalizing upon it. So we would be looking for somewhere maybe around 50%, Michelle, but we'll go 10% or 15% either side of 50% depending upon what the contracts look like.
John J. Ferriola: Well, you're absolutely correct. We did not say it, okay. And that is something that we discuss with our customers, and I'm not going to get into it here other than to say that we are moving away from a CRU minus pricing mechanism or, for that matter, any index-based minus pricing mechanism.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me make a couple of comments about the closing at Claymont in terms of how it will impact our business. Clearly, they are a -- they tend to provide a thicker product to the market. We go from 1 to 2 inch. 2 inch is our maximum thickness that we can offer the market. That being said, -- excuse me, 3 inches, what we can offer the market. That being said, there are some overlaps on the grades that we produce, and we have seen an incremental pickup in inquiries and order entry as result of them closing. Obviously, there's -- we serve a similar geographical territory. I would also take the opportunity to give a plug to our plate mills. Hertford County, which serves a similar area, has the additional benefit of offering normalized and heat-treated product as we mentioned.
John J. Ferriola: Yes. I mean, I'm probably going to mention it a few more times before the call is over because we're really proud of that fact, and it has been very, very instrumental in supporting our other plate business. It gives us the ability to compete in markets with those other competitors who can offer similar products. So it's really expanded the grades that we can offer to the marketplace.
John J. Ferriola: Joe, I would just add to that, that we, Nucor, are the supplier of choice for tubulars because of our outstanding gauge control. Our gauge control was second to none, and that's important to the tubers. So we have a very strong participation in that market also. And when you think about our -- the location of our facilities, we're able to serve them very well with barge delivery and with rail.
John J. Ferriola: Well, actually, both. It flows both ways. Obviously, a lot goes through our service centers. But we also have a team that focuses specifically on the energy market in terms of large projects, in terms of the construction of the projects, in terms of construction of the pipelines carrying the energy products. So it's really both ways, Luke. We have a team focused on direct sales, and we obviously sell a lot into that through our service centers.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me start by making a couple of comments. First of all, at the peak of our gas drilling operations, we would be able to deliver enough gas for 2 of our DRI facilities. All of our steel mills would still have surplus gas. Secondly, you mentioned about the start of construction on the second DRI facility. I mentioned during the last call that we will be addressing that. We want to get the first one up and running. And then we will take a look at what we want to do with the second facility. I can tell you there's been an awful lot of interest in the marketplace on purchasing DRI from us and having a facility that would run on a merchant basis. But one thing I do want to stress right away, the way that you asked the questions kind of implied that we might delay the decision of the second DRI plant based upon events that were taking place today in Louisiana with the dome. And that is absolutely, categorically not the case. It has nothing to do with it. This is a short-term issue with the dome. We're already well into a work-around to get around the issue. This has nothing to do with the technology. It's simply an issue with the raw material transportation. And I think I mentioned on the last conference call that this is extremely complex because of the size of it. The material handling is an extremely complex system, and we actually expected a few hiccups. Now this is a bigger road bump than we were hoping for, but in typical Nucor way, we're facing it head-on and we're resolving it. So there's no impact on long-term -- on long-term strategy relative to DRI as a result of the dome.
John J. Ferriola: One more comment that I'd like to make since you're asking about rebars. I kind of alluded to it in the prepared comments. But the imports of rebar over the last quarter have been a major issue for our company and for our country. And that has impacted our business on the rebar side also. I would point out and maybe just reinforce what Jim said during his comments, kudos to the entire product team. Despite the challenging nonresidential construction market that we've lived through, they have been profitable 5 out of the last 6 quarters. And when I talk about being excited about Nucor's future and I think about the fact that nonresidential construction is at its lowest point in 30 to 40 years and despite that, our teams have found a way to remain profitable 5 out of the last 6 quarters, I get very excited about what we will be doing when the nonresidential construction market inevitably returns.
John J. Ferriola: And Timna, I would ask you to think about the fact that in addition, as you mentioned, all projects involve both cost mitigation and the offering of new products to the marketplace. So it's really, in many cases, we have projects going on that will give us a double benefit. So as Jim said, we do have a certain hurdle rate, and in some of our projects that we're working today and that we mentioned earlier today, we will see the benefit from both sides of that equation.
John J. Ferriola: Yes. As we said, in Berkeley, a wide light project will start in the first quarter. The NYS projects will start sometime around mid of next year, offering the 3 new piling sections for the market. That's a really exciting project. So we see a lot of them coming to fruition in the early part of 2014.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we continue to make progress there and offering the next generation of advanced high-strength steels. We're committed to working with our automotive customers to provide a great product. We recognize the challenge they're facing as a result of the CAFE requirements that will be coming into effect probably in 2018 and fully in 2025. So we've been working, and I've mentioned a few times, the high-strength and ultra high-strength product that we've been developing. They are in the marketplace today, and they're doing very, very well. I would also say that without giving any specifics as to the customers or the contracts that we're working under, we have ongoing automotive exposed steel trials as we speak, and we are quite optimistic about the outcome of those trials.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we did see some incremental demand improvement in the sheet market, but it was incremental. Really what we saw was more of an issue of disruption in the supply. And as I mentioned earlier, our commercial team just did an outstanding job of capitalizing on that opportunity and most of the improvement that you see is a result of our improvement on the sheet side of the business during the quarter.
John J. Ferriola: No, it will be going to several markets. We kind of ran through them. It will be certainly automotive, agricultural, heavy truck, industrial applications, white goods would be just some other ones that I would mention.
John J. Ferriola: That's okay. The key thing to note on that is that the items that we kind of ran off there, all involve high-strength or ultra high-strength applications, which is critical, and that's one of the key things we're focusing on out of Berkeley and our other sheet mills.
John J. Ferriola: I don't think we've noticed a major change in the buying habits of the customers. Obviously, whenever we begin trade action, the countries that are importing the product get nervous. We see a slight reduction in the amount of imports coming in. But other than that, there's been no major change in the buying habits.
John J. Ferriola: Well, it certainly will include more DRI. You answered the question very well yourself in asking the question. What it really does is give us a tremendous amount of flexibility. So every month, we'll go out and we'll take a look at the various commodities. We'll look at where we are with DRI. We'll look at the HBI pricing. We'll look at pig iron pricing. We'll look at prime scrap, obsolete scrap. And based upon that, we will adjust the basket, as you call it, the basket or the recipe, we would refer to it as, on almost a monthly basis and do what gives us the best cost advantage each month.
John J. Ferriola: Obviously, as we use more DRI, we can reduce the amount of prime scrap that we use in the mix. But again, we'll take a look at that on a basket-by-basket case and make the right decisions predicated upon the pricing of the various commodities. But as a general statement, yes, we've invested a lot in our DRI facility. And we've invested in our steel mills and their ability to better feed DRI into the furnaces, do it more effectively, do it quicker. So we will be using a lot of DRI as we move forward.
John J. Ferriola: I would agree with that. We don't use a hard and fast formula compared to depreciation. We take a look at where we are in the cycle of maintenance and make a decision that's best to keep our facilities in perfect operating condition and be able to provide a great quality product to our customers.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as we've mentioned several times, we've invested the infrastructure that we have as part of the project. The first DRI will also cover the second DRI facility. So the investment would be somewhat less. So we would probably put it in the neighborhood of about $550 million to $600 million, just as an estimate. We haven't really begun work on that at this time. And the construction time would be a little bit less, not significantly less. Obviously, the furnace is the big item being installed, and that would, of course, be about the same length of time. So it might a little bit shorter, and it will be a little bit less expensive.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, the second question was the timing on the midstream that we've mentioned in the past, that it's possible that we would end up flipping the midstream assets. And I think that timeframe was...
John J. Ferriola: What we mentioned during the script was that the wells, the gas that we are getting out of the wells, the rate that we were being able to drill and get gas out of the wells is greater than what put into the initial performance.
John J. Ferriola: It does. We will have more time to do a more thorough process, hot commissioning. So yes, I would say that it will reduce the overall startup time. The DRI process, as a general statement, however, is kind of an on-off thing. It starts up and it runs or it doesn't start up. So we're highly confident that when we're ready to start at the end of the year, we overcome this issue with material handling, we will have a relatively quick startup.
John J. Ferriola: We have everything laid out. We have 4 good suppliers, all of which are proven suppliers. We see no problems at all with the supply of raw materials.
John J. Ferriola: We have a permit that's still in place for a blast furnace operation with a coke ovens at that facility. We've never had a permit for a steel mill.
John J. Ferriola: Thank you, Keith. Let me close by again by saying thank you. Thank you all on the call for your interest in Nucor. Thank you for our shareholders for your continued support. Thank you to our customers for your business. And mostly -- most importantly, thank you to our teammates for what you do every day, and thank you for doing it safely. Have a great day. Thanks for your interest in Nucor.
Raymond S. Napolitan: Yes, sure, John. Well, the rebar fabrication market and the joist and deck market do cater to somewhat different markets. And I would say that there are just some different dynamic markets involved. And as we mentioned the last quarter, the weather still continues to impact rebar fabrication shipments just a little bit as they did the first 2 quarters of the year.
Raymond S. Napolitan: Well, the answer is yes, there is some tied to -- there is more tied to public construction on the rebar fabrication side. And joist and deck tends to be more towards private construction, yes, sir.
Raymond S. Napolitan: Yes. Right now, we're permitted to build 2 DRI plants. We're not worried. We started on them. On the second DRI plant, I can't remember the exact -- but it's a matter of many months from now -- [indiscernible] to say whether we're going to start that permit will still be valid.
Raymond S. Napolitan: We're not going to get into specifics, Michelle, if that's what you're asking. I'm not sure if you're still on the line. But we won't get into specifics of the length of time of the blast furnace permit.
James D. Frias: Well, Timna, typically, when we announce projects, we give a capital budget. And I think you have a feel for what type of hurdle rates we think about. We typically don't break out details of the returns of each project. But I think you can make a rational estimation based on the cost of the projects themselves.
James D. Frias: Yes, I'll take that. In the second quarter, our pre-operating start-up costs were around $6 million. In the third quarter, they were in the neighborhood of $11 million, and we're forecasting the fourth quarter to be just over $13 million. We would expect that they would probably level off in the first quarter and maybe even fall off a bit with the DRI plant coming fully on-stream and then decline from there.
James D. Frias: There's probably going to be some incremental pre-operating start-up costs with the wide light project and the beam project as well. But they will be short term. They won't be long-term periods. So last for maybe a quarter each as they go through the start-ups.
James D. Frias: And Tony, I would just say that our divisions helped us come up with our forecast. And our sheet mills were probably a little conservative in their forecast for September, and they came in a little better than they thought they would. And that was the biggest driver.
James D. Frias: I mean, let me add just a couple more. [indiscernible] allows us to give more [indiscernible] out of a coil. So they have a lot of our customers. And secondly, we're able to go to a lot lighter hot band than we've ever been able to go to before. So there's a lot of applications in that lighter hot band that we'll be able to facilitate more so than we ever have.
James D. Frias: So Aldo, if we think about 2014, and certainly to say a final number, that we'll have that baseload number of $300 million to $400 million. We'll have some carryover on the finishing thin and wide and some of the other big projects that are underway. And then we'll have the gas investment, a significant portion of that $700 million over 2 years that we'll be spending. So it will probably approach $1 billion, but be below $1 billion, would be my thinking right now. But again, we'll go to our Board of Directors in December with a final budget, and then we'll come back in January for that conference call, and we'll give you our budget target for 2014 at that time.
James D. Frias: Yes, in a sense, that's how we almost think about it, is we're prepaying for gas by paying the drilling costs of getting access to it in the ground. And when we had an earlier question about all of the evolution of the chemical industry that's coming in the Gulf Coast area, that's another factor that we think about. And we also think there is a big trend of power plants using gas. It's hard to predict what future gas prices are going to be, but they do have the potential to go back up into a $6 or $7 range. And we'll have a very, very nice competitive advantage with our locked-in cost of gas for a number of decades.
James D. Frias: I would answer this. We're on track with the original plan and the layout for that midstream, those assets to build out, and that was the general time frame I think we indicated early on, and we have really no significant barriers from that right now.
James D. Frias: And we don't feel like we're going to have to take material and store it some place because of this issue. We think we're fine in that regard.
James D. Frias: It's a net [ph] of a couple of operations that are in there. But a big part of it is NuMit and the performance in our joint venture with Mitsui. This chip [ph] technology business has shown continual improvement, and it's gotten to be big enough that it's offset the losses we were experiencing in our Italian operations.
Anthony B. Rizzuto: With all of the exciting investments you've got on the come, can you guys quantify the start-up costs that we're likely going to see in the fourth quarter and into 2014? Can you talk about that a little bit? And I've got one more question, too.
Anthony B. Rizzuto: All right, great. And then also, your performance turned out to be much better than you guys guided in the middle of September. And I was wondering, was there a major area of variance or was there an acceleration of demand? I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on that a little bit.
Anthony B. Rizzuto: When you guys look -- you mentioned about the investment with wider width at Berkeley. Is that going to be going towards the automotive industry in terms of the ultralight gauges? Or was -- I heard other markets being mentioned. I don't know if I heard automotive there.
Keith B. Grass: Yes. We're in the range of 200 wells right now, and we'll probably finish up the year somewhere in the range of 240, 250, somewhere in that range in terms of actual number of wells. And I'm not sure -- I can't remember exactly what the next question was.
Keith B. Grass: We still view that as confidential. And as I mentioned, I've mentioned a number of times in some of the venues I've been in, there will be a point in time where we have enough volume that we have to make full SEC disclosures like an E&P company, and then you'll see all that detail. But until that time, we'd like to keep that to ourselves. We think it's valuable information.
Keith B. Grass: And I've said that it's worth noting that year to date, it's having a small positive impact on our income statement. So our costs have been below the market price on average so far this year.
