John J. Ferriola: Well, as I mentioned in the script, our Louisiana plant start-up, we believe, went very well, and particularly when we compare it to our Trinidad start-up 7 years ago. To begin with, the Louisiana quality targets at start-up were higher than those in Trinidad. At the beginning, when we started our Louisiana plant, our quality targets for metallization were 95.5% and our carbon percentage we were looking for was 4% or better. And that compares to the quality targets at Trinidad at start-up of about 95.5% -- 93.5%, excuse me, 93.5% and about 2.5% carbon. So we started out with higher-quality targets and it's important to note that Louisiana achieved their quality targets in a single week. In 1 week, they reached the quality targets that we had set. And it took Trinidad about -- just to put it in perspective, it took Trinidad about 5 weeks to achieve its quality targets. And in terms of the -- achieving the nameplate daily production, Louisiana reached its daily production nameplate target in 11 weeks versus about 26 weeks for Trinidad to reach its nameplate daily production. And bear in mind that Louisiana's facility's a 2.5 million ton furnace, the largest operating in the world. So this was a first-time event in the production of DRI. Now Trinidad certainly was a big start-up, and we had some challenges there, but it was the restart of an existing facility that had been operating. So it faced a few less challenges. So overall, I would say that -- and I'd also point out that being the largest furnace in the world, during the start-up process, we set daily production records for DRI production out of a single furnace virtually every day during the course of the quarter. So overall, when I look at the start-up of the Louisiana facility, particularly as I compare it to the start-up of the Trinidad facility, our team in Louisiana did a great job, and we're very pleased, very, very pleased with the start-up. Now the team still has more work to do...
John J. Ferriola: And we need to focus on the process in Louisiana, not unlike what we had to do 7 years ago in Trinidad, and we have to focus on improving the yield loss that's associated with the start-up in the process.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me start out by saying, Michelle, that these are preliminary findings and that Commerce is not scheduled to give its final determination on these cases until September. I believe it's September of this year. So between now and then, believe me, we will be working hard to convince them to reevaluate their position on Turkey. It's also important to note, though, that Commerce did find, okay, that the producers in Turkey and Mexico were, in fact, dumping into the U.S. market. And in addition, Commerce found critical circumstances for some, although not all, of the foreign producers. Given the surge of imports that we've seen this year, we believe that Commerce should have found critical circumstances for all of the foreign producers dumping into our market. So we're disappointed. We're pleased with some parts of the ruling; we're disappointed with others. We're going to continue to work with Commerce and the ITC to get a better ruling when they have the final determination in September. I got to tell you, I'll go on the record as saying it, we believe the department should have made decisions based on the evidence given in the record that would have produced higher margins for Turkey. And we will continue to work in Washington to express that opinion, utilizing all the strength of all 22,000 of our teammates.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we're not going to go into those specifics. Clearly, I can tell you our competitors would love to hear those numbers. I will tell you -- I'll make just a couple of general comments, as I made during the -- during my comments in the script, that we will continue to focus on the process. We will continue to improve our -- reduce our yield loss as part of the process. And as we continue to do that, we'll reduce our costs associated with the production of DRI.
John J. Ferriola: To address your second question, I don't have a specific number of how much was shipped out. But what I can tell you is that our mills are receiving it. They are consuming it at a rate of about 30% to 40% of the total charge, and they are extremely pleased with the performance of the DRI in our furnace. And in fact, it's performing slightly better than what we expected in some areas. We've seen significant energy savings as a result of the DRI. Furnace lining life has improved as a result of the coating that the DRI is providing in the process, and the electrode consumption has gone down with the use of DRI. So we're very, very pleased. Our teams are very, very pleased with the way that the DRI is performing in our furnaces today.
John J. Ferriola: Now as we continue to go through the year, we will focus on the process, as I've mentioned. We will improve the yield loss that's associated with the process, and we expect the financial performance to be much stronger towards the second half of this year. As I mentioned in the script, we're going to be shutting down for 3 weeks in June to make some modifications, which is not unexpected, again, in the startup of a new facility, particularly one that's the largest in the world, the first time that we're operating one that large. So we're going to be shutting down. So it's about 3 weeks to make some improvements that we believe will have a significant impact upon the yield loss associated with the process. Reducing the yield loss obviously is going to have a major impact on the cost profile of the facility. And as Jim mentioned, okay, even given the current low market price for competing raw materials, we believe in the second half of the year, we'll perform much better financially.
John J. Ferriola: We do, yes. Again, given the current competitive raw material picture, we believe that raw material is pretty much at a low point. We don't think they would get much lower, but again, if that happens, then you've set a new benchmark. So given the current raw materials remain constant going into the rest of the year, we believe that it will be financially positive, profitable, in the second half of this year.
John J. Ferriola: Well probably a little bit of both, okay? In terms of the rebar, demand was hurt in the first quarter, obviously, because of the weather conditions. And we do see, as we go into the second quarter, a small improvement in demand that's tied to residential construction improving, again, modestly, and from an extremely low level, okay, but improving. But that's offset by this issue of imports that we've talked about in the script. So without a doubt, although we see a small improvement in demand, it's being -- the pricing is being adversely impacted by the imports. On the structural steel side, on the wide-flange beams side, we see demand also improving marginally, but we don't have that same import pressure. And therefore, pricing has been a little bit more stable.
John J. Ferriola: Well we always look for -- it's a case of us finding an opportunity that fit well with our strategy of going downstream. It fit very, very well with our steel tech operations. It was a great bolt-on type operation, did not require a major change in management and a lot of additional cost to it. And it's one of our more profitable downstream products that has been very strong throughout the downturn, frankly, and it's a result of the automotive strength in some other markets that are pretty strong. So we saw an opportunity to get a great company at a good price. It was a good bolt-on operation, and we took the opportunity.
John J. Ferriola: The cost will not be significant. There's some changes we'll be making into the furnace, but they -- we will not be incurring major costs associated with that. And then there'll be some costs primarily associated with the conveyor systems. You might recall from an earlier call that in Louisiana, we have 4.5 miles of conveyor systems. And just as a point of reference to Michelle's earlier question comparing it to Trinidad, Trinidad has about 1.5 miles of conveyors. So when you have that much material handling, we're seeing some yield loss as a result of the impact of dropping the material from one belt to a transfer house to another. So we're going to be going in and doing some work softening the transferring of the material. It's not expensive work. It's just a bit time-consuming. We'll also be making some adjustments to the internal structure of the furnace, which, again, minor cost, but a bit time-consuming. So we're estimating a 3-week outage. Minimal cost, but we will be down for 3 weeks. And I'll mention before the question is asked that we fully anticipated this, and we've been building our raw material stockpile to take it into account. So we will have sufficient, high-quality iron units on hand to get through, to weather through this 3-week downturn.
John J. Ferriola: Well we're comfortable with the level that we're hedged, certainly, through this year, and we'll evaluate what we're going to do as we enter into next year. To give you some perspective on that, what we're getting out of our wells, relative to what we're consuming at our furnaces in Louisiana, on average, we were drilling -- we were receiving about 100,000 MMBTUs per day during Q1, okay? And right now, our usage at that the Louisiana facility running pretty much full out, we're consuming 75 million to 80 million MMBTUs per day. So that just gives you some sense of where we stand today in terms of our coverage of gas needs in Louisiana. Now, obviously, as we go through the year and we start some of the depletion on the existing wells, that will change, we're comfortable with the level that we're hedged through this year. We'll reevaluate what we're going to do in the way of drilling next year based upon how we see pricing going forward and other factors.
John J. Ferriola: We think it's about 3%, okay? And I will -- but again, I want to point out that when we started the Trinidad plant, the yield loss was more in line with what we're seeing today at Louisiana. Now having gone through the process improvements in Trinidad, we've been able to reduce it. And frankly, we plan to reduce the yield loss in Trinidad even further by the startup of a [indiscernible] that's currently being installed.
John J. Ferriola: I would say that somewhere in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% is probably a good goal. Now, of course, when I talk to our team in Trinidad and Louisiana, I will be saying I made a mistake on the call and I'm really looking to achieve is 1.5% to 1%.
John J. Ferriola: It's primarily in sheets, okay, that most of the difficulty has been occurring. And we're seeing it across all of the sheet markets. It's been a little bit of a challenge for them. We've seen incremental pickup in our orders. We've had customers coming to us looking for additional tons, and we've had new customers coming to us looking for tons. Clearly, as they do, we have been servicing them as we can, as we have the ability to do. But of course, we're not looking for a short-term commitment from them. We are looking to build upon this short-term need by -- frankly, by requesting and, frankly, insisting that we get a longer-term commitment from them on the supply of steel.
John J. Ferriola: Now we've already seen success, frankly, on it. Over the last several weeks, we've picked up quite a -- we picked up some incremental business and, of course, with that, some additional market share and, again, in areas of automotive and others, pipe and tube, for example -- excuse me, OCTG and others. Now the situation is still playing out, okay? So we don't know exactly what's going to happen, but we suspect that we'll see a challenged supply side market on sheet at least through the second quarter.
John J. Ferriola: Frankly, at a moment's notice. Our furnaces are extremely flexible, and I've mentioned several times that one of the key benefits we see of our DRI strategy is it gives our team the ability to do substitutions as the raw material costs change. And given the flexibility of our furnaces, now we basically charge our furnace from heat to heat, from batch to batch. So we can make those changes very, very quickly and we have a great team, our David J. Joseph Company, that's continuously out there, getting a great sense of what's happening in the market. They look at what's happening with pig iron pricing. They look at what's happening with prime scrap markets. We know what's going on with DRI. We look at HBI. And frankly, we even look at obsolete scrap. So at the end of the day, if obsolete scrap drops to a very low level, we can put more obsolete scrap into our furnace and achieve the same iron unit quality by putting more DRI into the furnace. So to answer your basic question, we can change mixes into our furnace on a heat-by-heat basis. So almost instantaneously we can change them, and we keep enough inventory at our plants to be able to change that mix on a regular basis. And in terms of looking out into the future to build the inventories, our teams are always -- our team at D.J. Joseph, through their trading arm, have a great deal on what's coming down the pipe in terms of pricing and we can adjust for future demands also.
John J. Ferriola: $115 to $120. And iron ore is also at a very low level, about $125, $126, a little bit lower, somewhere in that range. So these are unusually low numbers and, frankly, it's a result of demand for steel worldwide slowing down, the slowdown in China. Now that's going to change. When we talked about the advantages that we saw in the DRI project a year ago or 1.5 years ago, we were looking at it relative to the competitive raw material cost at the time, and we were looking at it in relation to the other products that you mentioned, coking coal and so forth. So things change, and we've always said consistently that whether the DRI facility in Louisiana is a single or a grand slam, is going to be a result of factors that include -- strongly include the price of competitive raw materials and the pricing of the commodities that go into blast furnaces to produce competitively priced iron units.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as I said in the past, no. Not at this time. We're continuing to look at it. We want to get the first one up and running and stabilized. And then we're going to take a look at the environment with all the factors that I mentioned earlier and make the decision on when it's appropriate to move forward. I will say, as I always add as a caveat, we have the land, we have the infrastructure, we're gaining the knowledge and we'll be ready at the right time.
John J. Ferriola: Well all I can tell you is that, again, the final determination will come in September. Between now and then, the appropriate agencies will be taking a hard look at the, what we call, the in-country verifications to make sure that what was testified to in the hearings is, in fact, the accurate information. Now we believe that, that, as we look at the data that was put into the record, that they should have had higher duties applied, and we'll be pushing that issue. Of course, it's -- the ultimate call is Commerce and the ITCs.
John J. Ferriola: Certainly, well I'll make some comments. As I mentioned, we're continuing to develop and to seek qualification of advanced high-strength steels. We continue to make significant strides in the exposed automotive applications. We're in various stages of qualifications for both cold-rolled and galvanized, exposed parts with imminent supply agreements at hand. Some new, as I mentioned on the last call, Timna, some Nucor sheet is already in use for exposed applications. And we tend to focus on sheet, but there's other areas of automotive that we're going after, too, and that's in the SBQ. And we've developed products that are currently in use in crankshaft steels. We are producing actual steels for the automotive industry in our facility in Norfolk, Nebraska. We're developing gear steels for drivetrain applications in our Memphis facility. And, I guess, maybe to help you understand a little bit about what we're doing, you need to take a look back at some of the CapEx that we've spent in the last couple of years that are specifically focused on attracting more automotive business. The number of degassers that we've installed throughout the company, the wide light project that I mentioned again today in the script, which includes a 7-stand at Berkeley. That's going to give us an opportunity with a 72-inch wide product to get into some products for the automotive that we can't currently produce without it. The Decatur automotive quality galvanizing line that we started up a few years ago, the quality of assurance line that we started up last year in Memphis. So when you look at the focus that we put in terms of our CapEx investments, you should have some level of confidence of how successful we can be moving into the automotive arena. And what also might help you, Timna, just to give you some idea of where we stand today. In 2013 in sheet, SBQ and cold finish, the products that go into automotive, about 11% of those products that we produced went into automotive today, or in 2013. One more point that I would tell you and that is this, the automotive companies like the reliability that Nucor offers them. We're extremely reliable with our 4-sheet mills. And as a result, the auto companies themselves have been actively working with our auto team to help us qualify, develop, qualify and get our steel into their automotive or into their cars.
John J. Ferriola: Well we'll take that under advisement. I'm not sure where the 10% number came from in the past. I can tell you that we've grown that significantly over the last 2 years. It is about 11% today. We expect it to grow another 4% to 5% next year, above that level. And our long-term goal, again, focusing just on the sheet SBQ and cold finish, our long-term goal would be somewhere around 15% of those products. And I'm just now getting some information from my teammates here about where the 10% number came from and that was -- it was 10% of the total steel that was supplied at that time went into automotive. The 15% is for sheet, cold finish and SBQ shipments.
John J. Ferriola: Well I can tell you that our key service center customers are reporting stronger shipments, and our shipments to the end markets that we serve are also improving. Inventories at the service centers, as you know, are at historically low levels. The entire supply chain is extremely lean. And it does seem to be some catch-up going on. I noted in the earnings release this morning, the Reliance Steel release this morning, David Hannah, the Chairman and CEO, stated that both demand and pricing increased sequentially for 3 months in a row during the first quarter, a trend that we have not experienced since 2012. So we see that as a very good sign. So yes, we see some pickup. We think the second quarter will be somewhat better than the first. We tend to be a little conservative, okay? Because we don't know what's going to -- how things are going to play out. Right now, our backlogs are good across all of our product lines, our steel lines and our downstream businesses. We've seen, and particularly of note in the downstream businesses, the order entry rate and backlogs during the first quarter improved significantly. Our structural business, as I mentioned earlier, is doing well. Certainly, the -- our plate business is doing very, very well. And as we come out of the winter and go into the spring, the construction sites are going to ease up, open up. You'll see construction that has been challenged in the first quarter, because of the weather conditions, will start to move again. So we feel pretty good about the second quarter.
John J. Ferriola: Phil, we have a very regular supply chain that comes in on, basically, on a monthly basis. So it's very short -- costing tends to be very current with the current market pricing. It's a regular supply. We get a couple of sources in Brazil and a source in Canada, and we get it even from one source in Sweden, okay? So yes, as you know, that iron ore pricing is based upon a 3-month contract. That's the way it's done now. So we -- our consumption is current with a current 3-month contract. We don't have a long lead time. And because of the various locations we bring the product in from, we are not subjected to any weather issues. We don't need to buy an icebreaker.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, let me build on that for a minute, Jim, and say that in the last call, I used the term hiccups, and I guess I used it too much, okay? But I was very pleased to find out I'm a terrible predictor of what's to come because I got to tell you what. From equipment perspective, from an operating perspective, the startup in Louisiana was absolutely stellar. You think about the fact that there's 4.5 miles of conveyor systems supported by, if I have the number right, I believe it's something like 12,000 supporting rollers. You think about those numbers and we had very, very few shutdowns due to equipment in the first quarter. The team did a great job and the equipment performed extremely well. I just can't say how pleased we are with the equipment in the operating side. Now as Jim mentioned again, listen, we've got to focus on the process. It's a new process. And when I say it's new process, it's a new process for us. It's a larger furnace. The HYL process itself is a proven technology. It is not a new technology. But whenever you go through any startup -- I started up several milk shops in my career -- and whenever you start, going through the startup is inevitably a more significant yield loss during the startup that occurs than when you become more familiar with the process and you get all the variables under control. For example, here in Louisiana, we have several different sources of iron ore that go in. The amount of gas that's used with different types of iron ore is a factor that will affect the yield. So it's not an issue of the process or the equipment. It's an issue of becoming familiar with the different mixes and the products that are being produced and optimizing that process.
John J. Ferriola: Currently, we're exporting about 8% of our total production, to answer your first question. And can you repeat the second question? I wasn't quite sure what you meant by diverting it back.
John J. Ferriola: Okay. Actually, good question, and it points out a clarification I should make. When we talk about exporting 8% of our product for total production, we target on exports very high-valued steel for special applications, and so the pricing for it, even on an international basis, is very good. So the differential that you're talking about is more on the commodity grades. We don't export a lot of the commodity grades. We tend to focus on the higher-quality products, going for higher-quality, higher-valued applications overseas. So there really is not that much of a difference in pricing internationally and domestically on those products.
John J. Ferriola: Well, it's a little bit of both. Okay, certainly, demand is up. But I have to tell you that the -- our ability to piggyback business given the heat treat and normalized product that we offer to the market now, we've increased significantly the breadth of product that we offer to the market. And with that, we have increased our market share, and the plate market has been strong. It's been going well. Pricing has been good, and demand has been good.
John J. Ferriola: There's a lot of things that are doing well, shipbuilding, pod [ph] Building, railcars, bridge projects. Wind towers are still strong. I mentioned railcars, but specifically, tank cars with all of the movement of natural gas, there's a big demand for that. So all of those markets are strong. We're kind of hitting on all cylinders right now.
John J. Ferriola: And I want to make a correction here. I mentioned -- when I was talking about tank cars, I mentioned natural gas. I meant to say oil. There's been so much discussion about DRI and natural gas that I made a Freudian slip.
John J. Ferriola: One thing I would add though, Ray, is given the placement business that we've just acquired a short time ago and the fact that we can offer a complete solution to the customer, the rebar fabrication and placement has helped us improve our market share and our volumes.
John J. Ferriola: Nucor wants to be in 3 to 5 years as the most profitable steel and steel products company in the world. That's our -- that's always been our goal, and our intention is to achieve it. In terms of what direction we're going to go in terms of investments, it's really impossible to say. We have such a breath of products across our company that we have the potential to look at many opportunities. And so it's really a question of what opportunities become available, how they're priced, how they fit in with the long-term strategy of the company and whether it's the right move to make at that time. So we like to say we keep our powder dry. We keep a strong balance sheet so that we're ready when the right opportunity comes, and we'll take advantage of it at the right time.
John J. Ferriola: Well, the sheet market has been more challenged than other markets. Rebar has also been extremely challenged. The drivers in both of those cases, frankly, is imports. Imports have had a devastating effect on rebar pricing. It has had a devastating effect on sheet pricing. In both cases, we see demand picking up a little bit, but not significantly. So -- and then touching upon your other question, going back to the challenges in the sheet market that some of our customers are experiencing and what it's done for us, as I mentioned earlier, we picked up incremental business during these supply disruptions. And conditional to the pushed-in business, we make sure that we will take the business, conditioned upon the fact that it stays on our books and awarded to Nucor throughout the rest of the calendar year. So we're taking advantage of the opportunities as they come up. But certainly, sheet has been a challenged market, along with rebar.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I don't know that I have that number. Frankly, we take care of our long-term customers. So our long-term customers who have had issues with other suppliers, who are coming to us, we are certainly taking care of them first. We don't have a lot of interest in customers who come to us only in times of needs -- need when their regular supplier has let them down because they're not as reliable as Nucor is as a supplier. So I don't have a specific number. But I would tell you that I think the additional tons that we're able to supply to people in need, most of them are going to our longer-term customers who have been loyal to us, and we're taking care of them now.
John J. Ferriola: I don't know that I would differentiate them and put them in any order of priority. They're all good businesses. And so we're focused on all 3 and we're working hard to develop new products in all 3 of those areas. So we don't put one above the other. We're focused on all 3 areas.
John J. Ferriola: Currently, we're at about 4% carbon level. That's really a good level of carbon. We might be able to push it up another .25%, but I don't see us going much more above that. But 4% carbon on DRI is a really good quality product. To your other question of are we still in [indiscernible] ...
John J. Ferriola: Well. we're always taking a look at new opportunities, so I'm not going to say no. But at this point, it's not high on our list of things to do. But we are studying it. We've taken a look at the market, and we're going to see whether or not that's something we need to move forward.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let's see. Probably, we're operating somewhere in the neighborhood of 80% to 85% capacity utilization. So we would have a small amount that we could continue to take. Now of course, that's where we are today. Well, we did have quite an influx of orders over the last couple of weeks. So we're in the process of processing those orders. So I would say that we're getting close to the point where we would not be able to take any more business. But at the right price, you can always work in a few tons. So if there's a customer listening to the call that needs some steel in a hurry, give us a call.
John J. Ferriola: Absolutely. As I mentioned earlier, we've been able to achieve mixes of up to 30% to 40% of DRI. And when you get to that level, it allows you to put much more obsolete scrap into the furnace. So we are adjusting our mixes on a regular basis. We're taking a look, as I mentioned earlier, on pricing of all of the various commodities, and we're making adjustments as to optimize the mix cost.
John J. Ferriola: We'll work to move it a little bit higher. But I have to tell you, we're pretty high -- we're pretty happy with that percentage. You go back just a couple of years when we've had the quality of the DRI nowhere close to where it is today. We had about -- facility in Trinidad, as well as the 1 in Louisiana, we were in the neighborhood of only being able to achieve 8% to 10% of the total raw material input. Today, we're at 30% to 40%. We pushed it on an experimental basis. At 1 of our facilities, we were over 50%. I'll leave it at that.
John J. Ferriola: Well, mostly iron ore is sold on a quarterly contract price basis, okay? So when you want to look at what you would put into the formula, you would look at the last quarter's contract price, okay? So it's really a 3-month lagging number. If you want to look at it and currently, it would be in the December, January, February, March levels.
John J. Ferriola: Well, it's proven to be a good decision, without a doubt, particularly with our ability to take advantage of the spot market improvement over the last couple of weeks. We've been able to manage our sheet order book to a more effective balance between contracts and real spot market pricing. So overall, we're very pleased with -- we believe it was a good decision. We're pleased with the outcome.
John J. Ferriola: Thank you, and let me conclude by saying thank you to our shareholders. We certainly appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We appreciate your business. I want to say thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, like always, thank you for doing it safely. Thanks to you all for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
James D. Frias: David, just a side note, the costs at Louisiana really weren't a factor in the number you quoted because we sell DRI from the -- directly to the steel mills at a market price. So Trinidad operates and generates a profit based on selling pricing costs. And in fact, low competing raw material prices caused Louisiana to sell the materials at a low competing price with pig iron and busheling. So that was a factor in the performance in the quarter. But that number you're quoting reflects a market number.
James D. Frias: Well in my script, I talked about what we've identified as pre-operating and startup costs for Trinidad and it was just under $21 million.
James D. Frias: For Louisiana, excuse me. For Louisiana in the first quarter. And again, there's 2 factors: one is, the startup costs -- excuse me, the -- optimizing the conversion cost, especially relating to yield, as the mill's ramped up to its full capacity and now we fine-tune them to actual process controls; and the second factor is the commercial market it's operating in. And when we started Trinidad -- excuse me, yes, when we started Trinidad back in 2007, it was competing with materials that had a much higher selling value. So the fact that it had not yet optimized its costs wasn't as obvious and it made money right away because it could ship the materials over at a much higher price.
James D. Frias: Sal, as a side point, pre-operating start-up costs were mainly related to Trinidad and the balance we expect - for Louisiana, I kept saying Trinidad -- for Louisiana. And the amount we expect in the second quarter is going to be more in the $10 million to $15 million range, depending on how quickly Louisiana is able to get the yield improvements that they're working on right now.
James D. Frias: It wasn't really mechanical cost. There was probably some overhead cost of having some contractors and support people there that helped them during the startup. But I would say the majority was truly related to conversion costs.
James D. Frias: The energy costs are our market. How quickly they revert to normal will depend, I think, on weather, frankly, and how quickly natural gas supplies and storage, all those get to the point where those prices get pushed back down. But we saw increases in both natural gas costs and electricity costs at our steel mills. And that the $7 number does not include the benefit of our natural gas produced in our working interest agreement relationship. That shows up separately in our raw materials segment with the DRI business.
James D. Frias: It has started getting better, but I don't think it's gotten back to levels we saw in the fourth quarter yet.
