Daniel DiMicco: Thank you, John. Our message here is very clear. Nucor is extremely well positioned to deliver higher highs, cyclical earnings power, once a stable economic recovery arrives. That is exactly what we are talking about when we say growing stronger during the downturns.  And here are some of the investments made since the previous cyclical peak in 2008 that will help drive us to higher highs in earnings: An increase of more than 10% in our bar mill group's annual production capacity with the addition of the Memphis and Kingman mills; an increase of 33% in our sheet mill group's value-added coater steel annual capacity with the addition of the Decatur galvanizing facility; an increase of 30% in the David J. Joseph Co. scrap processing annual capacity in addition to the opportunity to realize earnings through our full up cycle on DJJ's original capacity of 3.5 million tons; an increase of more than 50% in Harris Steel's rebar fabrication annual capacity; in addition to the opportunity to realize earnings through a full up cycle, the Harris Steel's original capacity of 1 million tons; the opportunity to realize earnings to a full up cycle in our Extended Metals Building businesses, which more than tripled in size at 465,000 tons of annual capacity with the Magnatrax acquisition and the Utah greenfield plant; our 50% interest in southern Europe's largest beam producer, Duferdofin-Nucor, and its recently expanded beam and bar annual capacity that now totals approximately 1.8 million tons; our 50% interest in NuMit and our Steel Technology Sheet Steel Processing businesses with 24 processing facilities in the United States, Canada and Mexico and more on the way; our North Carolina plate mill's heat treat facility; and Canada's other product line expansions at our bar, beam, sheet and plate mills; and our Nucor Steel Louisiana directly reduced higher facility's first module currently under construction that will more than double our DRI annual production capacity to 4.5 million tons. The plans are more to come at our 4,000-acre site on the Mississippi River. From 2007 to our expected 2011 capital spending plans, we have invested more than $6 billion of capital, including both capital expenditures and acquisitions. That is a lot of capital that Nucor shareholders will get paid for through attractive returns in the next up cycle. Our confidence has never been greater, and Nucor's best is yet to come.  Our team thanks you very much for your interest in Nucor. We value your interest and support. And we would now be happy to take your questions.
Daniel DiMicco: And also, as those changes that Keith talked about going forward over the next 45 days, 60 days, we believe will be more moderate in nature than we saw on the way up in the latter part of last year.
Daniel DiMicco: Yes. That's correct. The billets are coming in from our other operations, whether they'd be in Texas or Seattle and possibly Utah, depending on who is in the best position to do that on the freight rates.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, listen, as John mentioned earlier, our customers are keeping their inventories very lean and for good reason. They were burned severely when this recession started, and they have decided to maintain a leaner inventory structure. The lead times of imports are an issue. The potential for movements in scrap prices over the next couple of months, our customers are very as much aware of that as we are. So there are things that will cause our customers to think about importing too much flat-rolled or what have you going forward. And so we think that between keeping our eye on things and half the mindset of our customer base, we should be able to see the results throughout the second quarter.
Daniel DiMicco: On the rebar side, that's much more sensitive because of the low levels of demand in the marketplace, period, for construction overall. And so even one time of rebar coming in is one time too many, particularly with where flat-rolled raw material prices have gone over the last six months.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, first off, I don't disagree with your comment about where the street was prior to our guidance. However, I think -- I don't think the reason is the street was where they're at , we're fundamentally sound. And I say that only because what we were giving is guidance.
Daniel DiMicco: You don't need to get defensive now about the fact that you were there and you changed. Now we ended up a little bit above it. That's just the way it goes sometimes. Sometimes it goes the other way. I don't hear you complaining then.
Daniel DiMicco: At the time that we gave our guidance, I think you can appreciate our caution. We had said all along that things were improving. As we were going through the first quarter we expected to be getting price realizations that had lagged, the raw material increases that we had seen and it went through our cost structure. The problem in being more accurate, if we want to call it that, forecast, was that, that is a moving target, exactly where the pricing ended up depended upon how strong the shipments were and how strongly our customers were taking those shipments. And in all honestly, that March was a rollout month. It was a very strong month, particularly in reference to the first 2 months of the quarter. So it was better for us to, under those circumstances, with so many things floating out there in terms of where pricing would end up and how strong shipments would be in the month of March, the stronger the shipments, the further you go into getting the higher price increases. And all of that turned out to be very favorable on all the products, not just flat-roll, but in every product line.
Daniel DiMicco: Thank you, Mark. I just want to add one thing. It was the ability to get the pricing to overcome the raw material costs and to recoup the raw material costs sooner than expected that allowed us to have the strong quarter and the strong March. And that we fully anticipate that trend to continue as we go into and through the second quarter. The end of the second quarter is still a little bit mushy at this point, and we will give our quantitative guidance, as usual, in early June. And as we mentioned in our script, I think it would be wise based upon your question for the street not to get too far ahead of itself.
Daniel DiMicco: I don't know if worry is the right word, but realistic about the fact that we're still at best producing at 13 million units in the United States and we were over 17 million units at peak. And so any additional capacity coming into the marketplace at these levels is something that will have to be dealt with by the market, and the demand in the marketplace isn't to the point where it can absorb additional tons of that magnitude without there being some impact unless the market continues to strengthen. And I think the monkey wrench that got thrown into that in the short-term was what took place in Japan and the parts impact, parts supply impact on the auto production for both domestics and new domestics. Here again, we do believe that when that is resolved, that we may see a stronger third and fourth quarter in that sector because of the fact that there will be taking their shutdowns basically now while they're short on parts.
Daniel DiMicco: Maybe not much. You tell me what is going to happen in a number of different areas, including Washington, and we might have a better handle on that. But what I will say is reiterate what John said earlier, we've definitely hit the bottom and the direction from here on in will be up. But there will not be a rapid increase through the remainder of this year. It will probably grow in 2012 at a greater pace than 2011. But speculating as to the relative strengths is really not appropriate and reckless behavior.
Daniel DiMicco: Okay. Well, then, I will say thank you, all, for the questions. Thank you for your interest in the company. Again, thank you to all of our fellow teammates throughout the corporation for working safely and helping us to have a much stronger quarter than anticipated. And look forward to being able to come back and talk about the second quarter results with an improvement over first quarter. Thank you all very much, and have a good weekend.
John Ferriola: Yes, Chris. I'd say it really kind of breaks down in terms of -- I'd say the majority of it probably comes from service center restocking. But as Dan said, our product diversity has helped us a great deal here. We saw some -- a lot of growth in some markets that we service out of our structural plants that aren't in the construction markets, such as the truck trailer markets, the container chassis markets, things like that. And the other thing I would add is, we did introduce 2 new piling sections out of Nucor-Yamato, a 16-inch piling and an 18-inch, which are the largest H pilings produced in North America. And the target there is to go after the concrete piling market, and we've seen some success in that area here starting up in the first quarter.
John Ferriola: We continue to export quite a bit of our products. It has been impacted in the first quarter by the large difference between global pricing and products and in domestic pricing and products. That said, the location of our mills gives us a great freight advantage when selling in to our key international markets, which are the Americas. So we've seen a slight drop off. We finished last year with about 11% of our product being sold international, internationally. In the first quarter, about 9% of our product went to international markets.
John Ferriola: I would also add to that, that the market in that particular region is well served by Nucor. And the mill there, we've done a great job of that mill. Remember that we were able to build that mill at a very, very economical price and started up very reasonably. So that aided also in the profitability of that mill.
John Ferriola: Yes. I would say that starting with the positive, as we look at most of our product lines, plate, SBQ, we expect to remain strong through that period. We expect merchant product to be consistent, structural product to be consistent during that period. So the one market that we're going to keep a close eye on would be, as Dan addressed, our sheet businesses. And typically, as you come out of the second quarter and enter into the third quarter, you do see a seasonal slowdown that you usually generated as a result of the automotive shutdowns for retooling. Now this year, it's going to be much more difficult to predict the impact of that, that we feel the impact will be mitigated because of what's happening today, as Dan mentioned, with the supply of non-steel critical components into the automotive market from Japan. As a result, both the domestic and the new domestics production rates currently are down as they are waiting for those key raw materials. And when you look at, as we look at the fewer inventory days on hand, we see that they are dropping low, they're going down, and they're continuing to go down. When you look on the domestic side, on the domestic production side, you're looking at about 54 days, dealers days on hand, which is a low number. And with the new domestics, the number is even lower than that. So we see some pent-up demand in the automotive sector, which will release as these non-steel components become more available. And we believe that, that will mitigate the impact of the traditional seasonal slowdown that we see at the end of the second quarter and going into the third quarter.
John Ferriola: And let me just add one comment to that. When we talk about demand, we look at demand that is tied to manufactured goods and the energy sector. The demand in those areas remain strong and, frankly, is getting stronger. And Nucor's product expansion into the higher valued manufactured product steel is really paying dividends as we go through this downturn. So we expect that, that diversity will also help us as we go down -- as we enter into the traditional slowdown period.
John Ferriola: I would just add, your first question was whether there'd be any impact in the timing. Given the timing, I think a few times, it has not changed. We're looking at somewhere in the second, the end of the second or beginning of the third quarter of 2013.
John Ferriola: Dan, the only point I would add is, when you look at our order entry rate and how our customers are ordering, frankly, customers today are buying just what they need and bringing it in just when they need it. And in that kind of a circumstance, imports are a challenge for our customers because, as you mentioned, the long lead times and the large volumes that are necessary in those offerings. So while we are aware of the potential and we are watching it carefully, we feel confident that we can react to any sharp increase in the imports.
Mark Parr: Thanks very much. I had a question and I think you may have answered it in the release when you talked about each month getting stronger. But I was looking at you, when you came out with -- you quantified guidance for the first quarter and I don't think the street was too far off for where you ended up actually coming in. And I'm just curious as to, was there something that really changed in March? I mean, could you talk a little bit about how surprised were you with the March numbers? I'd just like to get some sense or some extra color on that.
Mark Parr: Right. I'm not really complaining because it was a good result. Come on now, I'm just trying to talk about it, that's all.
Mark Parr: Yes. It just seem really surprising to me -- not necessarily surprising, but certainly a good reflection of how little growth in service center inventories we've seen year-to-date. And it just -- it really does seem like the end demand environment has strengthened pretty meaningfully. I hope the momentum keeps up here in the second quarter. Congratulations, really, though, on the first quarter. And look forward to second quarter unfolding well for you guys.
