John J. Ferriola: Actually, the feedback that we hear from our customers is that it's frankly the opposite. But our customers are telling us that when they look at the final landed price of the import offers, the difference isn't great enough to justify the risk. The other point that I would make is when you look at where we are in this – where we are this year, and our customers buying imports today, placing the orders today, can't really expect the deliveries until sometime in mid – somewhat – either early fourth quarter or mid-fourth quarter. And at that point, best time to think about the year-end inventories. So, I think, there's a bit of a hesitation to do too much on the ordering on the import side as a result of that concerns over their year-end inventories. I also would point out a little bit about the – there's some availability issues and the volumes are less available that are out there today, a lot as a result of the trade cases, the successful prosecution of the trade cases that we've had particularly in sheet, but in some of our other products and also a concern that our customers have over the other trade cases that are currently in process. So, based on all of that information and from feedback we're getting from our customers, we don't see that as a major concern at this time.
John J. Ferriola: And Joe, what I might add to that, when you think about our DRI facilities and the leveling effect that has to our company, and frankly, for the industry as well, as some of the pig iron imports that we've been bringing into the country also could be a stabilizing factor.
John J. Ferriola: Well, to answer that question directly, the answer would be, no. Certainly, if we see an uptick, and the uptick comes with product that is priced at dump levels, then we believe that there's a violation of our trading laws, then we certainly would go – would go after that. And I know that about that. The other point that I would want to make, proceeding to the question is when you mentioned there are other countries stepping into supply, such as Vietnam or some new suppliers, bear in mind that they're untested, they won't qualify in many of these applications, through extensive qualification period, and you're taking a larger risk. When you look at – and frankly, the pricing that's coming in is higher from those countries. So, when you combine the higher price with the increased risk with the less places where it can be applied because of qualifications, we don't see that much as of a threat. But, however, to your point, if we do see an uptick in it, and we do see it coming in at dump prices, or we see it coming in from countries that are receiving large subsidies from their governments, or in any other way violating our trade and international trade laws, then we are certainly free to take action. And to your point about moving to the smaller suppliers, bear in mind to the fact that we were able to be so successful against the big boys, the big suppliers, the ones who were bringing in large volumes of steel at incredibly dump prices. When you take that out of the equation, we certainly don't have any problem competing with product coming in at fair prices from other countries as long as they adhere to the trade laws.
John J. Ferriola: All right. Let me address your first question. When we look at our bookings on sheet, when we talk about cold-rolled and galvanized, frankly, they're rock solid. We are way out probably to...
John J. Ferriola: ...late September – somewhere around late September. So, we're looking really good on the cold-rolled and on the galvanized. On the hot-rolled side, we're seeing a little bit more pressure, but that being said, on the hot-rolled side, when we look at the service center inventory levels, they're extremely low. And with the reduced imports and some of our competitors shutting down operations, we see reduction in supply. So, although we are seeing a slowdown in the order entry rate for hot-rolled, and it's a little bit more challenged in cold-rolled or galv, we're still pretty comfortable with where we are in the hot-rolled market.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we've mentioned several times that part of our bold strategy is to enhance our channels to the market, and with that, a very successful track record of utilizing our downstream operations, not only to get to the final customer as a channel to the market, but also as very, very strong profit generators in their own like. So, we're always open to that. I wasn't – we're open to many opportunities, always out there looking for where we can invest our cash for – in long-term profitable growth. So, I'm not including anything, I'm not excluding anything, and I'm not going to comment anything in particular. But one area that we are focused on, and you'll be more from us as how we continue to increase on our hot rolled, which you mentioned specifically, where we would be with our hot rolled, we continue to invest in our hot rolled to a highest quality level. Some of the field work that we're doing in Gallatin today is investing to take it out of simply the pipe and tube market and get it into higher quality downstream businesses. So, general answer, we're interested in everything, we look hard at everything. You heard us say that we have a very focused and flexible investment strategy, growth strategy. And we'll look at whatever comes along. We don't have any strong preferences to any particular downstream business.
John J. Ferriola: Well, you hit the nail in the head when you talked about our contract pricing. We have a very large percentage of our sheet business on the contract, and it does lag. And most people tend to just think about it as a single month lagging, but when you add into the lead times that are involved, you have to really extend that out a little bit. So, when it comes to the questions of pricing on sheet, I would say that without a doubt, the issue there is of large percentage of contract pricing, and we expect to have – to fix that up in the third quarter. So, we're looking forward to that happening. On the question about structural, we had a nice jump in our structural percentage from quarter-over-over last quarter. So, it's not unusual for us to see a smaller jump quarter-over-quarter in second quarter over first quarter.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we have limited capacity serving our cold-rolled and galv. And I would say, we have some capacity available on hot rolled, as we look out past the next couple of weeks. One of the other things, Chad mentioned the issue of mix, and I'm moving the same thing up on the side of hot rolled. So, as we continue to shift our mix higher and higher on the value-added, a lot of that product runs slower on our mills, and we can deduce less number of tons. The poster child example of that would be at our Berkeley mill, with the wide and light product, moving into the advanced high strength steels. To produce the high strength steel product, takes a lot extra – takes extra time in the LMF, takes extra time in the vacuum tank degasser. And then, of course, running at those very light gauges, it takes extra time to run through the mill. So, it's basically a question of mix, more than anything else.
John J. Ferriola: Well, you just found the panic to everybody in this room. We thought we thought one of our cell phones went off. Whosever phone that was? And that's what all the chuckering is about. Everybody reached for their cell phones in their pockets. But, so going back to your question about Big River Steel coming on line, certainly, that will add supply. Are we concerned about it? We'll, it's a competitor, that's a good thing. We've had new competitors coming online and pass. Over the last several years, we deal with it. We're not afraid of competition. And I would say to you that frankly it's more than just equipment that comes online. It's – you got to have the relationships with the customers. You've got teammates who understand how to make the products. You have to – we have advantages, such as our diversity. An advantage that, I believe, we would have over them or other competitors is our vertical integration, and our ability to take advantage to that vertical integration. So, we'll – they'll come online, we'll deal with them. And one of the things that is nice about having extra competition that's coming from the domestic source is they do play by the same rules as us, and they can't cheat, and we like that. So I'll take extra competition from the U.S. suppliers and international on any day or week.
John J. Ferriola: I can't comment on what other suppliers are doing, and I won't. Okay. I can only tell you what we're doing about our – in our business, so if you have a question that's specific to Nucor, they have been answered, but I can't comment on what others are doing.
John J. Ferriola: And I would add just one point to that, because you ask specifically about gas pricing. And you remember that with our deals on Canada. And we have some control over there, we have some ability to mitigate the impact of gas price increasing through our own supply in Canada.
John J. Ferriola: Excellent question. And know that we're again – to get into the nuts and bolts, I'm not going to spend a lot of time giving further the details. But the rough answer to your question is, yes, we do keep that number constant, and that's something that we're evaluating right now as we look at how some others, we put their numbers. And we typically have the same number year-after-year-after-year, so that we can compare ourselves quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter. Others, see the typical mixes or what they anticipate their product mix to be to – for the quarter to generate a denominator, and then of course, their capacity utilization.
John J. Ferriola: Yeah, that's absolutely correct. Frankly, we will be really disappointed if we hadn't generated production was what the nameplate said. Our goal is to exceed that at all times. Now, having said all of that, I will tell you that, the other thing that comes into play here is that, as I mentioned early in one of the other questions, mix is changing dramatically to higher quality, higher profitable products, as a result, they tend to run slower on our mills. So, we are taking a look at evaluating just where we are with that during the next quarter and perhaps resetting those numbers at the end of the year. I don't think – in fact, I'm sure we won't go to one where we'll change it quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter, we just – we don't think that's a fair way to represent our utilization. But we will evaluate where we are today based upon our new product mix that we are running the higher quality, slower running products on our mills.
John J. Ferriola: And to answer your question direct, we aren't anticipating changing of our – any of our maintenance shutdowns to deal with the issue. We don't think it's – we need to do that at this time.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I can't answer that question. That's a question more for the buyers, but what I will point you to is when you take a look at the months on hand numbers, they're extremely low. When you talk about across all sheet products, months on hand is about 2.0, that's extremely low. We suspect that if you break that down, when you look at cold-rolled and galvanized, probably a little bit under that, maybe 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, so hot band might be somewhere around 2.2 or something in that area. All of that said, that's still an extremely low number. Now, certainly buyers are hesitant to buy right now, there's a lot of things going on, but we think that as things settle down, as people start coming back from the vacations and they begin to look at what their plans are to the rest of the year, we expect them to buy – to get back into the game.
John J. Ferriola: That the fact that on the rebar, we do see a little bit of challenge there as you mentioned, because of the imports. So we remember that we have a downstream business that consumes about 1.4...
John J. Ferriola: ..million tons in terms of our rebar, which puts us in on a really good position in terms of our rebar generation of sales.
John J. Ferriola: And we are excited to begin to introduce our new products, our new – our piling sections will be coming out in the second half. The two remaining piling sections will be coming out during the second half of the year. And we are really excited to be able – to be introducing our QST product in the near future. That's going to be a big plus for our structural mills.
John J. Ferriola: And that's what we're looking for. And bear in mind that in addition to processing and brokerage D.J. Joseph also has other businesses that serve us well. And their railcar businesses, I think, plus for us, that gives us some advantages. And I've always said this, and I still believe that D.J. Joseph is not just a scrap company, and a brokerage company, and a rail company, more important than anything for us, it's an information company. And they do a great job of extracting the price of iron units and alloys worldwide and helping us to understand what's going on in other countries in terms of consumption of product by the amount of fine units that are being consumed, alloys that are being consumed. So, it's a great information company that serve us extremely well
John J. Ferriola: Certainly, I can tell you why Central America – I said, Central Mexico, excuse me, that's because that's where the customers are. We put the plant where the customers are. When you look at where the quality automotive companies are locating their production facilities, it's right in that same area, around León and surrounding communities. So, we're placing this – we haven't decided exactly which town to put it in, but we're placing it in a location that's frankly surrounded by new automotive company – new automotive production that's coming in, around there. In terms of the substrate, about 50% of the substrate or 200,000 tons will be coming from Nucor, and 200,000 tons will be coming from JFE.
John J. Ferriola: Let me say, I don't refer to it as a little plate company in Texas. Let me say, great plate company in Texas. And I'm very glad that you asked this question, because I want to take just a minute and to welcome all of our new teammates from Longview, Texas into the Nucor family. So, and then you who are listening to the call today, we're excited to have you onboard. Welcome. I want to tell you, I was at that facility yesterday to – frankly, to welcome everyone into the company, and to hover around and walked around that facility, that's a great – it's a great facility. We've had it at a very good price, okay, a very fair price. And if you work it out, it's about $161 a ton for a plate mill, and that's pretty good price.
John J. Ferriola: Why do we – why are we doing this? Well, there's a lot of good reasons, number one, and Chad, you can jump in if I miss any here – but number one, just from a sizing perspective, it really fills a void that we've had in our portfolio. We want to be able to offer our customers a full range of plate products. And currently today, we go up to, I think, I'm going to get right, correct me, if I'm not, three inches in thickness and 128 inches in width. And with the facility Longview – we call Longview , okay, we'll be able to go up to 12 inches. And I believe it's 138 inches in width. And beyond that, because they utilize what's known as a bottom chord ingot process, okay, you get extremely clean steels that allow us to sell into many, many high-quality, high-margin applications: military applications; naval applications; airplanes, I think they may break brackets for some of the airplane applications. Grade market, they go into well, heavy equipment market they go into. And then efficiency of production, they have an incredible heat treating and annealing operation. And if I have it correct, I think it's 18 heat treating facilities or, I think, bottom furnaces for heat treating. And I'm going to tell you why, I spent – I visited there a couple of weeks ago. And I was asked again yesterday, as the goal, I mentioned all the great equipment they have, more importantly than any of that, they've got a great workforce, their culture is fantastic. It's a great cultural fit with Nucor. And if you can't tell by the tone in my voice, I'll tell you, I am really excited to have them join the Nucor team.
John J. Ferriola: And you asked about capital. Frankly, there'll be some capital that we'll put in there – it'll be minus, as we get to know more about business. And we see new applications, we might be adding something down the road. But when I look beyond any major influx, they've got a good facility, they run it well, and we don't see major capital going into it. It's certainly doesn't require.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we can't comment on what our competitors are going to do, but I'll be happy to comment on your question about how does that fit in with our organization. Well, we talked a little bit about it in terms of just – in top of markets and more challenging markets, what you want to have is additional products that fit into niche markets. And that's exactly what we're buying here, or we have here. As we mentioned, several of the applications, these are really high-quality specialized application. We're talking about brackets that go on the airplanes for the landing gears. That's kind of important. And I want to just fill a little bit more on what Chad said also that, look, we're going to have tremendous commercial leverage here. We sell nationwide. We've got a great commercial team out there selling plate. It wasn't the focus of Joy Global, so they didn't have the same focus on selling it outside their internal needs, and we do. So, we're going to be taking the commercial leverage for a whole another level. And just one final point that I would make in that decision, it might be weak right now, and well, frankly, it's not that weak, okay. But, we do all the – those investments that we make up for the long-term profitable growth of our company, and we wanted to be sustainable. And, we believe that the best way to do that is to continue to grow our diversity, continue to grow our market leadership position in the markets in which we participate and this fills those builds perfectly.
John J. Ferriola: Well. We would – we can't, I don't know the number for exactly – given the new acquisition – without the new acquisition.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I will start, and Ladd you can jump in here. Clearly, when we started up, as we do it with many new facilities, there's a learning curve. There tends to be some challenges on equipment, there were, in this case. Actually that had nothing to do with the technology. We still have a great deal of confidence in the technology. This was an exemplary piece of equipment. And we even saw the issues, I guess, here. So, we got – we worked our way through the equipment issues. And now, I would say, that it's fitting into our strategy exactly the way that we anticipated it fitting into. It increases the flexibility of our raw material strategy. Remember that – and I know, you all probably know this, but remember that when you look at iron units, it represents about 60% of our total cost of production, that's a huge portion of our total cost of production. So, the more flexible we are, the bigger the basket of choices we have to use when we select the lowest cost mix to put into our furnaces. It gives us a tremendous cost advantage to our competition. And we still feel very strong, and this was a great long-term investment. I'll remind everyone once again that we did build Louisiana with the infrastructure to support a second facility. And I'm convinced that long term, okay, as we continue to see prime scrap become more difficult to obtain and degrade in terms of the quality of the – a prime scrap that's available for our furnaces. And as we continue to move further and further up into the high quality products, where we need more and more virgin or very pure iron units, I'll tell you what, we're going to be very glad that we have this, and we're finally going to be looking to add some more.
John J. Ferriola: Thank you. Let me conclude by saying as I always do, thank you to our customers. We really appreciate your business. Thank you to our shareholders, we appreciate your ongoing confidence and your support. And I want to say thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating customer value, generating attractive shareholder returns and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, thank you, all, for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
R. Joseph Stratman: Matthew, this is Joe Stratman. Let me take a shot of that. The flows have been improved through the course of the year, as you might imagine. The increased demand from steel mills across the country raised prices, and with the price increases flow followed into the scrap yards, which is the normal trend. At this point, with the currency exchange, the strength in the U.S. dollar, the weakness in Europe, in other words, so there's a lot of scrap available in Europe, and the Chinese billets moving around the world, the trade flows there, I don't see a lot of upside pressure on scrap. But similarly, the demand – the robust demand for domestic steel mills, I think, also keeps the demand side level, and that we have reached a pretty good point of supply and demand, where we would view a lot of stability in the last half of the year on scrap pricing.
R. Joseph Stratman: Absolutely, John. As I mentioned, the strength of the dollar and the supply available of scrap in Europe, but also as John mentioned pig iron, from both Brazil and from Eastern Europe, and Russia, the supply is pretty stable right now. And also, as John answered in the first part of your question, we think the demand outlook is also good and not negative in any way. So, supply demand on the scrap side should keep stability there for quite a while we think.
R. Joseph Stratman: We certainly see it as an advantage. We do have an international reach through our brokerage team, our DJJ brokerage team. And we can bring scrap in from virtually all over the world, and we can bring scrap substitutes in from virtually all over the world. The advantage clearly is it provides us a great deal of flexibility to use all the resources across the globe to get the most cost-effective source of a raw material to, at times, that will be domestic scrap, at times, it will be international scrap substitutes. So, we certainly believe it's an advantage, and we certainly use it to our best advantage.
R. Joseph Stratman: Yeah, we do the same thing, again, through the DJJ team, in cooperation with our steel mills. We do that also on ferro-alloys.
R. Joseph Stratman: John, I think I'd add one other thing to that. One other advantage that compliments that is a large percentage of our steel mills have deep water access, so not only do we have the brokerage arm that can buy it, but we have a efficient way logistically to get into our facilities.
R. Joseph Stratman: And Andrew, I'll add one more comment, if I could, this is Joe Stratman. Your question really said it right? How does it look mid-cycle, which is we're entering more of a mid-cycle, where the prime scrap – the cut scrap spread is starting to get back to historical norms. And as John said, the quantity and quality of prime scrap in the United states will continue to deteriorate. That mid-cycle comment of yours is spot on, that we're starting to hit the sweet spot of the value of what that DRI plant could do for us.
James D. Frias: Well, the biggest driver in the year-to-date difference is LIFO. LIFO went from $112 million credit to a $46.5 million expense. That's about $160 million swing of the total difference of $230 million, roughly. The next biggest drivers probably the profit on intercompany sales. We always have some volume of intercompany inventory at our downstream businesses. And with our steel mills having higher margins, we have to take a charge to write that inventory value down to its cost of production. And so, there's a takeaway there from the profits still in those segment. And then finally, we do have a significant part of our pay across the company, including our profit sharing for the retirement accounts of our workforce, that's driven our profitability. It says probably $25-ish million of the difference is profit sharing and incentive comp being in spite of the fact we're making more money. It's a good thing, but more than that, number's changing, happy our shareholders are.
James D. Frias: Yeah. Just a comment, overall demand for structural products year-over-year is up about 3% or 4%. Our Nucor shipments of structural steel is up about 15%. So, while quarter-over-quarter, we dropped just a tad, a significant part of that was some major outages that we had at Nucor-Yamato.
James D. Frias: We see that maintenance CapEx is in neighborhood of $350 million. And our outlook for the year remains the same, it's roughly $500 million for the year.
James D. Frias: And I would add John, that our numbers are not a nameplate number, they're usually higher than the nameplate number, because at some point in time in history, we've usually gone above the nameplate number. And so, we typically report based on the peak, we could achieve in ideal circumstance with a perfect mix, not based on what the current market mix might be or other factors like that, that can influence the mix.
Ladd R. Hall: Yeah. This is Ladd. I'll take a shot at that. Without question, the biggest driver of our improvement in our DRI plants are our costs and our yield improvements. They've done a superb job down there, figuring out how to take a huge amount of yield loss and out of that – for all that; second, they continue to keep a very, very high level of quality. Our steel mills are using it – learning how to use the materials better and better. And in fact, most of our steel mills with that material, they can use it far above HPI and getting very close the same quality of what the pig really is. So, we're really excited about what that is. And secondly, we don't really control the prices. Depends on ore prices, and pig prices, and scrap prices, so they have to be market competitive to do that. And to tell you that we're going to be profitable in third quarter at our DRI plants and based on our market really speaks highly of what those two plants have done.
Ladd R. Hall: Yeah. We were planning doing some work at Crawfordsville, Indiana plant by end of spring, we skipped that. We decided to do a mini four-day outage this quarter. We'll probably still have a regular schedule on some time next late fall or early winter. But that's the only plan that we have right now .
Ladd R. Hall: Maybe just one comment to that, John. And although we're very excited to see the divisions profitable, sometimes, I think we lose sight of the fact what it does for our steel mills, as far as moderate their costs and allow them, as John has talked about, be significantly more flexible than they've ever been before. So, it's not just a benefit to the DRI plants, it's a huge, huge benefit across our consumer mills.
Alessandro Abate: Good afternoon, gentlemen. I have just one question, which is related to the one that my colleague just asked, related to the acquisition of the heavy plates from Joy Global. How does it fit into your portfolio, if you can actually give us a recap of the heat treating capacity that you have within your mills, and what this acquisition may mean in the middle of – because, clearly, in the U.S. the plate market is the one that's suffering the most of the capacity and weakness in the line segment. In this respect, do you see any kind of potential consolidation among the plates division of your competitors. Thank you.
Alessandro Abate: Thank you. Just – if I may, just a quick follow-up. Can you just remind me how much you have in terms of heat treatment capacity and the quench and temper plates for the mining industry.
Alessandro Abate: Okay. Thank you very much. And congratulations on the purchase. It's really a great deal. Thank you.
