Leon Topalian: Yes, Emily, thanks for the question. I’ll kick it off. For the last three years, we have been focused on executing on our mission, which is to grow the core, expand beyond and live our culture, ultimately generating higher highs and higher lows and providing a capability set to our customers that provides them a differentiated value proposition. And so while there’s an awful lot of talk about looming recessions and headwinds we’re facing and whatnot, I just tell you that the objective measures as we look into Q2, we think Q2 is going to be a stronger quarter. If we look at our backlogs, our steel segment backlogs, Emily have increased 30% from the lows in the fourth quarter of last year. The demand picture as we think about automotive approaching 15 million units in 2023 remains really bright. And then some of the other things that I mentioned the opening script like the IRA and CHIPS Act and the Infrastructure Bill are already having meaningful impacts in our business segments today. But if we just take and unpacked just for a second the CHIPS Act, a $55 billion act signed into law, that $55 billion investment has spurred 34 projects that are on the books today. Those 34 projects represent $374 billion of semiconductor factories that are going to be built in the United States. And as our customers continue to shift to higher demands in what they’re looking for and what were in body carbon, it sets up incredibly well for Nucor as the most diversified product offering everywhere to help them build those facilities. Then the full cycle of that is, as they build those facilities, they’re going to provide the chips to our end use Tier 1 automotive customers, our HVAC customers and our heavy equipment customers that are all waiting for those and we’re ready to grow at that demand. So again, we look forward to, and I think the brightest days for Nucor are still in front of us. And yes, that’s really where I would point to. And again, non-res construction continues to be incredibly resilient and we think strong going forward.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, I appreciate that question and we are excited. We’re incredibly excited about the expand beyond piece of our businesses, the warehouse systems, the racking, the CHI Overhead Doors, and what those teams have been able to already generate in their earnings power and we’re just getting warmed up. I’m going to ask Chad Utermark, who’s over that product group and as well as the new markets and innovation teams to give you some more flavor. But I would just remind you all that, hey, that’s a segment in the construction and non-res. It represents over half of Nucor’s overall mix. It’s a market we know incredibly well, a customer base that we’ve had for going on six decades now, and one that we continue to partner with to provide a differentiated value proposition. Our investment strategies were two-thirds of the way through a $14 billion capital campaign that’s going to double Nucor’s earnings powers from pre-pandemic levels. So Chad, why don’t you provide Emily just a little more detail in what we’re seeing in the non-res sector and some of the optimism we have.
Leon Topalian: Okay. Curt, I’ll kick this off and again a bunch of different questions in there, and we’ll try to make sure we cover them all if we don’t just ask again. But let me begin with the tail end of your question. As we think about the IRA, the Chips Act and infrastructure, in the macro, we see about – is upwards of about 8 million tons of annualized capacity for the next 10 years. So if you think about 8 million tons, that’s roughly 7% of the overall ADC [ph] of this country. It is not an inconsequential number. And so well, how does that flow through? And how does that break down in the steel intensity within those three. Well, number one, it marries up incredibly well to the most diversified steel industry leader in Nucor. It matches up really well with the lowest in body carbon footprint of any steelmaker in the world that our customers are demanding these days, but it’s coming in the form of plate, structural longs, rebar, sheet, joist and deck, fasteners, buildings, warehouse systems, racking, it really is the breadth of our portfolio that is on display today. So it’s touching every segment of Nucor’s businesses. And again, with what Chad described, and again, we – we’ve worked really hard commercially in Dan Needham’s group with how we provide solutions and looking not to sell products, but how do we provide and partner with a customer to take care of their entire needs of that building envelope from the foundation all the way through to completion. As we’ve shifting a little bit to your question on sheet, and I’ll ask Rex to touch on this as well. But I would tell you in the macro, no, we do say Q1 showing more favorable demand in the back half of 2022. And so, there’s strength there. And again, ultimately drives that is our customers. It’s a supply and demand market. That’s why we’re seeing pricing go up and stick because the demand is up, the drivers are up. Our sheet business alone, Q over Q was up about 20%. Backlogs are up about 25% Q over Q. So there is real strength there. There’s – and there’s some optimism there and how we see that moving forward. So Rex maybe provide a little bit more of a picture within the sheet group and what you’re seeing through the back half of or the rest of 2023.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look in inventories, Timna, as you know and you're looking at the MSCI data, like we remain pretty flat, and so as you see particularly in cheap pricing coming through and the stability of that, it's a good indicator noting that we're not pulling orders forward from Q2 early because of those moves. So I would tell you while they remain at pretty flat and low numbers, look they're going to be cautious as well. Interest rates are having a big effect on them, but many of our end market customers as well are watching and evaluating projects and expansions based on what we're going to see from the Fed here next month and throughout the rest of the year. So it is touching obviously a big swath of our customers and like you we're watching all of those indicators and trying to analyze, how does that shape out. But we've been partners with our major service center customers for a long time. We're taking care of their needs and continue to do so well under the future.
Leon Topalian: Yes, we can do that. I'm not sure we'll do it on the call, but Tristan, it's something we can have our IR team follow-up with you and then give you some more details. But again one of the things to keep in mind is we think about those three projects; the breadth of Nucor's capabilities set positions us incredibly well. It's going to touch every major product group that we have. And we're really excited about the expand beyond capabilities. When you think about the overhead door businesses, the racking business is combined with the joist and deck and the building systems group going to market together as one. We are providing a solution set no one in the industry has today. So we'll get you some, some more information here Jack can follow up with you in the coming days, but maybe provide a little bit more of that breakdown.
Leon Topalian: Yes. I’ll maybe kick it off and then Steve or Rex, I would tell you, no, I don’t think it’s restocking. If you look at the MSCI numbers are hovering around the two months on hand, which, again historically has been low. I don’t know and I don’t, we don’t anticipate these jumping to three or four anytime soon. I think that’s going to be a balanced approach for what Timna asked about interest rates and then again availability. So what I would tell you is, yes, you saw a large increase in our sheet group that is real demand. But does that – stack in that continue? Well, look, we think second quarter is going to be strong. But as we play out the rest of the year, we’ll have to sort of wait and see. But the increase within that – if you broke out that increase in shipments, some of that is the loss of imports. We’ve seen the imports drop off significantly Q-over-Q. And some of that is also establishing different partnerships with our commercial teams and how we’re going to market. We mentioned in my opening remarks, the relationships and partnerships we have with Train [ph] and General Motors and Johnson Controls. And there’s another 20 customers like that, that we’re partnering with different to provide them something unique and again, a very differentiated value proposition.
Leon Topalian: Well, thank you. And in closing, I want to thank our Nucor team for their incredibly strong start to 2023 and your continued focus on our most important value to health, safety and well-being of our team. I want to thank our shareholders for your investment and your trust. We take that stewardship incredibly seriously. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you in our customer base. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor, and have a great day.
