John J. Ferriola: Well, in terms of investments, a lot of the projects that we are currently working on will finish out in 2013 or early 2014. We never limit ourselves looking at the future. We're not sure when potential opportunities will come up so we always keep our options open. We have a strong balance sheet, so if we have the right opportunities, we can continue our investments. And that said, we will always be continuing our role in new products on an organic basis in our existing mills. We are always looking for new opportunities to grow our product range and to improve our products and move further up in the value-added markets.
John J. Ferriola: It's too early to comment on that. Our objective right now is to focus on getting the first module up and running and getting the DRI into our facilities. You do know that we have built the infrastructure and support structure at the existing Louisiana facility to support 2 units. So when we move forward with the second unit, the timeline will be a little bit shorter, the investments will be a little bit lower and we can move forward a little quicker. It's [ph] already in place for the second unit, so that's also a timesaver.
John J. Ferriola: As Jim mentioned in his comments, as we look forward into 2013, we see a slightly better nonresidential construction environment. We use the word cautiously optimistic. We see some signs of improvement. The ABI index has been over 50% for 7 months in a row now. When you look at residential construction, which is sometimes a leading indicator of nonresidential construction, housing starts up over a million units annualized, which is the first time since, I don't know, 2007, 2008, somewhere back then. So there are some encouraging signs that things are getting better in nonresidential construction. Now having said that, when we say that they get marginally better in 2013, that would take them to roughly 60% or 65% of the levels that they peaked out at during 2007.
John J. Ferriola: There is a value and use penalty in using DRI. We estimate that to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $15 to $20 a ton. It really isn't a function of productivity. It does slow you down a little bit. It's more of a function of cost on other components, refractory costs and other operating costs similar to that. Now we have done a lot of work on DRI in electric arc furnaces. We've done a lot of testing at our existing furnaces. And to date, we've been able to add -- at our Hickman facility, we ran heats with 40% to 45% -- I'm sorry, that was actually what we did at Decatur. I said Hickman by mistake. But at Decatur, we ran trials using DRI so that we could get a good feel for what the penalties would be, both in productivity and in costs. So we feel we have a real good handle on those estimates.
John J. Ferriola: Mix is always an issue when you look at those numbers. I don't have the specifics in front of me, but I would say that our mix did change pretty significantly first quarter '13 relative to first quarter '12, if that helps answer your question.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me start by saying imports continue to be an anchor around the neck of the entire industry. Global overcapacity is a major issue, as is domestic overcapacity in all of the steel products, long Products and flat products. Now that said, we do see 2013 to be slightly better in terms of volumes and in pricing in all of our steel products with the exception of sheet. We think sheet will be -- will continue to be very challenged, particularly in the second quarter. We believe the volumes will be similar or maybe a little bit higher, but pricing will be very challenged on our sheet business.
John J. Ferriola: Well, there's many more than 2 plants operating globally using the HYL technology. In terms of the metallization rates, clearly, we study both the Midrex and the HYL very carefully before moving forward. We're convinced in looking at some of the HYL facilities that our teams have visited and did a deep dive into -- that they will be able to achieve similar numbers to what we see in Trinidad, perhaps a little bit better. We're looking in the neighborhood of 96.5% to 97% on metallization rates and somewhere in the neighborhood of 3% to 3.5% of carbon levels. Actually, I think, if I'm not mistaken, Ladd, you might be able to help me out here. I believe there's just been 2 large HYL facilities, both of about 2.0 million tons capacity, that have started up in the last year or 1.5 years.
John J. Ferriola: Well, it'll displace pig iron and it will displace prime scrap. Now how the mix works out, is going to be a function of the cost of the materials at the time while we're making these decisions. We'll have several options in front of us. We can use brands cap, we can use pig iron that we'll continue to purchase and we can use the DRI out of our 2 facilities. One of the great advantages this is going to give us is the flexibility to make good economic decisions on iron units as we move forward.
John J. Ferriola: Well, certainly, there have been a lot of announcements on SBQ volume expansions among our competitors. How do we plan to deal with it? Well, we're going to compete fiercely and successfully with the additional SBQ that comes into the marketplace. We have great confidence in our teams, our equipment and in our products. We also believe that, given the continual growth in the automotive markets, that there will be an increased need for SBQ as we move forward. We have automotive. We have energy, which consumes a lot of SBQ, continuing to go strong -- grow strongly. Heavy trucks, although it's come down a little bit this year, we expect it to return in 2014 to higher levels. So although there's been a lot of SBQ that's been announced and will be coming into the market, we anticipate the demand for SBQ to grow also.
John J. Ferriola: And maybe just one more point, Jim. That's a good point. Thank you for adding that. Just one additional comment on this. In addition to adding SBQ, this is allowing us to realign our existing mills so that our merchant products are produced more efficiently also by reassigning products to different facilities. We're consolidating our merchant production at some of our facilities, so we're going to gain some efficiencies in that area also. It's important to note, as we always do point out, although we continue to grow into the value-added markets, we do that without surrendering any of the commodity or lower our value-level markets.
John J. Ferriola: We don't see that in the future. As I said, it's been -- as I look back in history for 20 to 25 years, we haven't seen that and, I guess, I'd never say never, but we don't anticipate seeing anything of that nature.
John J. Ferriola: Okay, yes, okay. Well, as we said during the script and during Jim's comments, basically, in all of our products, with the exception of sheet, we see improvement in demand. Again, marginal improvement, slight improvement. I don't want to mislead anyone here. We see it getting better across all of our products with the exception of sheet in terms of volume and pricing to a less extent. Some of our products will see better pricing opportunities in 2013. Some will continue to struggle such as sheet. So across all of our products, we see some improvement with the exception, of course, of sheet, as I've mentioned several times.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we look at -- we have an advantage in a sense that we can look at some of our downstream businesses. We look at the order entry rates, the backlogs, the pricing opportunities in those downstream businesses, Harris company, rebar fabrication, Verco and Vulcraft operations. Now we've seen a little bit of improvement when we look year-over-year on our Vulcraft, Verco backlogs. We see some improvement on new orders and then our margins are up fairly significantly year-over-year in both joist and deck. So those are some of the things that we watch and we see as positive indicators. What would get us to the point where we were more optimistic would be when we saw greater order entry rate, higher prices, a larger backlog. Now there are -- we do have some anecdotal information from time to time that seems to indicate things are getting better. We just recently attended an AISC conference and I had an opportunity to interact with a lot of our customers there in the nonresidential construction area, and they were more positive than we've seen them in a long time. So again, these are all small indicators and that's why we've put the "cautiously optimistic" in the sentence. But as we see more and more of these indicators, we can gain confidence and we'll be happy to be able to share that with you when it occurs.
John J. Ferriola: Clearly, you have to look at demand when you say you have an oversupply situation. But the amount of overcapacity globally and domestically in the sheet market is phenomenal right now. It's clearly an oversupplied market, clearly, an oversupplied market, and that problem is amplified by the heavy level of imports, the surge of imports that have come in over the last, well, really, over the last year, 1.5 years. So yes, it's an issue of oversupply. Demand certainly is not stellar, but demand has been improving quarter-over-quarter by a small amount. We've mentioned a few times automotive. We've mentioned energy in the form of pipe and tube. So demand is there and demand is growing slowly. Unfortunately, more and more capacity is being brought online and imports continue to come into the country at very, very high levels. So as long as that situation exists, it's going to be a very, very challenging sheet market.
John J. Ferriola: Again, on Long Products, we are seeing some slight improvement and we anticipate that to continue as the year plays out, as 2013 plays out. But again, we're talking about a slight improvement. We haven't seen anything to get very excited about at this point. All the things that we talked about during the call so far; increasing, small increase in the amount of nonresidential construction is helping, introducing new products and moving up the value chain by increasing the breadth of our product offering. For Nucor, that's also certainly helping. So we see a small improvement as the year plays out in Long Products. And frankly, we see the same in some flat products. We believe that plate will be marginally better in 2013 than in '12. We see plate continuing to, both in volume and pricing, increase incrementally as we go throughout the year. Sheet is going to be the challenging product for us, and frankly, all forms of sheet, hot band, cold rolled, galvanized, electrical steels are all going to be very challenged.
John J. Ferriola: There's a new sheet mill being built somewhere in Arkansas, being proposed in Arkansas. I haven't heard that. That was a joke. Well, listen, I'll start by making the comment that you've heard me make several times during the call. We have a tremendous overcapacity situation in the United States, in North America. There's absolutely no need for additional capacity. Now having said that, okay, if the plans move forward and it does move forward to getting built, it's going to take some time to get built. The last new mill that was introduced took about 3 years from the time that it was announced until they began production. If I remember correctly, it was about 3 years, maybe 3.5 years. During that time, Nucor's not going to sit idle. We'll continue to grow our product offerings. We'll continue to add to our value-added offerings. And if the mill does start up, we'll compete. We'll compete fiercely, we'll compete successfully. As I think back to the last mill that came online in the United States back in, I think it was around 2007, I remember hearing things about how Nucor would be most negatively impacted by that new operation because it was located in the South, close to our mills. And at that time we said that we would develop a plan and trust in our team to take on that new competition and compete successfully with it. All I want to say is you can see how all of that worked out, and if the new competitor continues to move forward, we'll do the same thing. We'll develop a plan, I can tell you. When they start up, they'll meet fierce resistance, fierce competition. We'll have the plan, we have the capability and most importantly, we have the team. And I've said this many times on many calls, I will put our team up against any team anywhere in the world. And I trust that they will compete and they will compete successfully. Those are my thoughts.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we don't really need to see it get back up to the levels that we have seen it in 2007, 2008. To some extent, that was almost an artificial time period, created on steroids, I don't expect to see again. But if it approached 70%, 75%, 80% of the peak levels of 2007, we'd be pretty pleased with where we are. We think that, that would support a strong market for both our Long Products and for our building products.
John J. Ferriola: Well, there's a lot of ifs in that question, that's for sure. Iron ore, I read recently articles that say iron ore will be $80 to $100. And I've seen just as many articles stating that iron ore will be at $150 to $160 a ton. So certainly, what happens with iron ore is going to have an impact on steel, the economics of steel production, but I'm not in a position to be able to say whether it's going to be a bull or a bear. My best guess would be, as we move forward, that you'll see some pressure on iron ore pricing. You'll see it will come down a little bit. I'm not sure it will come down to those levels.
John J. Ferriola: Well, a couple of comments to start off. First, we do believe that there's a significant amount of OCTG coming online. We do believe that, that will create an opportunity for our flat-rolled mills, and we are certainly pursuing that very aggressively. There are some challenges, some headwinds that we have to overcome. One is the amount of OCTG imports that are flooding into the country. That's a challenge not only for that industry, but for us. But -- and we are working with that industry to take action to get that corrected [ph] . I was just going to make one more comment and that is this, that we are working with our existing customers and we're very aggressively working with potential customers to be their supplier. And as you mentioned, we have made quite a few investments in that business. We believe that we're very well prepared. The feedback we're getting from our customers and our potential customers are that they also believe we are well prepared to meet their needs in the future. If there's no other questions, I'll make a few closing comments. First of all, I'd like to thank you all for your interest in Nucor. It's always appreciated. Ham, I'd like to take this opportunity to again thank you for all that you have contributed to Nucor and to the Nucor family. So thank you very much for 37 years of outstanding service. And thank you to all of our teammates. Thank you for what you do every day for Nucor, and thank you, most importantly, for doing it safely. Thanks again. Have a great day.
James D. Frias: First of all, I think you're comparing the first quarter to the last quarter when you talk about volumes being flat because versus last year, they're down. And then you're looking at profits from last year. Am I mistaken or I misunderstand your question? I think...
James D. Frias: I didn't think metal margins were flat from last year's first quarter. I don't have that in my fingertips but I thought they were down.
James D. Frias: Yes, one other thing is I've believe the capital projects we have for SBQ, there's a mix of them. The ones we're doing initially are geared more towards moving up the value-added chains. The ones that add capacity will be later in the sequence of capital projects in SBQ for us.
James D. Frias: Yes, this is Jim Frias. The business unit is forecasting making money in the fourth quarter, and we expect free operating and start-up costs to go up by about $4 million in the third quarter related to ramping up employment at that facility.
James D. Frias: It is captured in the growth CapEx. We haven't disclosed how it ramps up in the coming years. You can get an idea by looking at the 10-K filing. The contractual obligations table has a separate line for EnCana investments -- or excuse me, for our natural gas investments.
James D. Frias: Yes, it's probably the $8 million to $10 million range in terms of vision contribution, which means around close to $0.02 per share.
