Leon Topalian: Okay, Sathish. I'll start this off and maybe Jim or Rex Query, EVP over our sheet group, can touch on the Gallatin expansion. Look, number one, to begin with, as we mentioned in Jim's comments that we do expect primarily because of sheet pricing, our steel mills segment to be a little off in terms of profitability. But it's important to remember as well that's coming off a historic year. And in particular, if we think about our sheet group and their performance, the sheet group set a record in terms of shipments at over 11 million tons, generated over $6 billion in EBITDA performance. And if you think about Nucor's 55% return on equity, a large piece of that was attributable because of the sheet group. And so as we move forward, the short-term inflection that we're seeing both in pricing as well as some of the volumes we think are a short-term factor. They're based on imports and obviously, what we saw in the third quarter in terms of buying patterns where the spread between HRC, domestically and internationally, was at an all-time high. We had -- the industry really catch up in terms of order entry rates and deliveries. So, the supply chain got full, very quickly, and maybe even some overbuying. And then couple that with the supply chain constraints, labor constraints and the Omicron variant raging all created for a little bit of a perfect storm here in the fourth quarter heading into early part of 2022. But again, the outlook and the demand picture across every end market that Nucor serves remains very robust. And again, we think this is going to work through the inventory rebalancing and position us well as we move forward.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Thanks again. Stay tuned in the coming days, we will announce as we think about our portfolio and our weighting, particularly around sheet, moving up the value chain and expanding our offering in galvanized and painting. Again, in the coming days, you'll see another announcement we're very excited about that. We'll continue to move us in that direction and again, providing a better rounding out of that value added in our sheet products businesses.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Thanks, Emily. I'm going to turn this one to Rex Query, our EVP of our Sheet and Tubular, who's over at the Hannibal Industries, and then maybe Chad touched on our CENTRIA and Metl-Span.
Leon Topalian: Thank you, Chad. And I'll just close and saying, hey, we welcome the Hannibal team and insulated metal panel team to the Nucor family. And again, excited about the opportunities of those businesses will bring in the years to come.
Leon Topalian: Yes, great question, Seth. I'm going to kick that to Al Behr, our EVP of our Plate and Structural Group now.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Thanks, Seth. And we're excited about Econiq. Again, this, again, more recent transformation over the last two, three, four years, and moving into a much more sustainable place, Nucor is, again, I think, been ahead of the curve. We've done things that many in our industry have not. We've got two virtual power purchase agreements today that because of our balance sheet allow us to be able to do those things. We're starting out with a carbon intensity that is 3x or 4x lower than some of our integrated competitors. So we begin from a platform of great strength and again, a commitment to be even stronger and even cleaner. So we've announced a 35% reduction target by 2030. That will bring us to about a 0.37, 0.38 tons of CO2 per ton of steel produced, which, again, in the world, numbers is incredibly low. So it enables Nucor to offer what we did to General Motors a few weeks ago in the first coil of net zero steel to their factory. That being said, what I would tell you, again, in the two -- just over two years I've been CEO, that demand picture is changing markedly, literally day-to-day. So it's not just the major OEMs in automotive now that are asking for it. We're seeing many of our construction, many of our OEM partners outside of automotive that are beginning to ask for this. And so I'm not going to detail out what the value is. I would tell you that, that value increases as we move forward because many of our end customers cannot achieve their end stated goals of their carbon footprint reduction targets without an incoming steel that is significantly lower than most of the world averages. So what I would tell you is there is value there today. Make no mistake. That value will continue to increase. And we'll see how that moves through over the next 8, 10, 12 and 24 months in terms of the amount of steel that Nucor participates in and how fast we escalate that, but we kind of control that. We have the opportunity to continue to enhance that and do what's required to meet that demand picture.
Leon Topalian: Got it. Yes. Look, Michael, I would tell you, I think the overall trend is, you're going to see that gap shrink. We saw, obviously, a huge spike of imports coming in mainly from Canada and Mexico. Predominantly hot band is what we saw with CRU's numbers out yesterday. Those numbers are correcting. And so, I think you're going to see a a closer level set to norm. But what's norm, right? Coming off a historic year like we had in '21, I think there's three things that Nucor has touched on over really the last year. If you look at our industry over the last 12 or 18 to 24 months, there's been significant shift in consolidation, rationalization and trade. If you think about just five years, six years ago, we had about 55 cases that were won in carbon steel. Today, that's over 110. The trade case is different, but obviously, the door opened up with the massive spread. So while I think there's some correction, I also think the industry has moved as well as Nucor in terms of creating higher highs and higher lows that will continue to move forward. In terms of the overall where that ends up, I'm not going to speculate. I would tell you that the healthy functioning market, it's going to find its equilibrium. And at the end of the day, supply and demand will always be the drivers to how we price our products.
Leon Topalian: Look, I can only speak to Nucor. And I would just tell you, Nucor has had a long history like 5.5 decades worth of reinvesting back into our mills so that as those mills generate the returns and the EBITDA and the margins, we make sure we reinvest for the long term in all of those assets. So the modernization that our acquisition of the Marion facility, our investment in Kankakee, our investments across the entire product portfolio has been significant in the billions and billions range. And so from a Nucor perspective, I would tell you not at all. Some of our oldest mills are the highest generating returns that we have in our entire portfolio, and it's because we do a great job of reinvesting our teams do an amazing job of keeping the maintenance enough to keep and staying on the latest trends for the improvements in technology to implement, to ensure not only the safest delivery of that steel, but also the lowest cost output to those steel products for our customers.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. As we conclude our call today, I just want to thank the entire Nucor family, for delivering the safest year in our history and the most profitable year in our history. Thank you. And I look forward to continuing the exceptional performance across all of our businesses in 2022. To our customers, thank you for the trust and the partnership as we continue to build the capabilities required to differentiate Nucor as the supplier of choice. And finally, to our shareholders, we're proud of the record returns provided in 2021. However, we're not resting on our past performance. The Nucor team is focused on maximizing our profitability and continuing to be great stewards of the valuable shareholder capital you entrust us with. Thank you, and have a great day.
Rex Query: Yes, just some additional detail on Gallatin. As far as the outage we had, we're on target coming up. The expectation, as Jim mentioned, approximately 800,000 tons additional for the year. We'll measure that ramp-up during the first quarter with what we see on demand. There's no need to ramp that up any quicker than we need. Full -- there's additional work to be done, which is part of the plan. So in March, we'll commission the EAF, LMF and the caster. And by the end of March, we'll be capable of full production at that point with a wider strip and a thicker slab. But we're going to keep an eye on the market and really measure that ramp-up as we see what market conditions are doing at Gallatin.
Rex Query: Emily, thanks for the question. Hannibal Industries, our first step into the racking side. And obviously, we look for companies that are successful is our first approach for Nucor. Hannibal has been very successful, but also just a cultural fit in the first place. So integration to us, we look at that leadership and if an existing company and we evaluate that fit as well. And so that's what we found in Hannibal. They have a couple of operations, California, Houston, the leadership we've had there, really just spectacular fitting well with our company. We hired a -- or shifted a General Manager, existing General Manager of Nucor over that business. But we're really pulling that group in to get them to understand Nucor, integrate in, look at our production bonus system and how we incorporate that. But it's very much step in, learn as much about their business as well. I'll also comment on Hannibal and the racking, that leadership team, and that includes the existing there and the ones we've added from Nucor. They're tasked with growing that business. So we're already evaluating acquisition potential, greenfield potential in the racking business. So we stepped into that business for the purposes of growing and growing further geographically and expanding our capabilities there.
Rex Query: Yes, Timna, thanks for the question. Regarding the visibility, we have good visibility. I mean we talk with our customers weekly. And with the correction that we're seeing right now on the sheet side with what you see in some of the pricing, what led up to that is we entered 2020 with COVID, and things started to contract and shut down. And 2021 was the recovery, so to speak, from that standpoint. So you saw demand increase considerably pricing runoff. That's an opportunity as that demand is increasing for some import to come in. And that's what we've seen as we come in late in the year and we see some of that correction occurring. But the thing we keep hearing right now is this is short-term temporal correction in the underlying demand, much like Al mentioned in those sectors. Those are key sectors, the automotive sector that Jim Frias mentioned as well. What we hear from our customers is they do expect 2022 overall to be a fairly strong year from demand. So that's what we hear from our customers. We see this temporal correction. And as Leon just stated about Gallatin, it's really an opportunity as we're getting some work done there. That team has been in a construction mode for quite some time now. So we're able to ramp that up as we see fit. And so what will we be looking for? We're going to be looking for that demand. It's not a price standpoint. It's the demand we're going to make sure we take care of and service our customers.
Rex Query: Yes. I'll finish up on the Hickman galv line. Really, just pleased with what's occurred there, the start-up of that. It's going to be an automotive capable and focused galv line with the additional or the extra high strength. So, we'll be able to feed into that. So that's a step for sure into that. And the new Midwest mill, as Leon mentioned. Automotive is going to be a significant portion of what we look for in that business for that. So you'll see that growth occurring. On the contract side, we're contract season, I would say was what we expected, we had going into it some strength in the marketplace from a demand standpoint. So, the things from great extra, some of those things, but we're discuss with our customers, but at the same time, you got to look at the total package, if you will, of what they see as value. So it's more than just what those pieces are. It's price, but it's delivery, it's service. So our contract season for us, we finished very typical with what we target for contract percents, both on the service center side as well as overall. So, we're in the 80% range and overall target for us. So fairly typical from a volume standpoint as we finish up contract season for heading into 2022.
Rex Query: Yes. In fact, I would tell you, we had more requests for increased volume. So I've seen some of the information of not running in their contracts, those types of things. We did not experience that as a company. In fact, it was the other way around. We performed in a really tight market for our customers, and we had the interest in renewing contracts. That's what we saw for this season.
