Leon Topalian: Good afternoon and welcome to our first -- Thank you, Jim. Before we move to Q&A, let me just comment on the substantial charges we took related to our Duferdofin investment during the quarter. We acquired our 50% interest in Duferdofin-Nucor during the summer of 2008. Soon after the transaction closed we were faced with a dramatic shift in the regional economic outlook and the scope and severity of the global financial crisis became clear. We, our partners, and the Duferdofin teammates quickly turned to the task of positioning the business for sustainable success in a new environment. Over the years Duferdofin has made considerable progress at enhancing its capabilities and improving its efficiencies. But even as great strides were made within the business the regional economic environment has only become more challenging. With the advent of the coronavirus pandemic with particular severity in Northern Italy and some further changes in regional market dynamics, it's become clear to us that the investment was worth substantially less than its carrying value on our balance sheet. Operator we're now ready to take your questions.
Leon Topalian: Chris, as we looked at construction, it's sort of a dichotomy in today's pandemic. And so what I would tell you is, I'm incredibly proud of our Vulcraft/Verco and Building systems teams all of which have set record profitability in the first quarter. But as we moved into Q2, their backlogs continue to grow and so there's a lot of resiliency in this market. And so, we're optimistic, but also looking to be very deliberate in how we spend, and as Jim mentioned, our flexibility towards capital allocation as we move forward. But that is the area that has shown great resiliency as we move through this current climate.
Leon Topalian: Okay, David. Thank you. I'll begin and Jim maybe some commentary at the end. So as we look at the projects that we've talked about for probably the last 18 months around that $3.5 billion of investment all of the long products, the micro mills in both Sedalia, which is running, Frostproof are going to move forward. The bar mill expansion, as Jim mentioned in his comments, in Kankakee is moving forward and now beginning to commission. Our Marion upgrades are up and running. So really the pause that we're taking on capital expenditures come both in Brandenburg and the plate mill as well as the Gallatin expansion. And both of those are a pause in timing, not strategy. We are very committed to producing plate and believe we're going to have a differentiated product offering in both Brandenburg and Gallatin and offering things that no other EAF producer can currently offer. So as we move forward, as Jim mentioned, it's too early to view the -- to any one landscape, but those projects will come back. It's just a matter of timing and when we execute them.
Leon Topalian: David, I'll begin with the latter question first and maybe Jim can comment to the specific or not. But as we think about Brandenburg as well as Gallatin, one of the things right now is, really too early to predict when we'd start back. What I would tell you in Brandenburg's case, the engineering is going to continue moving forward. And so, even if we pause for three or four months, that really won't have a material impact on the start-up because we'll be able to make that up as we move through construction, because quite frankly, our engineering will be that much further along. So, it really is a dependent factor on when do we unpause and when do we continue to move forward. And so, a little early to tell but we'll have more color on that in clarity as we move into the quarter.
Leon Topalian: Look, we haven't revised that yet David again quite frankly because we just don't know how long that pause may be. It could be another month and we're executing and we didn't delay it all. But we'll have to just wait and see as we assess the length and the depth of this pandemic and oil crisis.
Leon Topalian: Sure. Thanks, Timna. And as we look at it yes, the flat side of our business particularly the hot band has probably been impacted along with the engineered bar for the oil and gas segment. So those are the two areas of our business portfolio that have probably been the most impacted. As we think about the longs and construction segments those continue to run in fairly high utilization rate 75-plus in some areas and even stronger in some others. And so but even as we think about the sheet side our value-added product in the cold-rolled and galv are at 80% or better in most of our plants and some running near capacity. So again, it's a little bit of a mixed bag, but overall the automotive and engineered bar would be the most directly impacted for us.
Leon Topalian: Yes. I'll begin and maybe ask Jim to think through some of the tail-end of your question regarding the SG&A. But Timna, I want to make sure we're very clear. There's no Pollyanna-esque about our approach and where we see the markets today. The pandemic facing our lives is bigger than just our industry and steel. It's affecting the global markets worldwide. It's affecting families and businesses, small and big. And so part of the reason you've heard us take a very deliberate moves and pausing Brandenburg, which again strategically makes all the sense in the world and we will move forward on is to really understand just how significant and how long this pandemic and oil crisis may stay with us. And so when Jim alluded to a comprehensive review of every project, we've looked across the spectrum of the enterprise on every capital dollar being spent to maximize our financial levers and the liquidity position as we move forward. Jim, any specifics on the...
Leon Topalian: Yeah. Andrew, I'd love to tell you I have a really great picture of clarity. And as you watch every analyst today and yesterday and probably tomorrow about what the oil prices will be in a month. It's really anybody's guess. What I would tell you of the certainties the things that, I do know, Nucor has broad product offering enables Nucor to thrive in the businesses that we're very strong in the construction side of our businesses. We're not overly weighted to oil and gas. About 10% of our overall product is into the direct oil and gas business. And so while it's certainly been a dramatic hit in the length of time we're going to see that impact and how long it takes to fully recover, I don't want to be -- even begin to speculate. But what I do know is our teams are incredibly ingenious in how they continue to operate their mills. And serve the customers in the sectors that are still doing well in the HVAC ag heavy equipment other sectors that we continue to supply direct business as well as our service centers in.
Leon Topalian: Yeah. Look I think it's both. I like my predecessors with John Ferriola and Dan are going to be a tireless advocate for fair trade in the United States, but it's bigger than that. One of the things that the global overdependence of the supply chain into China has done to the American people is it's opened our eyes not just in manufacturing and steel but in pharma our overdependence in medical devices and PPE and equipment. It is time for our nation to be a nation that builds and makes things in the United States again. And quite frankly with more than 25 million Americans out of work today, a strong $1 trillion, $1.5 trillion, $2 trillion infrastructure bill will put hundreds of thousands if not millions of American workers back to work. It is something we need in this country desperately Phil.
Leon Topalian: Yeah. Look, short answer is yes. It is allowing us to do some of those things. The team at our Hickman facility has done an amazing job of bringing that cold mill complex up and online. We're continuing to progress the galvanizing line that again will be the first EAF producer to produce a generation three steel for the auto industry. The fact that we serve all the major OEMs as a Tier 1 direct supplier gives us great access so those trials are ongoing. I couldn't be more excited and optimistic about the work that our team has done in positioning Nucor for the future supplier of choice in that sector.
Leon Topalian: I'd be remiss in not taking a moment to thank Ladd Hall for his nearly 40 years of service to Nucor. Ladd on behalf of the 27,000 men women of Nucor, we would like to thank you Sally and your entire family for your dedication, service and sacrifice to our company. And while our nation faces this crisis and times of uncertainty, there are a number of things that our investors, customers and team can be certain about: Nucor has the greatest manufacturing team assembled anywhere in the world, and we have the financial strength and discipline not just to survive this crisis but thrive coming out of it, allowing Nucor to steward our valuable shareholder capital and to serve our customers as the North American supplier of choice. Thank you for your interest in our company.
Chris Terry: Hi guys and I hope you're safe and well. A couple of questions from me. Just wanted to start on the CapEx just high level. So, the reduction to less than $1.5 million this year does that mean 2021 and 2022 et cetera? The total $3.5 billion of growth opportunities that you were seeking is that still the number? So we should look at that as basically a deferral or have you changed the next few years as well? Thank you. That's my first question.
Chris Terry: Okay. And then just trying to square some of the cash items. I think you commented that you expect to still get over $1 billion in free cash flow. I wonder if you could comment on your cash tax rate which I think is quite a bit below your P&L tax rate and just some of the working capital improvements. I know you talked about 2009-2015, but just wondered if you could give some details behind the free cash flow number. Thanks.
Chris Terry: Yes, that's helpful. Thank you. And then the last one for me a number of companies have commented that non-res construction market is the one area of relative strength within the context of the demand for 2Q and heading forward. I just wonder, if you could comment on whether you believe that it's because there's a backlog, or because that industry will stay robust. Just hard to sort of differentiate between the three to four-month backlog that other companies have talked about? Thanks. 
Jim Frias: Yes, this is Jim Frias. I'll start with that question and Leon if you want to add something you can. But quite frankly, what we're doing is taking an approach that gives us flexibility. So, depending on what our outlook is as we progress through the year we may end up spending more than $2 billion next year or less than $2 billion next year. We have flexibility to choose how quickly we put things back up to full ramp in terms of those CapEx projects. So, in 2021 it's too early to call. We'll make a decision on that by the end of the year.
Jim Frias: Yes. David, if I could add to that. I would say that the other thing is there are a number of projects that are small that we never broadcast what they specifically are, that we are -- we're spending on where it makes sense. Some we're pouring out for long for its completion that it didn't make sense to stop them. Others were early days, where we could stop them without causing a disruptive effect on equipment suppliers, or on our divisions that were executing those projects. The other thing I'd say is that, with these bigger projects we are continuing to spend on things that we think are critical path items such as engineering and permitting, so that if there is some delay we can minimize that delay if we gain confidence and decide that we want to push and accelerate capital spending again, try and get these projects online sooner rather than later.
Jim Frias: Thanks. The other thing I'd say is, we don't really want to break down the detail of where the savings are coming from. But certainly Gallatin and as well as the plate mill in Brandenburg are big contributors to that reduction in CapEx.
Jim Frias: Yes. The internal tons consumed we think of that as an important strategic advantage our position there because roughly 20% of our steel typically goes into those downstream businesses. In 2019, that was roughly four million tons if we just count our holding and subsidiaries. If we include fuel technologies which we own half of it would have been 4.5 million tons in 2019. In the first quarter, just counting the Nucor wholly owned subs, it was 1.15 million tons. So again, a significant amount of the steel that we sell gets to go to businesses that we own and that's a key component. It will not change dramatically in the second quarter. We don't buy very much steel from outside sources. We pretty much self-supply wherever we can already. So, there's not going to be a shift in that mix as we go forward. And I can't remember the third part of your question.
Jim Frias: Yes. I think when you think about SG&A a big component of that is profit sharing and other incentive comp. And when we make less money we have less profit sharing and less incentive comp. Now as you may recall we went into 2009 with a significant overhang a very expensive figure. We're not carrying that load this time. So we're entering this down cycle with a better position in terms of the assets we're carrying in our balance sheet. And so profit sharing probably, won't go down by quite the same amount. Remember profit sharing is the bonus that goes to our employee global level of Vice President. The 10% of pre-tax profit is going to pool and get split amongst all those employees every year. But all of our incentive comp plans will be flexing down and that's where most of those savings will come. And the other thing is as we've sheltered in place across our company even though we're still operating. We are sheltering in place. We have most of our teammates work from home. We're not on the road of making the calls on customers or visiting vendors or doing a lot of the activities that we normally do. So a lot of our SG&A spending will come down too. I don't have a hard number to give you but we are being very thoughtful about saying, okay, let's reduce spending everywhere. Our maintenance teams are doing everything they can to reduce our reliance on contractors as an example of one of the places we're trying to reduce spending. And that's not SG&A that's an operating expense. But we're looking to reduce spending wherever it makes sense in a way that doesn't hurt the business. But at the core of Nucor's philosophy and culture is to value the team. We're not laying off the Nucor teammates at our stables, our fab businesses. That's not part of how we're saving costs.
Jim Frias: Yeah. Let me add to that Leon with just an idea from our cost perspective. Oil itself is not a primary cost driver for Nucor. Our biggest cost is raw materials. Our next biggest cost is energy. But that's mostly electricity. Obviously, we have a lot of mobile equipment. And we have an overworked fleet at some of our businesses that delivers product to our customers. But oil gasoline diesel fuel costs, they're not insignificant if you just think about that number. But as a percentage of overall costs they're fairly insignificant. And we don't hedge those excuse me I meant to mention that as well.
Phil Gibbs: Just a question on the raw materials side, one what's the May outlook for scrap as of right now best you can tell? And then secondarily when should we expect your DRI operations to begin production? I know Trinidad was shut down and there was press about Louisiana being shut down as well.
Phil Gibbs: And Leon, the comments that you made on infrastructure, specifically in your prepared remarks, is that something that you're advocating as a good idea just because obviously it would benefit the steel industry, or is that something you feel like is gaining support for some eventual outcome in the next 12 months? Because obviously this can has been kicked for a couple of decades.
Phil Gibbs: I appreciate that. And then lastly, I think you also mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're taking some time at Hickman to progress on advanced high-strength steels with your customers. Is this downturn specifically allowing you to accelerate those efforts? And trying to just gauge how that's being received and when we might be able to see some commercial success. Thanks.
