Jim Frias: Yeah. Thanks, Leon. We have an active risk management team that looks at commercial risk over price risk, especially related to energy and natural gas. And we do have hedges in place to cover our gas consumption that cover about 40% of our total gas consumption as a Company going out into 2023 right now. So, we're seeing some inflation obviously with gas costs, but a lot of it's being offset by the hedges that we have in place.
Jim Frias: Yes. Thank you, Leon. First of all, let me use some data on what inter-Company elims have been in each quarter this year. There were about 183.6 million in the first quarter, 148.7 million in the second quarter, and they jumped to 268 million in the third quarter. And so, let's talk about why they jump by such large amount. Our normal amount of interCompany steel inventory, and I'm talking about finished steel products have been sold to a downstream business go a sister division that needs that steel for some purpose. It's normally around 1.3 million tons. It goes up and down from time-to-time. And this year, because of the strong demand market that has trended down, in fact, at the end of the second quarter that was down to 1.076 million tons. So down more than 200,000 tons of what we would consider a normal level. And in the third quarter, that inventory came up a little bit. It's now at the end of the third quarter, 1.14 million tons. So went up by roughly 65 -- or around 60,000 tons and most of that happened in September and we didn't forecast it. And the margins on that inventory were very large and so it caused us to miss our earnings by about -- our pre -tax earnings by about $64 million. That was the impact within our forecast equivalent of $0.16 per share. So, it's -- we view it as not something we would call out because it was a onetime item that's tied to an operational issue. It's an interCompany accounting thing that happens, we have so much vertical integration. We view the fact that over 20% of our steel is consumed by in-house customers as a strategic advantage that's important to our business. And so, in the quarter and in specifically in September, the inventory they required, we had them a little hand-to-mouth. Wasn't enough and we stepped it up a little in September and we -- you don't have a way to see that incorporate. You only have so many businesses that makes steel and sell it to the internal customers, there's still way for us to measure that on a timely basis until we close the books at the end of the quarter. And that was what happened.
Jim Frias: This is Jim Frias. Thank you for clarifying the question. It really wasn't much of an inventory building I talked about the either Company inventories. They only went up by tens of thousands of tons and scrap didn't go up much, finished goods, so it was really a valuation issue. The value of inventories went up significantly in our portfolio, as well as the evaluation of receivables, they both went up. Besides price per ton, we're still collecting receivables in 30 days essentially and the value of each tons that customer owed us for went up. And so, we used about $1.2 billion between inventory receivables net of payables in cash in Q3. So, as we think about Q4, we think there could be some margin expansion, but not at the same rate that we've achieved in the third quarter. So, we think working capital's use of cash should be down dramatically. We're not going to forecast a number but it won't be nearly at that $1.2 billion level.
Jim Frias: We don't have -- this is Jim Frias won't have our final budget in yet. But give you some color around the bigger projects that are wrapping up this year and next year. So, when we flipped to my document that has an information. Yes. For Brandenburg, in the fourth quarter we think that cap spending there is going to be in the neighborhood of 250 million to 70 million somewhere in that range. And then next year we'll be in the 800 million to 900 million range. For the galvanizing line at Arkansas, roughly five I was 6 million in the fourth quarter and it's going to start up in the fourth quarter, but there's always carryover expenses because of the when the timing of when bills come in. So probably another 5 million next year in the first quarter. Gallatin will probably spend in the high 80 million range in the fourth quarter and there's probably be carryover in the low-to-mid 20s into next year. And those are the bigger items. So, we don't have a formal budget yet. We have to go for the Board in December with our capital plan and have them improve it. So wouldn't be appropriate for us to give up a total number for next year, but I don't think it's going to be dynamically different than our spending level this year is going to be in the range of what we're doing in this year.
Jim Frias: I'll do the first half, Leon and if you could -- you or Dave can talk about the new mill's ramp for Capex. So, we think of maintenance Capex is being in the neighborhood of 500 million per year, so that's first half.
Leon Topalian: Yeah. Let me be clear. We didn't miss our guidance because of shipments. We were down 4%, but largely from a shipment’s perspective, that was because of the outages we took across our Sheet Mill Group. We approximately took about a week down at each of our sheet mills and that equated to the shipments roughly that we were down. And as we think about performance, and again, think about the quarters' perspective, we think a better measure of how Nucor's performed against that is our operating cash flows. Year-to-date, we've generated $3.6 billion worth of cash in that time period. However, in the third quarter alone, we generated 1.8 billion of that. So nearly half of the overall year's earnings were accrued or accounted for in the last three months. So, in terms of our performance, the demand drivers driving our business, they remain very, very robust. The piece that we underestimated was the interCompany eliminations. With that, I'll turn it to Jim, let him take you through a little more color around that and how we accrued that or accounted for that.
Leon Topalian: Yeah, I'll kick us off Martin. then I'll turn it to Doug Jellison to give us some more details that are EVP of Raw Materials. It's something that goes back in a very long way of Nucor. That was a focus many, many years ago to begin to control more of our iron units and the build out obviously in Trinidad and then subsequently what we had built in our DRI facility in Louisiana gave us a significant amount of material that we could internally control and offset some of the different areas, whether it's pig iron and certainly with the DRI, we produced to balance that approach out. Over the years, we had some challenges as we started up that we're well documented on many of these calls. The performance of the team in Louisiana it's had has been exceptional since they're big outage in November or the 4th quarter of '19. Their reliability has come up significantly. But Doug, I want you to speak more specifically about how we look at Prime with those balances for Nucor in our mix and some of the things that we're looking at moving forward.
Leon Topalian: Martin, what -- there's certainly going to be increased pressure on Prime without a doubt. As Nucor and others move up the value chain as we make more demanding applications. But at the end of the day and correct me if I'm wrong, roughly about 25% of our mix and our sheet mills is Prime scrap. So, it's not a commodity that were involved into at 40%, 50%, 60% of the mix that we need. So, with what Doug mentioned in the David Joseph Company, we've been building relationships in this market and it's again a commodity driven product where we're going to pay which required, but what's the governor we believe the DRI actually keeps a level set between prime and obsolete grades, but will that increase? Yes, we do think it will increase, but we feel incredibly good and well positioned with what we've done, what we are currently doing in the mix that are in our mills today and what Doug mentioned, rationalizing that because we generate the DRI. It offsets other usage, but some of the mills that are using DRI today don't need that for the end-use customer requirements. We're going to shift those mixes. So again, as we build this new sheet mill, we feel very well positioned to be able to get the mix that we need, to make the grades that we want as we move into the highest applications and automotive in the other markets.
Leon Topalian: Actually, Martin, I think the timing is reversed and we actually looked at building two blast furnaces at the Louisiana site first and then shifted to the DRI. I would tell you at this point there is zero chance Nucor is going to build a blast furnace. However, to your comment around hydrogen whether it's here to sequestration that we're evaluating, whether it's hydrogen reforming and its cost impact to the business. We have a team that's under Doug Jellison’s Group, technically that are following and tracking dozens of technologies and some that we're going to invest, some we're going to explore further. But we're going to stay very close to making sure that Nucor's on the cutting edge of steel making move to a more sustainable future. And again, a big part of that for us was our launch of Econiq, offering net-zero steel today to our customers, particularly in automotive and the relationship with General Motors being the first customer. But since that announcement, the interest in inquiry and demand for that product and that family of products, it's been significant.
Leon Topalian: Let me start at the macro and Jim, please jump in. As we think about Nucor as a growth Company, we're going to continue to grow. Our mission statement, I've shared several times is 8 words: it's grown the core, expand beyond, and live our culture. And so, we're going to look for those organic growth projects like our announcement of building a sheet mill in the Midwest. We're going to look to continue the things in completing Brandenburg and we're so excited about both those projects and Brandenburg coming online late next year. So, we're going to continue to look at those as well as continue to look at what are the one standard deviation removed and that expanding that give us a differentiated position. So, the acquisitions of insulated metal panel building business instantly gave us a market leadership position in nearly half -- or over half of the insulated pedal market today. And that's the growth market. As we think about Hannibal in the racking industry, the digital economy and green economy will be built with steel. Those are growing, those are not under the steel type of cyclicality. The focus on data storage and warehousing cold storage is significant growth as we move forward. So, you're going to see Nucor continue to focus on those areas. I can't get into detail, but I would tell you that there are many irons still in the fires for Nucor to continue to grow based on a very deliberate, market-driven approach, where we believe our culture can bring significantly above our cost of capital returns.
Leon Topalian: Yeah, I certainly will. Actually, I'll ask Chad Utermark, who's over our Fabrication products since -- to share some detail there.
Leon Topalian: Yeah, Carlos, maybe I'll kick us off on your latter question around what we're seeing in terms of market and then Doug maybe can address your initial question on Prime and the other grades. Look, there are certain segments within Nucor. Nucor has the widest product offering of any steel Company in North America. Our ability to serve end-use markets from automotive, Ag, heavy equipment, renewable sectors, the digital economy, the HVAC construction arena, provide a unique insight and obviously backdrop to what is happening. As Chad mentioned, as we think about half of our products move into the construction arena. The robust demand there, as Chad mentioned, is seen well out into 2022. So, we see no slowing there at all. If we're seeing some slowness, it's from two markets really that I'll touch on. One is automotive. The chip shortages are certainly well-documented, something that people are very familiar with, but with that come some unique opportunities. Obviously, Nucor's not heavily laden automotive today, we're at 78% of our overall mix, 1.5 million -- 1.6 million tons that move into the automotive markets and that's going to increase. We want to double that over the next 2 to 3 years. And when the chip shortage ends and subsides, the pent-up demand in disposable income by consumers in the United States I think is going to be a boon for the auto industry, but also for companies like Nucor that continued to supply into that. So, I think there is going to be some or is some elasticity that we're seeing but I think it's not demand-driven. We see it more from a rebounding in supply chain issues and constraints, the other is in some of the construction. While again, the demand is strong, we're seeing some jobs sites that are slowing because there are having trouble, their end customers are getting having issues, getting their needs from overseas if they're requiring chemicals or overseas parts and deliveries that are being held up in waterways or finding trucks and then getting containers across, across the ocean. So, there are pieces of that that I think are going to create some softening in that. But again, overall, we see the fourth quarter being very robust and again, potentially eclipsing the Q3 record, we'll wait obviously to see the results of that, but we anticipate that it could be as strong or slightly stronger. Doug maybe just touching on this opening question around prime.
Leon Topalian: Tristan, you look -- let me just give -- make sure I have them clear on the initial part of the question around working capital, was it wanting to understand the Q3 performance or? I'm not sure I caught the gist of what you were trying to get.
Leon Topalian: Yes, to the above, Tristan. So yes, to both pieces of your question. Yes, there is value-added. Nucor's capability to be able to do this provides a differentiated value proposition as -- as announced, and again, we're so excited with the partnership with General Motors, but we're also excited about the other interest in the companies that we're working with beyond, not just within the auto sector in other companies, but much wider. So, the market acceptance for that is going to be significant and it's also going to be quick. But the other piece of that is we think about volumes. I'm not going to state exactly what our volumes are. What I would tell you is when we say at that scale, we're not talking insignificant tonnages, we're talking very significant tonnages that Nucor's going to supply into the Econiq family. And so, yeah, just stay tuned because that's going to ramp up very quickly.
Leon Topalian: Yes, absolutely. And then again, I'm not going to give you specific numbers, but I would tell you that opportunity is ramping up very, very quickly and again, our team has done an amazing job of building the relationships with the major OEMs in this nation. We're excited about the opportunities that -- to serve that market. And at the end of the day, the Econiq family in providing a net-zero steel is going to be a piece of the automakers commitments in providing a net-zero output. So, in order for them to reach their goals, they've got to start with a net-zero steel. We believe we have a differentiated value proposition to offer those steels today unlike any other producer. So yeah, we're very excited about that. Our market share is growing. And again, part of the new mills focus is to move and continue up that value chain. The mill that's being built there is differentiated. It will not be what we've built in the past. It will provide significant quality and advanced high-strength steel capabilities that match and mirror very, very nicely with the lowest carbon footprint anywhere in the world. So, we're, again, tremendously excited about that and the relationship that Nucor's built. We are the only EEF producer ever to receive a GM Supplier of the Year award. We've now done that back to back-to-back years, 3 years in a row and so again, it's been a lot of years at Nucor's worked very hard, but the fruits of that work and the relationships that are built are paid dividends.
Leon Topalian: Yeah. I'll switch over to Rex Query who is our EVP of Sheet and Tubular. Rex, maybe just him a little bit of color as we think about that broadly and then specifically as we think about the startup of our Gallatin project.
Leon Topalian: What's Maybe just a little bit of color or maybe more than you asked for David, but. As we think about the new mill, next step for us is to finalize site selection, which we anticipate by year's end. Really, as we think about Capex ramp up, really don't see much of anything materially. In 2022, the start of that will be probably midyear of 23, well into '24 and maybe early '25.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, you've framed the issue very well and it is a certainly a concern. Look, what I would tell you is absolutely there's been conversations, we're going to continue to work with the administration in Washington Secretary Ormando and Katherine Ty the USTR have done a great job, they know the market, they know the industry very, very well and again, I think a piece of this Andrew is already in the works now with what's being conducted with Europe. And so, we think that's going to move away, obviously from 232 and what the final outcome looks like whether it's a tariff rate quarter. But we'll wait and see, but as you mentioned, as we think about the environmental advantage, there is a huge piece of recognizing both in Congress as well as the American consumer, that when we think about a green economy, as we think about renewable, it should be very important to the members of the House consented that those renewable energy projects are not built with the dirtier steals from overseas in the world, but are built with the most sustainable, cleanest Steel and steel companies found here in the United States, like Nucor and other EAF producers, there is a significant advantage. And so, if that happens, Nucor's also provided our commentary and analysis on what an order adjustment tax must include because it is not apples-to-apples and that's Steel product. and so again, we're going to be very vocal. We're going to continue to advocate, but we do have a high regard for Secretary Ormando and Katherine Ty understanding there's issues in the new ounces and again, I can't tell you when but 232 will go away at some point, but it is a vehicle to bring other nations to the negotiating table to negotiate a better trade arrangement.
Leon Topalian: As we conclude our call today, I'd like to thank our Nucor teammates for their continued focus on the safety, health, and well-being of the entire Nucor family to our customers. Thank you for the trust that you placed in the Nucor team with every order, we will work hard each day to earn your business and provide you with the products and solutions that enable you to achieve your goals and finally, to our shareholders, we take seriously the stewardship of the valuable shareholder capitol you entrust our Company with. Nucor is extremely excited about our future and the returns we will continue to generate. Thank you and have a great day.
