James Frias: Thanks, Leon. Nucor reported third quarter of 2019 earnings of $0.90 per diluted share. These results exceeded our guidance range of $0.75 to $0.80 due to better-than-expected performance at our sheet and bar steel mills as well as from several steel products businesses, most notably joist, deck and building systems. It's worth noting that both our joist and deck business and our metal buildings business are on pace for a record year in 2019. Both of these business groups are benefiting from lower steel prices and excellent commercial execution. The metal buildings business is also benefiting from a restructuring that is realign capacity and reduced fixed costs. Earnings from our steel mills segment were lower than the second quarter due to declining metal margins. Sheet and plate products experienced the greatest pricing pressure, as customer destocking continued in the third quarter. Total steel mills shipments in the third quarter were comparable to the second quarter. Steel mills shipments to internal customers represented 21% of total steel mills shipments in the third quarter, an increase from 19% in the second quarter. Nucor's downstream channels to market strategy remains a key competitive strength of our company. Earnings from our steel products segment improved compared to the second quarter of this year and to the year ago third quarter. Non-residential construction market conditions remain positive. Our businesses appear to have benefited from both the recovery from weather-related disruptions earlier in the year and seasonally stronger construction months. Results from our raw materials segment decreased compared to the second quarter due to further margin compression at our direct reduced iron or DRI operations. In addition, our Louisiana DRI facility began its planned outage in early September, and that is expected to continue until mid-November. Our third quarter results included roughly $28 million of pre-operating and start-up costs related to strategic investment projects, compared with approximately $21 million in the second quarter of 2019 and approximately $11 million in the year ago quarter. First nine months of 2019 cash provided from operations was approximately $2.1 billion, up from about $1.9 billion for the year-ago period. Nucor continues to benefit from its highly variable cost structure, accounts receivable, payables and inventory were a source of approximately $500 million during the first nine months of 2019, reflecting consistent working capital management in a declining steel pricing environment. Capital expenditures totaled $985 million through the first nine months of 2019. Our full year 2019 capital spending budget is now approximately $1.5 billion, a decrease from our prior forecast of $1.8 billion. This change reflects the timing of expected outlays over the balance of this year. Cash returned to shareholders during the first nine months of 2019 totaled $567 million. We paid dividends of $369 million and stock repurchases totaled $198 million. Thus far in 2019, we have returned 49% of our net income to our shareholders, while also investing for long-term profitable growth. Nucor's financial condition remains strong. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and short-term investments. With total debt outstanding of approximately $4.3 billion, our gross debt to capital ratio was 28% at the end of the third quarter. Our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility remains undrawn and does not mature until April 2023. Our next material debt maturity is in 2022 for approximately $600 million. Now turning to the outlook. Nucor's earnings in the fourth quarter of 2019 are expected to be lower than the third quarter. While non-residential construction markets remain broadly stable and healthy, manufacturing sector activity has slowed down. We expect earnings in the steel mills segment to further decrease from the third quarter due to the impact of lower steel prices at the end of the third quarter, which will be realized in the fourth quarter shipments. We believe steel prices have bottomed. The profitability of the steel products segment is expected to decrease slightly due to normal year-end seasonality. The performance of our raw materials segment is expected to decline in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter due to the impact of our Louisiana DRI plant's outage continuing until mid-November, as well as further margin pressure throughout our raw materials businesses. Thank you for your interest in our company. I will now turn the call back over to John.
James Frias: And John, one other point I'd add and Hunter, you asked about the trends in beams, one of the things I would share with you is, being a market leader in beams, we've -- it's been one of our most profitable groups and as you've seen and that we've reported, while the utilization rates are in that 65 to 70 range, because of our market leadership position, we've been able to maintain a very profitable position in this market and serve our customers' needs while continue to expand our products and our offerings like the grade 65 quench and temper beams to our construction -- customers and supply the needs that they're asking us for.
James Frias: Yes, thanks for that question. We've got a very intentional process for how we think about returning capital to investors as well as invest in our business, of course, our capital allocation. Mindset begins with the idea that we want to invest in strategic long-term growth and of course we do have a number of projects in our pipeline. And as you kind of noted, we're a little behind in terms of the spending on some of those capital projects, so that's resulted in us temporarily having more cash in the balance sheet. That's going to catch up pretty quickly over the next six to nine months and we're going to need that cash -- some of that cash to fund a lot of the capital projects that are in process. With separate from that, as we think about returning capital to investors, we begin with this idea that we want to return a minimum of 40% of our earnings and then we also want to maintain a debt to capital ratio that supports our strong investment grade credit rating. And in times when that debt-to-capital ratio becomes too low, we will return more like we did late last year when we have a view that we have depth of liquidity. And so it's possible, we'll do more before the end of the year, but it depends on our forecast of cash going into 2020, because working capital has benefited us to the tune of roughly $0.5 billion this year. If steel prices reverse and scrap prices reverse, we're going to need - we're going to have some use of cash in working capital next year. We definitely will see an acceleration in capital spending. So we're being thoughtful about not just where we stand with cash today, but where we expect cash to be through the next year.
James Frias: Yes, I'm going to answer two questions, one you're not asking, but it's sort of related. SG&A and marketing, admin is also dramatically lower. So the piece that's reflected in both places is incentive compensation. Incentive compensation in the quarter is about $88 million less this year than last year, year-to-date, it's about $140 million [ph] less. And that's affecting both the elims line and the marketing, admin and other line. So -- and that's just because we're making less money. The biggest piece of that profit sharing is what we set aside for employees below the level of Vice President. And then additionally, we have the profit elimination this year in the third quarter was a benefit of about $34 million, last year was an expense of about $67 million. So as margins and steel fall, we revalue that inventory. We can sometimes get a benefit from inter-company eliminations. So we got a benefit in the third quarter this year. Year-to-date, that benefit is about $91 million and last year, the expense was about $228 million. So, that's been a pretty severe swing as well. Those are the two biggest factors affecting the change in elims and the incentive comp is the biggest factor affecting SG&A.
James Frias: Yes. So we rely a lot on the divisions to help us forecast when CapEx is going to happen and there's a lot of variables go into spending money and capital project begins with permitting, there's an engineering design process, there is a quotation process, there is lead times and getting equipment delivered and there's installation until products are in weather effects thing. So until things are delivered, whether it's a service or product to the site, we can't actually count it as CapEx and pay for it. So some things happen behind what we hope to accomplish this year, but by and large, we still expect it to days we've committed to in terms of start with facilities. We're probably a little bit more concerned that our commitment for start-up dates than we are on the CapEx spending side. And yes, we will spend some money that we plan to spend this year, next year. So in January, we'll come out and give you a budget for 2020. But, I would expect it to be notably higher than what we're actually going to spend in 2019, partly because of the carryover from 2019.
James Frias: John, I agree with everything and the other thing I'd add, Timna just very briefly is, we understand our markets and where we serve them we listen to our customers and where they need us to be not just today, but for the long-term to provide a competitive differentiated value proposition and that's really where our investments and so to John's point if we got [indiscernible] by every shift in the market, I'm not sure, would be the industry leader in the steel making industry in North America than we are today.
James Frias: Phil, some comments on your questions on the timing of these things in terms of what's temporary, what's permanent. Obviously, we're going to get a cost benefit from these investments, we're taking a cost penalty in pre-operating startup costs in the third quarter related to these investments and that will be done after the fourth quarter. But the part we are - margins are compressed in both the DRI business and in the scrap business that's part of the cycle of the business when prices are low for iron -- for pig iron, we have to sell DRI to ourselves at a low price and if iron ore prices don't go down enough, it puts a squeeze in our margins. So that's a cyclical business, like all of our businesses, and right now, it feels like it set a bottom of the cycle and they need to get better.
John Ferriola: And maybe to just add that up, I’d like to say thank you to our team mates in all of those operations making changes like this. These are not easy to do and the support that we've got from our team mates in all of those operations is what resulted in the success that we've seen as we've made these business decisions. So thank you all for the hard work, thank you for your willingness to adjust to a changing marketplace and more to come.
John Ferriola: So as we turn over the New Year, we see business getting better across all of our products, as we said, I think Ted pointed out, we had records in many of our downstream businesses. We anticipate another strong year going into with our downstream business next year. We see improving conditions going into the new year in our steel products.
John Ferriola: The decision to split up more detail was just in response to quest for more information from investors and the breakdown of the other bucket, what's in the other bucket? Metal buildings is in the other bucket and faster is in the other bucket. Is Skyline…
John Ferriola: Yes, cold finished. So there is a few different businesses in the other buckets. We took the largest businesses and broken out.
John Ferriola: I believe the request by some investors came into some of these calls - it could have also been an offline discussion as well.
John Ferriola: I will start with the second question first. And just as a general statement, we feel that about two-thirds of the markets that we serve are either stable or growing somewhere around 60% to 65% of them, and that feels about right for us given the conditions out there in the economy. Your question about automotive, certainly, the automotive market has edged down forecasting somewhere around 16.8 - 16.9 [ph], I heard just the other day almost 17 [ph]. So it's down a little bit from last year for certain, but still 16.8, 16.9, those are pretty good numbers and the important I think -- important thing to note for us is that we continue to take a bigger share of that smaller pie. If you look at the tonnage that we sent into the automotive business this year compared to last year, we're up about 15% constant into automotive this year as compared to last year. So we continue to grow our market share and although the pie is shrinking, we continue to get a bigger piece of that smaller pie. We feel real good about where we are in automotive. We are confident that we'll continue to grow and we look at next year we are projecting for 2020 and 2021 even more tonnage going into those markets.
John Ferriola: Timna, I do want to make a comment about the second part of that question, I want to be really empathic about this, okay? Listen, we're not reacting to any changes in the market. We're in a cyclical business. We don't react. We don't change on our strategic plan based upon changes in the marketplace. In fact, if anything, we would just the opposite of what you say, we tend to invest more and will focus on growing our company during the downturns, that's always been our philosophy. We invest in the downturns, to come back into the upturn stronger when talk about having higher-highs and higher-lows. So I want to be really clear about this, there has nothing to do with the change in the market dynamics at this time. We don't react. Our strategic plan is built for the long-term. We don't react. Short-term changes in the market do not impact our strategic initiatives.
John Ferriola: And just build on that for a minute, Timna, but certainly if we didn't invest and grow our company during the last recession, we would not have seen the record year that we had in 2018. So it's the work that we do during those downturns that allow us to have the record years and we'll continue to do that.
John Ferriola: No, it has not. We made no commercial decision to change our sales or shipping strategy based upon the conditions in the market breaks, none at all. I want to be clear about that. We've talked a lot about the stocking and destocking that we've gone through and most of our discussions have focused on the service center industry. But bear in mind that across all of our products, we saw this issue of overstocking at the end of 2018, also in the downstream businesses, the downstream customers, you talk about on some of the flat products and on the plate products, some of our large equipment manufacturing customers, I don't want to name any of them specifically, but we know for a fact that their inventories are up, their inventories are up at their plant sites and the dealers and even in some absolutely storage location. So it's primarily - we still feel very strongly, primarily an issue of stocking and destocking. We think that if you look at pure demand, we think demand is solid and they would have down by about 3% or 4%. Certainly, the volumes have not reflect that. They are more significant in that. So, we still believe strongly that was looking at an issue of stocking and destocking that we continue to work our way through, we will come through this and we'll get back to more normalized inventory levels and more normalized booking and shipping levels.
John Ferriola: So a bunch of questions there. Okay. Let me start with the end and I'll work my way backwards the projects that our Louisiana plan, we will wrap up -- scheduled to wrap up on November 14. And we look like at this point, we believe we are on time. We believe we are on schedule and, excuse me, on budget. So things are looking pretty good at Louisiana. Just as a reminder, there was two major things that we're attacking three to altogether with two major ones. One is in the handling out, how we manage the feeding of the raw materials storage and feeding into the furnace and that's gone particularly well. We think that's going to have a major impact on the productivity of that operation and we also -- we placed the aligning in the vessel. And as you might recall, we had met numerous major problems with the process gas heater and of course, we have basically replacing the entire process gas heater with a design that we have a great deal of confidence in. All of these changes would not to increase the productivity, reduce our cost in that operation, it's called Project 8,000 for a reason. The reason being that we wanted to be able to get up to 8,000 hours of operation. We believe that we'll be able to accomplish that next year, if we do and let me rephrase that, when we do, we will have the result of about 2.2 metric tons production -- 2.2 million metric tons out of that operation, which would put it in terms of hours of operation on par with Trinidad facility, which did just under 8,000 hours of operation last year. So, I don't remember what was the total cost of the project that was combined…
John Ferriola: And remember, it’s kind of a hedge. This is kind of a good news/bad news thing when we talk about our raw material business struggling. What it means is, as Jim pointed out, it means that scrap is at a low level, pig iron is at a low level and we consume a tremendous amount of scrap and a tremendous amount of pig iron. So it's a good news/bad news situation, it's kind of when we built this, we talked about it being a hedging operation and build particularly to put -- to kind of help put a cap on the upward movement of scrap, particularly prime scrap during really good markets and we saw that happen in 2018 and accomplished what it was meant to accomplish in 2018.
John Ferriola: Thank you, Kathy. Before we end today's call, I'd like to take a few moments to thank you for your interest in our company. For the past seven years as CEO, I have truly enjoyed participating in these calls and I always enjoy talking about Nucor's successes. It's been a pleasure to have you all as an audience. Thank you. I also want to offer my appreciation to our investors for entrusting Nucor with your valuable capital and to our customers for entrusting us with your business. We truly appreciate the business you give to us. It's been a pleasure to work together with my team mates to serve all of you during my three decades with Nucor. And speaking of my team mates, I always give, I often give the following advice, successful people surround themselves with great teams. If you want to be successful, you need to have the right people in the right positions on your team. I have been fortunate to always have the right people around me at Nucor, including the team on this call today. A strong leadership team we have built over the last decade, we will ensure that we have a deep bench of talent to draw upon for years to come. They have worked with me to achieve a number of accomplishments, which I am very proud of, a strong record of safety; the rollout of digital tools to better connect with; and serve our customers; the execution on our five drivers of profitable growth, including our greater penetration of the automotive market, while significantly expanded channels to market and our new rebar micro mills, as well as Nucor's evolution into a company that is more intensely focused on commercial excellence and building powerful strategic partnerships with our customers. I want to thank all of our Nucor team mates for the hard work that they have done during my tenure to achieve these successes and for the hard work that I know they will continue to do each and every day into the future to build a safer and more profitable Nucor. 2020 is going to be another exciting year for our company. When we asked Leon to join the executive team, I knew Nucor is bringing a strong leader to Charlotte. I have known Leon for years and I've been proud to call him a team mate. I’ve watched how he has met the challenges head on, preparing him for the role into which he now steps. And let me tell you something, I know that Leon and the great team around him will ensure that Nucor continues to be an industry leader well into the future. I'm excited to see where Leon and the team takes our company next. At Nucor, we believe that we are never as good today as we are going to be tomorrow. There is always an opportunity to be better. I leave you all in a very capable hands. We are confident than ever that Nucor's best years are still ahead of us. Thank you again for what you do for Nucor every day and to my team mates, thank you again, particularly for doing it safely. Please never forget, there is nothing more important than safety, absolutely nothing. Thank you for your interest in our company. Have a great day.
Chris Terry: Hi, Jim. Couple of questions from my side. All the best, John, in retirement. Just firstly on your capital for the quarter, noticed you didn't do anything on the buyback. So I just wonder if you could provide a little bit more color on that. I appreciate you've got a 40% minimum payout ratio and you've already met that I think you commented at 49%. But just a little bit surprised when you've held back a little bit on the capital timing that there was no buyback in the quarter? Thanks.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thanks for the color on that. And just in terms of the corporate eliminations, it's quite a bit lower than what we expected for the quarter. I appreciate that the steel mills profitability obviously has an impact on what that number would be. Can you just talk a little bit about some of the one-offs in that and the difficulty in the forecast against that number? Thanks.
Chris Terry: Thanks for that. And the last one from me just in terms of the end markets, you've spoken about, most of them, but I just wondered if you could comment on the auto sector specifically? And maybe just I think you normally give color on your 24 end markets, maybe just where they're tracking? Thanks.
David Sumoski: Yeah. If we would comment on some of the competition shedding down, we would correct you, it's an MBQ product that's exiting the market, not the rebar.
David Sumoski: I just want to add on top of that, thanks to the team at Marion for the outage that they did safely, 30-day outage and we did not disrupt anything from a customer standpoint, and you guys did it safely. So, thank you and I appreciate that.
David Sumoski: And I guess the other question, Phil, you asked was with regard to the timing of these projects. The two main projects right now, the refractory and the PGA changes will be done in the next three weeks as we come up mid-November. And then the ore yard will be finalized middle of next year.
