Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you, John. The U.S. economy continues to struggle to emerge from the Great Recession. It has been unable to move to a path of vibrant and sustainable growth. This is not surprising. Our nation has failed to implement real solutions to eliminate the unsustainable structural imbalances that are driving our economy deeper and deeper into a hole of little or no growth. Our team has been adamant and consistent over the past 3 years with our views on the way forward to a stronger and more sustainable American economy. And we require real solutions that eliminate the structural imbalances and, at the same time, create what our economy needs most: jobs, jobs and more jobs. This can be accomplished with a multi-pronged plan for the U.S. to achieve new energy independence, enforce rules-based free trade, to build our crumbling infrastructure, reform and simplify the tax code and reduce the burden of excessive regulation on our economy.  I would like to comment on 2 developments regarding enforcement of our nation's trade laws. First, the United States Senate last week passed a bipartisan currency exchange rate oversight reformat of 2011. This legislation is exactly the kind of strong and bipartisan action our government must take to hold China accountable for its protectionist trade policies. China's failure to engage in rules-based trade, a commitment it agreed to when it became a member of the World Trade Organization and achieved favored nation trading status in the United States, has destroyed millions of good paying American jobs. It is now time for the United States House of Representatives to pass this bill. It will be a big step forward in restoring free and fair competition in our global trading system. The idea that somehow this action will create a trade war is both ludicrous and ignorant, with an emphasis on ignorant. Why? Because we have been in a trade war waged by the Chinese government for 16 years, except that our government has yet to join the fight and we are losing miserably. The evidence, you say, where is it? Try a greater than a $2.2 trillion trade deficit with China over the last 11 years, greater than $2.2 trillion in manufactured goods over the last 11 years. American manufacturing, American jobs and the American middle class have borne the brunt of this trade war. It is time to say enough is enough, and act legally to hold them accountable. This is one area that the current administration has done a better job of than the previous Clinton and Bush administrations, but it is still way short of what is needed.  The second development is the U.S. International Trade Commission's Sunset Review of anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders on cut-to-length plate from India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan and Korea. Maintaining these orders is critical to the health of the U.S. plate market. These orders will help to ensure that illegally traded plate imports from these countries do not return to the U.S. market as they once did. Free and fair trade in the U.S. plate market is an absolute requirement for Nucor to continue investing capital and adding jobs in this business.  These are extremely challenging and uncertain times for the overall economy and the steel industry. However, one thing is for certain, and it is very much under our control. The Nucor team will meet any and all challenges head on and turn them into opportunities. We are primed and ready to continue growing stronger. That is exactly what our team has been doing for more than 4 decades.  At this time, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Daniel R. DiMicco: It wouldn't be appropriate to be getting into conversations about pricing power, but I will make 2 comments. One, in today's environment, the raw material push-pull is not what's driving pricing in the marketplace. What's driving pricing in the marketplace is a massive overcapacity that's being created by additional new capacity coming on stream, increased imports from overseas, particularly in flat-rolled, and a demand in their economy that is not growing any measurable rate at this point in time. And that complete supply-demand situation is what is dictating pricing in the marketplace today more than raw materials because raw materials have been fairly steady over the past little while. So that'd be the only comments I would make on that.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Boy, what a loaded question. Listen, I'm not going to comment on what should or shouldn't be done out there. All I can do is tell you how Nucor handles its operating rates and production rates, and it's based upon the level of orders we get in. We're very competitive in the marketplace. We will continue to be very competitive and meet all competitive challenges out there. And how much we run or don't run is completely predicated upon the order entry level we get. As has been mentioned, the lead times are very short, particularly in the flat-rolled side. So I mean the order entry that we're reacting to is what we see on a week-to-week, month-to-month basis and more towards the week-to-week right now. And we have the luxury at our facilities, electric furnace shops, of literally being able to turn the light switch on at a moment's notice. If the orders pick up, we increase production instantaneously. If the orders go down, we decrease the production instantaneously. And our customers dictate and our success at attracting our customers' orders dictates how much we run.
Daniel R. DiMicco: No to the last point that you just made. And our product diversification is just -- as really all 3 of us have discussed in our present prepared remarks. And John emphasized, it's the product diversification, the strength of the nonsheet operations that enabled us to have a better price -- overall price performance during the third quarter.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Let me -- let us take a shot at that first. Help me understand why you feel like the guidance for the fourth quarter -- what was the word you used? More constructive than...
Daniel R. DiMicco: Yes. Without having that -- those exact words in front of us, I really don't see where there should be much of a difference between the 2. Our guidance is completely qualitative at this point in time. We are indicating that there will be a reduction in our profitability because of the -- of this particular the situation in the sheet market. And -- but there is something that we are seeing right now that we didn't see coming into the third quarter, and that is, there seemed to be moderation in the scrap pricing that may continue throughout the quarter, which will help us on margin retention. But how that all shakes out? There's a lag time between what we purchase on scrap and the pricing we pay and then what the usage numbers are and the costs for the scrap that show up. Usually, there's a 2- to 4-week lag time between purchases and usage, depending upon the inventory levels at the mills themselves. So that's a little bit of an unknown. It's floating out there, but that should be an unknown that breaks in a positive direction rather than in a negative one. So maybe that's the reason for it, Tony.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Absolutely, absolutely. And that's not just words, that's shows up in the results. It's shown up in the results for the third quarter. It's shown up in the results for our year-to-date numbers over last year. And it shows up throughout history of the company, including the last 11 years that this executive team has been lucky enough to lead this company. So yes, we absolutely believe it. And it's our strong financial position and our strong business model that gives us the confidence to be able to say that, and our teammates who are out there every day, finding new ways, better ways, safer ways to do things.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, what we're doing on the direct reduced iron side, it doesn't take us all the way to the beginning of the process which would be mining. But it does give us more control over production, distribution channels, how far those distribution channels are stretched out, which had a very negative impact on us in the '08-'09 downturn with the pig iron. And with the natural gas situation here in the United States being extremely competitive, it gives us a cost advantage in many respects as well even without to control over the iron ore. And I think that's what you're alluding to is us getting into the mining business. That's certainly a possibility that under the right set of opportunities, that we would be willing to partner with somebody that we're involved in getting access to our own iron ore. I wouldn't rule that out, but there's nothing imminent that we are about to announce.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Yes, it is something that as we develop our spot business, we're getting more interest in from the customers in South and Central America in developing a longer-term supplier relationship.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The addition of -- the passage of the Colombia Free Trade Agreement, possibly the Panamanian one will also reduce some of the tariffs we've had to pay with our product versus our competition and make us even more competitive down there. And hopefully, result in even stronger margins.
Daniel R. DiMicco: And hopefully, we're going to be start to ship down metal buildings and joists and deck and other things, too.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, all that's maintained a fairly steady pace but at, obviously, a very low rate. And the reason for our change in the wording had to do with the recent information that came out from the AISC, the American Institute and Steel Construction, and others that were actually showing that instead of a 5% gain in nonresidential construction in 2011, we were going to end up with a 1% to 2% fall-off negative growth. And that's why our comments were as worded.
Daniel R. DiMicco: All I can say is that all along, Nucor has put itself in the position of the opportunistic. And if opportunities come our way, we'll certainly take a look at them. Whether or not we would on that particular asset is something that we probably should avoid commenting on.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, first off, our use of cash is always geared towards growth first, second and third. And during these down periods, we're looking for those growth opportunities both in our existing operations and with additions of new capacities or new businesses. So that will always be our first focus. As you know, we have a strong dividend being paid, over 4%. And the our policy on that dividend performance is to keep it strong. When things get better, like we did the last time, probably look at an enhanced dividend payout based upon performance. But principally, our focus is on growing the future earnings of the company, and that's where our capital will be allocated.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The one thing I want to emphasize, as we've talked about before, is that our movement up the value chain is not one of abdication of the more "commodity-type products." It's true growth because we -- our focus is on maintaining and growing our position throughout the value chain, both at the basic commodity-type product levels, whether they be downstream products or steel mill products, and adding to our repertoire by moving up further into the higher value add, which is an opportunity. So that's where the real growth comes from. It's not one of vacating one spot to move into another, but expanding throughout the value chain.
Daniel R. DiMicco: And typically, in SBQ, that's about the right mix you'll find in SBQ. But it's much more OEM-driven than service center driven because of the qualification and trial process.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, our focus over the last several years has had a raw material -- large raw material component to it. Started off with the David J. Joseph acquisition, the -- and prior to that, the Trinidad DRI facility. And so the whole focus on raw material strategy is a high-priority area. How far it actually takes us remains to be seen yet, and we are open to opportunities for growth both on the iron side and the DRI side and the scrap side. So that's really all I would want to comment on that right now in terms of what might be going on right now. When we have something to talk about, we're certainly present it.
Daniel R. DiMicco: There's no restrictions from a quality capability standpoint or equipment standpoint. I mean, obviously, if we were going to get into producing pipe products, seamless or otherwise, that would require new equipment because we're not in that business today. But we do supply a significant amount of our steel to customers in that arena. So it's something that you constantly are looking at because the size of that, potential size of that market could be quite significant. So we haven't ruled out getting into that business ourselves. But for the foreseeable future, our focus is on supplying increased amounts of quality product to our customers who serve those markets.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Basically, the only comment I would make on that is that we're always looking to achieve the maximum value from the least amount of investment.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, I'll tell you what, if we had a market that was reacting the way the stock market is, we'd be vacillating it from jumping off the top of the building to digging a bunker someplace, and thank goodness, we don't have that situation. So I would not say that it's in specific short terms related to what's going on in the equity markets. Certainly, what's going on in the equity markets and what's not going on with the leadership in our government and in Washington, that all weighs very heavily on the private sector, including the steel sector because as the economy goes, so does steel consumption. And in a very, very strong way, the additional increases of steel consumption don't take place until we're growing north of 2.5%. So that's the big issue. And the market -- the equity markets are just reacting to the tremendous uncertainty. And on top of that, it's more like the craps table at Vegas than it is a true investment situation in Wall Street anymore. So that adds its own degree of complexity in. Thank goodness that -- as rough as things are in the steel business, we haven't degenerated to that level yet.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you, Stacy. I would like to thank everyone involved in the call. Excellent questions that we received. And close by, again, saying thank you to all of our teammates, our customers, our suppliers and our shareholders for your support. And with the programs that we have in place and the opportunities that we are taking advantage of, and of course, best years are truly in front of us. Thank you all very much.
John J. Ferriola: The only comment I'd make in terms of mix, I assume you mean that in all of our products, we're moving higher into the value-added products, and that's a conscious decision we've made on all of our product lines, in plate, in bars, in SBQ and in flat-rolled. And obviously, that's a reaction to many things, to market needs and also the import situation. Imports basically are driven by commodity items. And by continuing to move further up the value chain, we gain a little bit of protection from that, and we find new ways and new products to grow our market share.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, I'll take a shot at that, Dan. Our third quarter was a good quarter for us in terms of exporting products. We had been, as you mentioned, we've been running about a 9% or 10%. In the third quarter, we exported about 13.3% of our products. Again, most of it going into the Central and South American region. In terms of contract versus spot on exports, very little of it is contract business on exports. Most of it is spot business.
John J. Ferriola: And I might actually build on that and say that to do that you have to have certain infrastructure in place. And in Colombia, we have just put our first, depot. It opened up about a month ago. Our first shipment arrived about 3 weeks ago, and we're really excited about that. The Colombian market has been a good market for us. Our sales teams there are doing a great job, and our products are well accepted. And as we continue to move in that direction, we will continue to move up the value chain and that lends itself to more contract business as we go forward. Also, one of the things that we're really excited about is the way that we've managed the logistics into that area because of our DRI facility in Trinidad and bringing the DRI back to the states. We've built a circular route, which has really helped us on our freight costs, sending product into South and Central America.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, a little bit more than a little bit. It actually is quite a significant freight advantage and it's given us an edge in our ability to export our products successfully into those countries.
John J. Ferriola: And just to build on the freight situation and talking about having the advantage to some of our competition, because we can ship every type of product down there, it allows us to send full boatloads now. We send sheet down there. We sent beam down there. We send plate down there. We send bar down there, SBQ down there. So we're able to fill up a load without having to depend upon a single product shipment to the region.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as you know, at the end of the year, our customers focus on inventory control. And the first part of the year, the first quarter for us, most of our products typically pick up as those inventories that had been depleted in the fourth quarter are rebuilt. And we're hearing pretty much the same this year. We expect the first quarter, from our customers' perspective, to be a stronger order entry quarter in most of our products. I think you have -- in addition to the inventory situation, you have the seasonal things that take place, lawn and garden, for example, will come back in. As you get later into the first quarter, people start thinking about construction as limited as it is again. So the seasonal impact we think will be positive.
John J. Ferriola: And we have a few others that we didn't mention in particular in the script that will also come into play in 2012, one being the new processing center in Monterey, which we expect to be coming online towards the end of the second half of next year. And we also are beginning construction on a new processing facility in central Mexico also.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, I would add to that, Dan, in addition to moving up value chain with our existing products, we're also focused on developing new products, entering into new markets. Geographically, new customers and growing our market share from the new products. The work that our team has done over the last 2 years in that area is nothing short of phenomenal, nothing short of phenomenal.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me start with just some general comments about SBQ, and then, Jim, you might jump in with some customer specific -- customers in terms of qualification, okay? All right. In general, if you go back a couple of years, 2 or 3 years ago, SBQ represented about 10% of our bar -- total bar shipments. Today, we've moved that up to about 20% or 21% of our bar shipments. So there's been a real focus on growth, and we've been very successful in that area. Not only through the introduction of Memphis and its products, but also continuing to expand on Norfolk, Nebraska facility, both in terms of volume and in new products. Jim, any specific comments on qualification? I don't want to name any particular customers, but we are focused in automotive, heavy truck.
John J. Ferriola: I don't know if we have a target. Our participation has been about 30% in distribution and about 60% in OEM.
John J. Ferriola: Yes. And one other thing I'd like to add on the products, too, we produced a lot of semi-finished and gained a lot of acceptance going into the energy industry in the form of seamless tubing.
James D. Frias: Yes. The other thing to keep in mind is that the DRI price from Louisiana is early in its life and so it's making small charges to start-up costs today. But as it gets closer to its actual start-up date, we'll be ramping up employment there. And those start-up costs will rise. So you'll see that ramp up with the growth of that project.
James D. Frias: They'll probably decline slightly, maybe $4 million or so in the fourth quarter from the third quarter level.
James D. Frias: Yes, as we've ramped up the production capacity at Memphis, we've also participated in qualifying our engineered bar, our engineered SBQ bar, to go into the engineered bar industry of heavy equipment applications. And some of the products that we're now qualified for are steering knuckles, ring gears, differential gears, spindles, camshaft, axles and crankshafts. And these are in the heavy equipment, heavy truck in automotive industries.
James D. Frias: Yes, it's mostly Italian joint venture, Sal. And when we talked about the fact that our state tax credits were offset by some miscellaneous adjustments, there's a little bit of that in there, and there is some seasonality there as well for -- there has been some lower profits or some increase losses at the Italian facilities as well.
