Leon Topalian: Yes. Absolutely. Kurt, thank you. And we’re incredibly proud of our team and achieving an incredible quarter, an incredible first half of the year at over $17 per diluted share. It’s just a tremendous outcome, and again, something that we and the entire executive team could not be more proud of the 30,000 men and women who make up the Nucor family. Specifically to your question on structural and plate, I’ll let Al Behr, our EVP of Plate and Structural, touch on it. I’ll just say from a very high level before I turn it to Al that one of the unique opportunities that we have, particularly in structural, is the market share position that we have. We are the leading structural manufacturer in the United States. And it’s something that we’ve talked about many times and shared with you and other analysts that through the cycle, we have seen incredible performance in that sector with Nucor-Yamato, Nucor-Berkeley beams reporting incredible returns and profitability out of those mills even with some, at the time, depressed utilization rates in the high-60s, low-70s. Over the last couple of years, that’s improved markedly in ‘21, peaked at [Technical Difficulty] 90s. So, that business segment for us continues to operate. And Al, I won’t steal all your thunder, but we couldn’t be more excited about the shift and what’s moving in plate. In the -- soon coming on line of our plate mill in Brandenburg. But why don’t you just touch on that a little bit and share where we’re at with Brandenburg as well.
Leon Topalian: Hey Chad, one thing I’ll add and just maybe a further point, Carlos, to share some of this. We get some questions or I’ve got some questions over the last weeks, months what -- why are you so optimistic in the face of inflation and interest rates. If we just look, for example, at the warehousing space, forecast by Dodge for 2023 is down about 19%. But as Chad mentioned, and I think it’s an incredibly important part, our industry is shifted and it shifted substantially through reconciliations, through consolidation and through trade. And as a result, you are seeing higher highs and higher lows. But equally, that drop in 19% for 2023 is 60% higher than what we saw our previous record year, which was 2018 prior to 2021. So, it’s 60% higher than what we did in 2018. So, in terms of the volumes, yes, it’s coming off 19%. But the overall market is still incredibly strong, and there’s a lot to be optimistic about in that space. Now, the other piece of that, when we look at Nucor buildings group, the Nucor buildings group does roughly about 10,000 buildings annually, just our Nucor buildings group. Every one of those buildings has somewhere between 4 and 12 to 15 doors on every building. Well, now with C.H.I., it is an incredible marriage as they continue to grow their commercial end to tie in with that dealer network with those businesses. And then, you think about the rest of the warehousing space with companies like Amazon, the Gigafactories, the chip factories, and hopefully, we’ll see that pass here in Washington D.C. and the CHIPS Act and that incentive package supported to build an onshore and reshore American manufacturing. But that is an incredible construction solution piece. So, having C.H.I. now in the portfolio continues to differentiate Nucor as a one-stop differentiated supplier that can take care of all the needs. And that’s how we’re thinking about it as we move forward and the types of businesses Chad will be responsible for in the Expand Beyond category. So again, thank you, Chad. And Steve, do you want to touch on sort of our CapEx for the balance of the year and how we’re looking? Thank you.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Thanks, Emily. And look, I would tell you that right now, there’s a lot of dialogue going on. But, we’re not seeing any real movement in terms of material orders. We really think that will start in earnest in early ‘23 and really begin to progress throughout the year 2023. So, while our teams, our division businesses are ramping up and at the ready, I think we’re still about six months out from really seeing that move through our company.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, I think so. And again, if we look at our most recent order books, sheet’s strong. We’re seeing some -- again, the word resiliency is the right word across the nonres construction businesses and you know well now in Nucor that 50% of our overall mix is into the construction sector. So us providing, again, a complete solution really is a differentiated value proposition. But yes, we are seeing, again, stable demand and growing in some cases. But it’s certainly not without looking as well as some of the headwinds that are coming from an economy standpoint in the marketplace of interest rates and inflation. It’s in supply chain and some of those constraints. While those are real, the driving demand factors in our businesses, for the most part, remain very healthy. And automotive is a good example. If we could solve the chip shortage today, I think we’re going to crest well over 17 million units sold. And while that’s the forecast and it’s easy to say that, I truly believe that. I think the underlying demand, the consumable spending appetite in this country still remains fairly high. And so, again, there are some things I think that will begin to loosen up and break loose in the back half of this year and well into ‘23 that will help in addition to the infrastructure, like getting a bit more caught off on the chips and as Al mentioned, the offshore wind. And what we saw President Biden recently announced an executive orders yesterday, that will continue to position Nucor well, will position Nucor’s plate group and particularly Brandenburg, and an incredible value-add opportunity for our customers.
Leon Topalian: Timna, where we see, maybe a little more color. It’d probably be in the several hundred thousand ton range, based on what we see today that we would produce between now and the end of the year and from the new expansion part of Gallatin.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Mike, thank you for the question. When I took over in January of 2020, our eight-word mission statement is alive and well, and that’s Grow Our Core, Expand Beyond and Live Our Culture. And so the Live the Culture piece is easy. It’s delivering uncompromising results in every area of our business and doing that while maintaining the safety, health and wellbeing of our team. The core is just at the West Virginia mill, the Lexington micro mill, the expansions in Hickman and the new increases across in Kankakee and other core assets that we have. This Expand Beyond piece over the last 2.5 years driven really by Steve Laxton before he became CFO and Alex Hoffman is really about finding those companies that provide a differentiated value proposition and moving us sort of that one standard deviation outside of the normal and traditional steelmaking lane that have direct steel adjacency, but like C.H.I. offer you some insulation from the traditional cyclicality of steelmaking. Hannibal Industries is in doing that. Cornerstone and the insulated metal panel building business is doing that. The other side of it and the other filter that we look for is how do we continue to provide sweeping solutions in construction, in energy, in automotive, so that when our commercial teams go and meet with the architects, engineers, owners, VCs, they can say we’ve got the entire solution for you. You don’t have to worry about doors or joist or deck or grading or anything else. We are a one-stop shop and can solve the entity and entirety of their steel needs. So the pipeline is rich. I think it will get richer as we move forward. And for every downturn, Nucor has gotten stronger and continue to invest that our cash flow position, the profits we’re generating today put Nucor in an ideal position to continue to be very deliberate and very strategic with long-term goals to enhance our shareholder value.
Leon Topalian: I’d just like to congratulate our entire team again for a record first half of the year. Thank you for delivering on our mission and making 2022 the safest, cleanest and most profitable year in our history. Thank you to our customers, and thank you for the trust that you place in each and every one of our Nucor teams for your business. We will continue to work hard to earn that business well into the future. And finally, thank you to our shareholders for the trusted capital that you place in our hands. We continue to want to be great stewards and great shepherds to return that valuable shareholder capital. Thank you for your interest in our company. Have a great day.
Rex Query: Yes. Curt, thank you for the question. Quick summary, all our primary steelmaking equipment has been purchased. We’ve awarded our significant portions of civil and concrete work.
Rex Query: Oh, I’m sorry. I’m going -- sorry, Curt, was talking about West Virginia, which I’ll hold that for a moment and share that here perhaps a little later to the question or a follow-up. But for Gallatin, completed our second quarter outage. All equipment is being commissioned at this point. We’re already expanded -- have expanded our slab with beyond original capabilities. So we’re beyond 68 inches now. That -- the new equipment, we’re capable of 73.5 inches. And we’ll be ramping up here third quarter. By fourth quarter, we expect to be at nameplate capacity. And as you may recall, original stated capacity for that mill, about 1.6 million tons. The expansion will add about 1.4 million. So, we’ll be right at the 3 million-ton mark and capable of producing at nameplate capacity during the fourth quarter. Our ramp-up also in what we produce will be determined also by what’s going on in the marketplace. So I do want to state that, and we’ll gauge that by the demand in the marketplace. So thanks for the question.
Rex Query: Yes, Timna. I’ll speak first -- we’ll speak about the first half of the year. We had some outages with Gallatin as we were installing this equipment. So, if you look at the group -- if you took the first half of the year, we were running at a utilization above the 80% mark as a group. With the outages, we were a little bit under that at Gallatin, but we augmented that with other sheet mills in our group. So, that was how we handled that, took care of customers through supply from other mills. So, now that the outage is complete, equipment is installed, our run rate will ramp up, and we’re putting the equipment through its paces. So, we’re doing a full thickness slab now in a new slab, 130-millimeter. But as we start to put the mill through its paces, we’ll go wider and wider. That will happen during the third quarter. And again, we’ll have the capability. We absolutely expect in the fourth quarter to run at really nameplate capacity. So, you would look right at that 3 million ton run rate annualized. But we’ll gauge that to what the market is doing off of that.
