John Ferriola: Well, certainly had a major impact. It was a three-week outage. Our kudos to the team at Nucor-Yamato, they completed the task within the three-weeks. They did a great job. It was a result of quite a bit of advanced planning and advanced work. They came out of the startup extremely well. They're running well. They're going through the trials now with all of the different shapes going through the new equipment. And I'm really pleased with the progress that they are making. It's going much quicker than we thought. And we are confident that we will regain those tons in the second part of this year. Well, I was going to go to your first question, actually. You had a comment about our sheet business, and whether or not our approach, we certainly didn't say we wouldn't sell to anybody, but we did say that we would give preferential treatment to those customers who were in a bind because of the situations with some of our competitors. We would give preference to those who were able to give us business that was not just a short-term business, but it was there for the rest of the year. And frankly, we probably lost a little bit of short-term spot business, as a result of that. But in return, we were able to gain longer-term market share improvements and we're confident that what we gain we'll be able to hold through the rest of the year.
John Ferriola: And I'd also say that in first quarter we were not impacted by the weather conditions as much as some of our competitors. Our teams, particularly, Crawfordsville, God bless them, I don't know how they did it, but they were able to ship well during some of those polar vortexes, I guess, is what they are called now. But the team did a great job and we were able to maintain shipments through the first quarter. So unlike some of our competitors, we did not have to make up those tons in the second quarter.
John Ferriola: Well, I'm going to have to answer the question in a hypothetical mode, because I cannot say whether or not we actually participated in the process. But if we had been involved in the process, these are some of the thoughts that we would have about the valuation and really what it meant to Nucor. Let me start by saying that Severstal is a good asset. And it's good equipment. It's good quality. But given this location, it was not a particularly good fit for our well-disciplined growth strategy in our vision. And therefore, we couldn't justify paying such a high price for that asset. Again, hypothetically speaking, if we were involved in the process. But I got to say, Luke, that given that it was not right for us, we were pleased that it ended up with an existing domestic competitor, which resulted in further consolidation in sheet industry. This consolidation, when you think about it and you couple it with the TK also a middle consolidation, and the fact that RG is permanently out of the market, means that we've had three major consolidating movements in the sheet market over the last two years. Obviously, this is going to result in a stronger, more competitive sheet industry. Nucor being, given our extremely significant or strong position in sheet, will continue to benefit and try in this new environment. And we get to enjoy the benefit of that better market without having to have spent $1.6 billion to get it. I want to make one more point, just in general, about our strategy and some of our history in the past. In the past, Nucor has been aggressive in growing through acquisition. And we will continue to be aggressive in growing though acquisition in the future, when the target is a good fit for our well-defined strategic plan. You mentioned the fact that we have a strong presence, so you thought that that would provide some synergies for us. Well, we look at it a little bit differently, as we were valuing this potential target and we thought about what we were going to do in the process. Now, Luke, you got to think about the fact that we already have an extremely strong position in the Southeast, with three mills and 9 million tons of capacity. And when we place value, when we go about placing value of potential target, we consider many factors, but three are the really key factors that we consider are: whether that target, that asset, will increase our geographical inch; whether it would expand our customer base; whether it would expand our product portfolio. In the case of Severstal, it did not accomplish any of those objects. We're well-positioned in the Southeast. We have three mills and 9 million tons of capacity in Southeast. In fact, we have one mill, Luke, we have one mill within a 150 miles of Severstal. We have a second mill within 250 miles of Severstal. So clearly Severstal did not increase our geographical reach. When we looked at customers, well, we already touch every customer that Severstal touches, and frankly some of that they don't touch. So it would not have expanded our customer base at all. We can already produce virtually every product that Severstal can make. So it didn't expand our product portfolio. In fact, with the successful completion of our wide light project at Berkeley that I mentioned during the call, we'll be able to offer the market a lighter gauge hot band than Severstal can produce. So given that it really didn't expand our geographical footprint, it didn't help us on our customer base, it didn't expand our product portfolio. We could not just apply the $1.6 billion price tag. It simply didn't bring $1.6 billion of value to Nucor. I covered a lot of information on that deal, so I'm hoping we focus the rest of the call on Nucor and not just one particular deal. Go ahead, next question.
John Ferriola: Well, there is a couple of points to be made there. I think, number one, my general impression is that as I spend time in Washington, I'm a little bit more optimistic that our government is finally to getting to understand some of the importance of these trade cases and the impact that it has on our economy, on our employment situation, particularly in the manufacturing area. So I'm getting a little bit more confident that our government, the Commerce Department, the ITC, is better understanding the impact that not only the imports have on our economy, but also a better understanding of the process and the length of time it takes and the damage that's done as a result of that length of time. And as a result, we continue our hard work in Washington. As a result, as I mentioned, there is a long process. U.S. was holding up some potential trade cases coming down the road, well, it's the process. We are gathering information. I'm not going to give anything more specific about what trade cases might be coming down the pipe. I don't think you have to use too much of your imagination to figure out what it is. We've been pleased with the outcome at the OCTG case. We feel good about the rebar case with. One of the things that I mentioned in script was that, we're working with the Commerce Department to help them better understand facts of the case. And given that, we feel confident that we've got a good shot at a final ruling that's more favorable than the preliminary. So overall, listen, overcapacity in the world is a major issue. It is one of our greatest risk, not only to Nucor, but to our entire industry. Nucor will, as we always have, been very local and we will continue to fight a good fight. And we're confident we're going to be more and more successful going forward, because more and more of our trade laws are being flagrantly violated. So as a result, I'm pretty optimistic about the future, but I'm not going to give any specific sense to what cases might be coming down the pipeline.
John Ferriola: Our backlogs are good. The market is good. Demand is good. We're going to be bringing new products on to the market. Given all of that, we feel it's sustainable through the second half of the year. It's hard to look out much past the second half of the year, so I'm not going to make any comments about 2015. But certainly, we feel good about it, and particularly given the new products that we're going to be able to offer off of that mill. We're excited about it. We really are. And the market is very excited about them also.
John Ferriola: Well, as a general statement, I would say that we're still probably leaning towards buy rather than build, simply because the older capacity that already exists in the world, we don't see any sense in adding to it. Certainly, in the United States market, we've had a fairly good balance at this point, and we wouldn't consider building a new sheet mill, or I feel there might be other products that we would look at, we think that there are some areas where we have potential to grow. A more general answer, Timna, is listen, the world is our oyster. We've got a great balance sheet. We're wrapping up a lot of projects. I think there's a total of 12 projects we've done over the last four years that are starting to come, that has come to conclusion, and is starting to show some returns, so we're feeling better about those. We'll be wrapping up the few remaining ones in the next six months, 12 months. So we're in a position where we will again becoming rather aggressive in growing the company in some possibly new directions. I would also tell you that there are some opportunities out there that fit much better than in Severstal asset fit. Better location relative to our mills, areas where we do not have a strong of a presence and we don't have as high of a percent of market share as we do in the Southeast. And overall, the Southeast, we've got something like kind of 25%, 30% market share. And there's other regions of the country where there is actually more market demand in sheet products where we have a much smaller footprint and a smaller market share. So there is a lot of opportunities out there. On the structural side, we've just completed this new project to get new products out there. Now, we've got to take that to the market. We're excited about some opportunities we can do. And one of the things that we did in addition to the new piling sections that we have is we -- let me see how I can say this, we improved the quality of the products that we are putting through the mill already and with much greater tolerances than have been available in the past. I'll leave it at that. And our customers are very excited about that. Not only do we feel that that will bring some additional business or bring us some additional margin. We feel good about that. So right now, Timna, I'm glad that we had a strong balance sheet, I really am. It speaks once again to Nucor's successful longstanding policy of maintaining a strong balance sheet and then taking advantage of that to grow the company in many ways, organically, incrementally and in larger ways through acquisitions.
John Ferriola: You mean someone else canceling a DRI project, whether that impacts the way that we think about DRI.
John Ferriola: Certainly all of those are favorable factors supporting the initial decision to go into DRI. You could argue that the one other company canceling the project might indicate that they felt that it wasn't a good project. DRI wasn't a good way to go in terms of a raw material supply. But I would caution you that you must remember that it isn't, unless you have a gas contract to along with it. Okay. We do, they didn't. I don't blame them. Okay, I'll leave it at that. Certainly, the fact that we've gained some confidence out of the DRI Louisiana plant that we're currently running in terms of the quality that client put out. We are still working through some of our startup issues, no doubt about that. We shut down for three weeks. We made some modifications from information, knowledge that we gained by running. They're in the first period. And I have to say that we're pleased with the results of the equipment modifications that we made during that three-week outage. We still have more work to do, but what we've seen as we came out of that outage. There was great confidence in the long-term success for that plant. So all of that factors into. Certainly ,we're still considering the second DRI plant. I have said many times and I'll say again that we want to get first one up and running and learn all we can from it, so that if we want to make any tweaks, either to the equipment or however, whatever changes we might want to make in the system, we don't want to build the second one until we fully gain all the knowledge we can get out of the first one. We learned a lot in first six months. We'll learn more in the six months. But I will tell you, and this is a good long-term strategy for Nucor, okay. I gave you the reasons, and that the key word that I hope you caught there was, this is a good long-term strategy. This is more than just a short-term boost to earnings, okay. This is something that we believe in five, 10, 15 years from today is going to truly differentiate Nucor from our competitors. And I gave you the list of reasons why I felt that way.
John Ferriola: I believe and we believe that it will limp along at a very slow recovery, 5% to 6%. I think what might be misleading some people is the rate of increase in second quarter versus first quarter. And I think you have to be careful about that. First quarter was very heavily impacted by weather in every one of our downstream businesses, and I suspect in everyone else's downstream business. If we look at just our second quarter order entry rate in downstream businesses relative to first quarter, we see a very significant improvement. But some of that, as I said, is a result of catching up from the first quarter's poor weather conditions that really hampered by any kind of non-residential construction. So as we go forward to the rest of the year, we think that there will be continuous improvement, most analyst and we particularly agree with them, saying that by the end of the year, the 2014 versus '13 increase will be somewhere around that 5% to 6% number. And we believe that's accurate.
John Ferriola: Let me tackle the first question first. The OCTG case has impacted the way that we view trade cases going forward. One of the things that we believe led to the success here was the fact that we worked very hard with the ITC and with Congress to help them understand the data and look at how that data was being presented by some of the countries in the case. We believed, and apparently obviously we were able to convince them, that the way the data was being presented was very misleading. Helping them walk through that process resulted in a more positive outcome for us and for the industry. How does that impact us going forward? Well, certainly now having learned that, we will present the data in a way that for us makes it some very clear and work with the Commerce and ITC to help them understand the way that the data from the offending countries is presented. So we've learned from the lesson. And how do I feel about things going forward, as I mentioned earlier, it's impossible to say with any level of certainty, but you have a certain sense of feelings when you are in Washington. And my sense is that I feel more optimistic about the cases coming up as we go forward. I think both Commerce and the ITC are seeing the -- what we've been saying for quite some time, the practice of repeat offenders, the practice of product substitution, you win a case on one thing, they immediately win it on structural beams, they got to rebar, you win it on rebar, they go to merchant bar. Now, there's a pattern that's being developed that we're helping the ITC and Commerce Department understand, which points to some very basic flaws in the way our laws are being applied. And we're working hard to help Washington and the proper authorities understand that. And your second question was whether or not we felt a need to increase the size of our team working in Washington. All I can tell you, it's a very small team, but it's extremely effective team. We've got the best there is. And I don't think we need to grow it at all. The team has got a great deal of confidence. They had shown what they can accomplish. And they have been very successful and I don't see us changing that at all.
John Ferriola: Well, there is always that possibility. In terms of what are the margins given different pricing of the commodity that we used to make this determination, we have a nice spreadsheet that's up on our website and it's a very interactive spreadsheet, very easy to work with, you plug-in whatever numbers you want to plug into with iron and pallet premiums and every other element that goes into it. And it will spread out the differential. So I'm not going to go through the different scenarios. There's just too many of them to consider. But I would point you to that spreadsheet and recommend that if you want to work with those numbers, you will clearly use that spreadsheet and you will get that.
John Ferriola: Well, let me stop you right there, okay. Let me stop you right there for a minute, Aldo. It's not a very good mix. It's a great mix, it's an outstanding, it's world-class setting mix. Now, you can continue.
John Ferriola: Processed yield. In other words, yield to finished product. Process yield, not the metalization or the carbon rates.
John Ferriola: It's not as good as wanted to be. It's a hell of a lot better than when we started. That's the parameters that I'll give you. We made some progress after a few weeks of running. We've recognized some issues that we had to go in and take care of, which we did during three week outage that we mentioned few times. Coming out of that, we saw our yield improve still more. We will continue to work to get it even better by the end of the year. Frankly, I'm hoping our team is listening there, and when I say that our goal, okay, is 99.999% yields.
John Ferriola: And that's the key point. You made an additional point, but it's really it's a key point of the disciplined structured growth plan at DJ Joseph of building on existing platforms that we have in place, which brings some synergies to it and got a good management team in place. So the growth you're going to see at DJ Joseph going forward will be similar to this, where we grow incrementally at each one of our platforms taking advantage of comp consolidation and the synergies.
John Ferriola: We've shred, what, about 4.5 million tons, but close to the 3.5 million tons. So we shred 3.5 million tons and we broke quite a bit more than that, between 20 million or 24 million tons we broke.
John Ferriola: We don't discuss our strategic plan. We've got competitors onshore listening to this call, would love to learn what it is we plan to do going forward. So I'm not going to make any comments at all. Other than we always say, no comment, when it comes to strategic planning and merger and acquisition opportunities.
John Ferriola: We think we'll be somewhere, and again, we're in a ramp up mode, so I'm going to give you a range here, because as I said, we are in this ramp up mode. It's somewhere between 700,000 tons and 900,000 tons.
John Ferriola: We are and that's exactly what's taking place right now. It's getting the process locked down. As you go through that, you might see different things that you want to make some changes to or improvements with. You might shutdown to do that. But we aren't anticipating any major shutdowns between now and the end of the year. That's the end of the questions. Well, I'm assuming there are no further questions, and I am assuming everyone is still on the line. So let me conclude by saying, thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We appreciate your business. We wouldn't be in business without your business. So thank you. And I want to say thank you to my Nucor teammates, for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, thank you all for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great afternoon.
James Frias: Luke, I'm sorry, one other thing I'd like to add is, as you think about our quarter-over-quarter performance, I remember that the first quarter was four days longer for us, the way we do our calendar cut-off than the second quarter.
James Frias: Yes. We think it's going to be relatively flat. It certainly hasn't trended up to where it would have needed to go to justify what was our original budget for LIFO expense.
James Frias: Yes. I'm not saying that we're going to making up at the end of the year to cover the losses in the first half. We are just saying that the fourth quarter's operations will be generating profits by our current estimation.
