Dan DiMicco: Kuni, this is Dan. Just to add to Ham’s comments, there is no doubt that raw material pricing is growing up throughout the chain for steel companies, also going up, obviously, because steel company and operations passing through costs to the downstream business units, both of our customers and internal customers and we’re going to have to do a good job of passing those costs along from our downstream operations to their customer base, because it’s – this thing is entirely being driven by raw materials of all types including coke, coke and coal, iron ore, scrap, alloys, you name it. So this process is not too different from where we were back in ‘03, ‘04 and we’re going to have to work to pass those prices along and we believe we’ll be successful in doing that in spite of the difficulties in the market because of the situation where the raw material price for everyone is going up.
Dan DiMicco: No, what we were saying was it was the apparent demand from our customers going up because they were done with the restocking, Michael and they were just now beginning to order more and more from the mills as opposed to take more and more out of their inventories. So it was actually a destocking situation. They’ve never restocked and we’ve never said restock.
Dan DiMicco: I would reemphasize what Keith just said as well that this has been going on for years. This is nothing new. When I was at Nucor-Yamato 10 years ago, we were billing it there, bringing scrapping from offshore.
Dan DiMicco: We are waiting for the last few weeks of the public commentary to be over with. And hopefully, we’ll be proceeding with the permit and then we will be announcing our plans for the 4,000 acres that we bought in Louisiana at that time. We continue to monitor the carbon debate in Washington, which has a significant cost impact on steelmaking operations of primary and raw types whether they would be pig iron or whether they would be just making liquid iron at facilities which are integrated and even though DRI plants are 50% less in terms of CO2 production, it does impact the economics of those as well. So we’re watching that. We’re watching the economic conditions. But we really can’t do anything in terms of moving forward until we have the permit in hand.
Dan DiMicco: Yeah. Well, I’d tell you what; we haven’t seen much of anything flow through to non-residential construction. And if you take a look at the commentary about people in our local papers around the country about the number of bottles and what have you that are out there not being fixed, I don’t think there has been much – any stimulus dollars making or even creating jobs in the non-residential construction sector. Now, we’ve said all along, Timna, that the second half of 2010, if we were going to see a measurable impact it wouldn’t until the second half of 2010 which we have yet to get to, but it’s a good question and you should continue to ask as we go through the year. It’s extremely frustrating with all of the jobs that have been lost and continued poor jobs claims numbers. And the commitment to focus on jobs out of Washington is a top priority to see that we are not focusing on jobs and not creating them. It is very frustrating and it’s going to have extremely negative impact on the rate of recovery and job creation overall and we got 25 million jobs to create over the next three to seven years and we are just not doing it, or if anything, we are making things a little more difficult for private sector business in general. So we’ve got a long way to go before spending those dollars of any kind or programs have an impact, number one. And number two, if you recall, we’ve talked about this before. Of the $800 billion first stimulus package only $60 billion was in conventional infrastructure …
Dan DiMicco: …and job creation. And we are thinking that it just hasn’t showed up yet, because of lots of time it takes and also, because of the lack of revenues that the state has to match the federal funding that would come along. So we’re basically nowhere and it’s been, I don’t know, a year plus since that got passed.
Dan DiMicco: You have to listen more.Mark Parr – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Well, I always like listening to you guys, so that’s a nice break in the action. Trust me.
Dan DiMicco: In general, we’re behind, but we’re working very hard to pass along the increased raw material costs. We’re going to have to do a better job at that going forward and we think we will. There has been a lot of price increases across many of our products, multiple price increases and we’re seeing the benefit of that. But in reality, we’re still behind the rapid rise in raw material costs. So we expect that to improve dramatically as we go through the second quarter. But I’ll let John give you more flavor on that.
Dan DiMicco: Luke, in my opening remarks I made some comments and I’ll just repeat them. We said that in our steel mill segments the improvement in operating profits was approximately 50% over the fourth quarter of 2009 with our sheet mills improving by about 80%. And that’s about as close to an assessment that we’re going to give out on relative profitability of the two segments. But you can take a look at what our total product mix is, that information is out there, you can ascertain how much of it is sheet, how much of it is non-sheet and you can get an idea from those ratios I just gave you how much of that improvement was in the sheet side of things relative to the overall number and where the other ones are. So a little bit of math, little bit of homework and you can work that out, but that’s pretty much the information that we’re providing at this time.
Dan DiMicco: We will respond based upon what the market tells us we need to do. If the market says we can expand margins, we’ll expand them. If the market tells us that we can’t, we’ll use it to be competitive. And the market I’m referring to is both the domestic and the international market because of the level of imports that we see every year and also because of what we’re doing in the way of exports. Obviously, our drivers would be we’ve got ground to make up on the scrap costs and other raw material costs even if scrap plateaus and if it goes down some, that will help and we’d like to be able to make up that ground. But the market is going to tell us what we can do and not do and our folks would be happy to read that market on a daily basis.
Dan DiMicco: Clearly in terms of geographical area, South America and Columbia is very good for us, Central America, the Caribbean. We’ve definitely that’s outside of NAFTA. Within NAFTA, Mexico across is very strong for us. If you think about the location of our facilities in the Southeast, logistically we can reach Mexico, South America, Central America very well and so those have been the areas that we are focusing on. Of course and again within NAFTA going in the other direction, you have Canada and we traditionally have put a lot of product and continue to grow our business in Canada, both through the Harris organization and with our bar products and billet sales into Canada.
Dan DiMicco: It will decline slightly is our expectation, not a lot. We’re thinking to be in the $40 million to $45 million range right now.
Dan DiMicco: Keep in mind, we are talking about the Memphis SBQ facility, the Castrip operation at Arkansas and the galvanizing facility in Decatur and ramp-ups on those things are going very well, but it just takes time to penetrate market, to build up customer base and build up production capabilities and proficiency. Teams are doing good job and are on track, but we are not there yet.
Dan DiMicco: In general, I would say that today we see that higher order entry is tied to real demand now. Not so much from differences between apparent and real demand, although the service centers and customer base have been keeping their inventories particularly lean and at some point in time there may be some additional buying as we go through the second quarter, get reinforcement and things are getting better as opposed to plateauing or going down slightly. Remember, there is modest stimulus in some segments of the economy that have allowed things to look a lot better than they had. They need that cash for clunkers both in the automotive sector and in the appliance sector. Something I read just yesterday that was very disturbing was in the appliance sector the cash for clunkers or the energy efficiency trade-ins have been strong for about three plus months when all of a sudden they started to drop off dramatically in terms of what the appliance makers are getting in the way of orders. So, we have to watch and see if that is a short-term slowdown or if that’s typical of what we saw in the automotive side after the cash for clunkers disappeared. The other thing to be cautious on the automotive side is that we’ve had a strong first quarter and that is because the automotive guys have been rebuilding their inventory, also because of the incentives that have been in place so they are throwing orders in the future. And so, there is some staying power questions with respect to the automotive side as to whether or not the first quarter build rate will carry through the rest of the year or not. We’re just going to have to watch it as we go and see how demand is in the real market. But more than in the past, we do believe that order entry is tied to real demand now as opposed to being impacted by artificial inventory destocking or restocking.
Dan DiMicco: Loonie? Didn’t that go into extinct to something?Charles Bradford – Affiliated Research Group: That’s what the Canadian still call their money.
Dan DiMicco: Not that I have ever spoken in a factual straight forward manner on questions like that. So, I don’t think I’ll change now. Our opinion on this is that, listen, if true demand is really increasing by that much, we’re fine. We have serious concerns that capacity being brought back will get ahead of the demand in the marketplace because the economy really isn’t growing. They are not creating jobs. We’re not seeing a lot of commercial construction and non-residential construction. And so, it’s a concern and it should be a concern for everybody and anybody that says it’s not an issue is kidding themselves and trying to kid you. So, if 9 million more tons is coming back in plus if we start to see a pickup in imports that’s certainly going to have an impact in the marketplace unless demand increases commensurate with that. We have some concerns about that. As you know, there is going to be another mill starting up sometime this summer in Alabama, (inaudible) in Germany and that’s just more capacity coming in at a time when people really aren’t running across the board at 100% utilization by any means, even on flat-rolled and there is so much more domestic capacity that can be brought back. So, if it all comes back and the straight skinny is if demand doesn’t go up with that, it’s going to have an impact. Right now, the odds are we’ll have an impact.Charles Bradford – Affiliated Research Group: Thank you.
Dan DiMicco: We are going to make a meaningful expansion but meaningful doesn’t mean doubling and I think we’re looking at – about a 10% increase in production there with what we’re doing now. But, yes, we are exploring that opportunity and that opportunity does exist under certain conditions and we have explored that and we’ll continue to explore doing that in Trinidad and elsewhere.
Dan DiMicco: I mean, yeah, we’ve talked about that in a very long-term sense, but we’ve not said anything about building a sheet mill down there today or in the near future, although we won’t rule that out. But no, what we’ve been doing in talking about in Mexico is the benefits coming to us by having joined the Mitsui joint venture at NuMit and the fix steel processing operations in Mexico that are part of the joint venture now and in fact it will be building a modern state-of-the-art steel processing facility in Monroe, that will be significantly larger than anything down there today. And that will include, as I recall, some processing further down like…
Dan DiMicco: We haven’t really talked publicly about putting a mill there. So I am not sure where you are getting that from, but it may be a confusion between the steel processing and pickling facilities and the concept of a steel mill or what have you, finishing facility is attached to. This is strictly a processing venture at this time.
Dan DiMicco: Thank you, Lora. I’d like to thank everybody who participated in the call both of Nucor and in the investment community. I appreciate your questions, appreciate your interest. I’d like to thank all of our Nucor teammates, shareholders and customers for your support of Nucor and helping us to continue to improve our operations and our profitability in these challenging times. And our best years are still in front of us, both for our shareholders and for our teammates. Thank you.
John Ferriola: I would just add to support what you said, Dan. Service centers are buying just what they need. They are keeping their inventories very light. Buyers remain cautious and we see this evident in a number of expedited orders that we receive on a weekly basis. And of course, our process lends itself to that type of a market to respond very quickly and meet those expedited orders, so it’s playing to our strength.
John Ferriola: I would say during the first quarter we averaged between 6 to 10 cargos and the only reason I give you that range depends on when they would shift and when they arise, but that’s the base at where we’ve been.
John Ferriola: It has been on for years depending on what we’ve needed to offset what our shortfalls have been here domestically or where the pricing arbitrage make the most sense.
John Ferriola: Right. We look at pricing, we look at availability, we look at what our needs are, we take a look at what we think is going to happen in the future and make our decisions based upon that.
John Ferriola: I would just add to that, depending on the particular operations, we have different levels of scrap on the ground. On our bar mills have been looking at probably a couple of weeks, whereas on the sheet mills it’s much further out. So Dan, your point is well made that it’s a function of when the scrap is being brought in and when the scrap is being consumed.
John Ferriola: We’ve set our goal for this year to export 15% of our product. If you look at that number, that’s just about 11%. So we still have some ground to make up. And remember, we are continuously improving and building our international sales team and our trading company. You might recall last call we mentioned that we have opened up an office in Dubai. It takes some time to get into the market, to get name known in the market. So, that’s going very, very well. So we expect that to continue to improve as the year goes forward.
John Ferriola: We’ll have some downtime, but it will not be major in our bar and long products with the operating utilization rates of what they are at, we do a lot of the maintenance during the normal operating periods when we have the time. On our sheet mills and in our plate businesses we are not expecting any major shutdowns on our plate business and we’ve already had a few both on the plate and sheet side, so we are not expecting any major shutdowns in the second quarter.
John Ferriola: Well, pig iron pricing has been increasing steadily. It has increased quickly over the last year. It’s probably in the neighborhood today of about $500 a ton, somewhere in that ballpark. So with that, of course, Trinidad operation becomes more valuable to us. The Trinidad operation has been running well, recently running at full capacity and continuing to push the envelope as Dan mentioned in his comments. One of the areas that we’re going to be expanding our operations is in Trinidad to improve and to increase the output of Trinidad. So it’s had a very positive impact on us through the first quarter.
John Ferriola: Franking [ph] and then also pickling. That’s the big advantage we are going to be having when we put our processing center in Mexico. In addition to having a great market for pickling there it will allow us to bring our products into Mexico more easily and distribute it better from Mexico from pickling. So it’s additional processing further downstream processing that will support the current steel processing in Monroe and other areas of Mexico and the pickling facility.
Jim Frias: And also, Timna, we have a steady stream of low-cost material coming in from our Trinidad DRI operations which goes specifically to our sheet mills and one of our plate mills.
Jim Frias: Yes. And more so obviously in the products outside of non-residential construction. You’re going to see some there.Mark Parr – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Terrific. Thanks very much.
Jim Frias: I don’t think that’s really hard a severe impact on the business relationship, cross border business for Nucor.
