Leon Topalian: Well, Martin, I certainly appreciate your question. As we look out, markets are moderating. I think one of the important things to keep in mind more broadly is when you think about the context of record years like '21, '22, '23. We believe '24 is going to be another strong year, maybe not as strong as 2024 however. When we see the specific people that play for our products either are flat or improving volumes Q-over-Q. So we expect Q2's volumes to be a little substantial, but a little better, excuse me, stronger. But as we look at pricing, it is moderating. But again, context is a really important thing. So, for example, in the product group, while that's coming off the historic highs, it is way, way above what we saw pre-pandemic levels. So we believe we've seen a pretty stable market out there I think regarding that group. And so again, I don't want to break out individual or break out individual pricing within those product groups. We're expecting Q2 to be a little softer, but again, it's relative. I still think there's going to be many of our product groups that are going to generate very robust returns for us and our shareholders. And a couple of those that are, as Steve mentioned in his opening remarks, if we look at markets across the segments really heat, the heavy equipment adding transportation is really the only area that we see declining a little bit from an overall demand picture. Other than that, construction, automotive, energy, service centers, we see either flat, stable or slightly improving as we head into Q2.
Leon Topalian: Again, Nucor is excited about our work that we've done regarding the entire sustainability front. Again, while other nations are looking to revamp their entire portfolio and spend tens of billions of dollars to try and someday 20, 30, 40 years down the road look like Nucor. We're not standing still. We're able to take the billions and billions that we're making today and continue to grow in places like data centers and racking and the investments in towers and structures and automotive and construction and providing solutions and capability for our customers for decades to come. When it comes to sustainability, it really becomes a very nuanced answer to your question. For example, the Mercedes Benz relationship we just announced was very important to them that we worked hard at our scope to emissions, right, that the renewable energy incoming into Nucor is how we produce these deals was critically important. But make no mistake, Nucor was the first out of the gate at scale to provide a 100% net zero carbon free steel, and we can do that at scale. A year ago, I think I used to figure that Nucor's capability in that realm was somewhere around the ability to ship at least a million tons. We can do more than that, but really what we're trying to do is identify the solutions for our customers that need different things. So there are some customers, for example, that don't want us to use regs or offsets to be able to get to that net zero target. Well, our starting point already at 0.4 is hundreds of percentage points below the traditional or extractive, steelmaking process in our integrated competitors. So our starting point becomes incredibly low. And then when you look to regional differences, there are different regions across the U.S. and Newport operating in that are able to lower that even further than certain steel mills like Sedalia that are operating at 0.09 or in that range. And so you have a unique opportunity again with the breadth of Nucor across the geographic footprint to really meet the needs today and long-term. Lastly, I'd just make the final comment and Dan anything you want to add or Greg is, it took Nucor, we were very deliberate before we came out with our net zero target. We didn't just jump out there in 2021 and there was a lot of pressure to do so. We did it when we believed there was a pathway in our control. We're not looking for government subsidies or handouts or technologies that would make the OpEx of steelmaking, quite frankly, unsellable. We're looking for the things that we can directly control and produce a true net zero product. And again, we're excited about that. We're well on the way to that. You'll see continued improvement in our overall performance. But again, leaders lead and we're going to be upfront, we're going to stay there, we're going to continue to make the investments for the long-term to position ourselves well for those customers that need and require Econiq steel.
Leon Topalian: I was just going to say, look, to get a little more qualitative, if you asked in sort of roundabout way, Nucor is probably not going to sit on $5.5 billion $6 billion of cash on a normal basis. We're thinking hard about that. There are some other activities in the M&A pipeline we're looking at that can't get any further than that to tell you. But again, you've watched our company long enough to know our return metrics, how we think about rewarding our shareholders and share repurchases, and you can expect that mindset and focus will continue well into the future.
Leon Topalian: In closing, I just want to thank our Nucor teammates for a great start to 2024. Let's continue to stay focused on our most important value, the health, safety and well-being of each and every one of our 32,000 team members that make up the Nucor family. And thank you to our customers and shareholders for the trust that you've placed in us both in the order books, in the orders that you give us, as well as the valuable shareholder capital that you trust us with. We will work hard each and every day to earn your trust in your continued business. Thank you and have a great day.
Noah Hanners: Let's talk about recycling first, and I want to go back and just hit on your point about DRI as well. Really the answer is margin compression and scrap pricing has been lower. We peaked in December, we've seen declining prices month over month since, and we expect those prices to stabilize and stabilize in the May and as mentioned in the [indiscernible]. So we expect the normalization of margin there. We also are bringing online, a new advanced metal recovery plant, our Bushnell facility in Florida, and we've incurred some additional start-up costs related to our commissioning of that facility. We'll work through those costs early in Q2 and you'll see our -- that'll contribute to more normalized margins in the cycle as well. You mentioned DRI as well. I just want to make sure and provide some additional context there. We executed 2 extended outages in DRI, in Q3 going into Q4. So we're back to running higher rates, higher volumes of DRI. Now that this plants are back performing consistently and that's been advantageous to us through Q1 and will continue to be in Q2 as you see us running high rates of DRI in our melt pick. So we're able to not participate in higher cost pig iron market and run higher rates of DRI. So our DRI plants are back to performing at that levels that we saw before the outages.
Noah Hanners: Yes. It was about $9 million additional in Q1. It will be minimal in Q2. We're nearly fully commissioned. And it is a standalone facility at Bushnell that allows us to recover higher rates of copper and aluminum. So it's not an add-on to one of our existing processes.
Noah Hanners: Nothing else this year. We're going to continue to learn from this process. It's really state of the art technology. We're going to take this and learn from the additional recovery we're realizing this process and then build out across the rest of our recycling platform to take this technology more broad.
Noah Hanners: Yes, that's a different process. This is really for nonferrous material. So if you think about upgrading obsolete scrap or shredded scrap, we're doing that at one of our facilities now, Berkeley, we're producing about 2,500 tons per ship and really that is an offset of a replacement for prime scrap or pig iron in our process. So we've got that fully at scale now and we'll continue to expand that capability to our other mills as well.
Steve Laxton: Curt, I'll just add on to what Brad and Leon have said. This is Steve. And Leon talked about the profitability being in a fundamentally different position. Our segment profits were over $0.5 billion from that segment this quarter. And if you go back pre-pandemic, we averaged call it, $450 million in EBITDA from that segment for a year. So we are fundamentally positioned different as a company today than we have been in the past. So when you reference this moderation, it has to be taken in a broader context of those along with demand trends that are Brad referenced that are pretty good. We're not going to get into the profitability particular products within that segment. We've not done that. But what I will point you to give you a little bit of an orientation. Again, Brad referenced that we have a very diverse set of downstream businesses, and 20% to 25% of our volume is from the joist and deck business and roughly 20% to 25% is going to be pipe and tube and about 20% to 25% is rebar fabrication. So I hope that gives you a good mix of the products that's set in that segment.
Steve Laxton: I'll field this, and Brad can clean up any misses that I've got. But yes, we particularly with joist and deck, given the lead times and backlogs that we've got there that are pretty healthy, we've seen very good price stability relative price stability over the last call quarter or so. That does lead you to have more confidence in what the back half of the year might look like. I've been around too long to say that we're going to call it trough at this point. There's too much variability in our business model overall. But certainly for joist and deck, that's a very, very positive trend in terms of stabilization. And just sort of like Curt's questions earlier around the diversity of the Downstream Products segment, there's other parts of that part of our portfolio that don't have that much linked to their backlogs and lead times. So that's why I'd be a little hesitant to say that second quarter, a trough, but I would characterize your question as affirming the relative positive position of joist and deck.
Steve Laxton: The only thing I would add to what Leon said is, and you're very knowledgeable of our business and know how that how our products flow through the different businesses we have. And we do see volume pickups in both steel and in products. And so you should reasonably expect that the quarterly limbs might look different for the second quarter than they did the first quarter. Having said that, the pricing pressure on both mills and products are expected to give us a little bit lower results in the second quarter. So I think your question was a correct characterization of some of those pluses and minuses as we look at Q2.
Steve Laxton: I think what you, the first quarter is really an excellent piece of evidence of how Nucor thinks about managing its balance sheet. And that's over number one, it's very long-term perspective that we take. And number two, it's a rigor and a discipline around we put our capital to use or if we can't find the right uses for it to create value, we give it back to shareholders. And that's something we've done for years, years, and that was on the same store in the first quarter. One of the reasons we had a fair amount of liquidity at the end of the year last year was because of potential M&A pipeline activity. And we felt comfortable releasing that capital, if you want to call it that in the first quarter, at a higher rate than we normally do. We're still set with an excellent balance sheet, great leverage position, good liquidity, an active M&A pipeline, a smooth commitment to growth. And so we're striking that balance. It looks maybe a little bit choppy because of the amount of dollars quarter-over-quarter from the fourth quarter, but we were blacked out parts of the fourth quarter from some of the share buybacks. So that's part of why you're seeing the change if you're thinking about quarter-over-quarter numbers.
