John Ferriola: Thanks, Jim. I’d like to conclude with a brief comment on international trade. It is our view that the subject needs to be considered with a long-term perspective. What will happen to our great country, if we continue to operate with a massive trade imbalance that is over $560 billion and growing? We agree with the administration’s efforts to address this issue. We believe these efforts will lead to a freer, fairer trade that will benefit manufacturers, our customers and American workers by creating a stronger domestic economy. I want to thank all of our 25,000 teammates across Nucor for seizing the opportunities the strong market is provided. The leadership team in Charlotte appreciates the hard work you do every day to build a safer and more profitable Nucor. We would now be happy to answer your questions.
John Ferriola: This is John. The only thing I’d add to that is of course our first priority will remain investing for profitable growth of our Company.
John Ferriola: Well, long products has been strong in the second quarter, as we mentioned in the script. Frankly plates and sheets were doing better, but we certainly were pleased with our long products performance during the quarter. We did see imports down a little bit but we also see construction going up a little bit. And that served us well in our long products, particularly in the rebar markets.
John Ferriola: Well, we have the outage baked into our guidance. And I’ll give you just a quick update on the shutdown. As I mentioned on our last call, this was planned shutdown to perform preventive and predictive maintenance on the facility, scheduled to be down for about 30 days. And we are scheduled to produce [prime] [ph] DRI sometime tomorrow. The vessel is heated, it’s loaded, and we are building pressure in it now. So, as of right now, it looks pretty good for a start-up, successful start-up for producing [prime] [ph] DRI tomorrow sometime during the day.
John Ferriola: Okay. Great, great, great, yes and no. Okay. Let me elaborate just a little bit on that. The performance of the tubular group has been outstanding. Frankly, it did surpass our expectations. We knew it would be a good acquisition. We knew based on their culture, they would fit well into the organization. We knew that there would be value in the synergies that were going across our sheet group. We knew that it would be profitable standing on its own. And all of those things came to fruition. The impact on our sheet business has been great. And I’d add this. One of the concerns we had as we entered into this was that we might lose some of business from competitors to our existing tubular [indiscernible], some other tubular products that we -- excuse me, customers that we currently sell to. What’s actually happened is our business with the competitors has actually increased. And I think it’s a function of working with sheet group and our tubular group. We’ve been able to fine-tune and tweak the chemistries that we produced in our steel. And we’ve learned how to produce steel that runs more efficiently and effectively in the tubular business. So, on all of those fronts, and it’s been a homerun. We’ve been really, really pleased with it. We are on track this year. We think there we will do little bit more than last year, and that last year was somewhere around 900,000 tons; our forecast for this year is about 1.1, 1.2 million tons. And we really haven’t seen a negative impact on any of our other construction or structurally related products. If anything, you would -- with the latest mill that we’re putting in to our tubular division that will be working more closely with our skyline division. We expect that to be another synergy that will bring value to both tubular and to our skyline business.
John Ferriola: We don’t look at just steel-making. As you know, we look at all of our product groups, plus all of our businesses. And yes, there is nothing specific that I want to speak to, but we’re keeping our eye on all opportunities and we’ll respond when the appropriate opportunity becomes available at the appropriate price that fits well into our organization.
John Ferriola: Well, our plate business in the second quarter was very strong, frankly second only to our sheet business. Some of our volumes were off a little bit in second quarter, it was basically because of some operational issues that we had at our Hertford and at Tuscaloosa, mill. They were operational issues that we took care of and we’re back into -- back going steady now. In terms of capital, moving forward, we would see plate as one of the areas, like I said earlier that we would consider. Certainly it’s been a good business for us. It’s a cyclical business, probably one of our most cyclical businesses. And over the long-term it’s been good for us. If the right opportunities came along, we would certainly be willing to invest in growing plate. One of the things that we hold out a lot of hope for, both our structural and our plate business is the infrastructure that we need to see some form of an infrastructure bill. While we are pretty confident we won’t see it this year, we do hope that next year, we’ll find Washington working together in a way that could bring a much needed infrastructure bill and it’s going to have to be put significantly to deal with the crumbling infrastructure that we have today. So, we think that as infrastructure continues to -- beyond on the horizon, construction continues to improve, plate and structural see a better demand.
John Ferriola: I’m going to reiterate what I said a little bit earlier and that is that look, our first priority is profitable growth of our Company. So, we’re going to continue to look for opportunities to profitably grow Company. We think that there might be some out there. We’re going to continue to look at all of them that come available. If at the end of the day, we’re in a position where we do reach that nice round number of 2 billion that you threw out there and there isn’t anything out on the horizon that we think would result in profitable growth of our company, then we will do what we always say we will do. We’ll return the valuable capital to our shareholders. Right now, I think it’s a case of we’re keeping our powder a little bit dry, still a little early. Remember that, one of the great advantages we have in having such a strong balance sheet was the ability to act quickly when opportunities do come up. And I would point to, the tubular acquisition. We have an opportunity to grow the company profitability with three acquisition in a fairly short period of time. To do that, we have to have almost $1 billion in cash. And we’re -- because of our strong position and because of our conservative financial practices, we had $1 billion. Bear in mind that those three acquisitions were done over a period of about six or eight weeks. So, for us to be very quick -- obviously, the sellers like it when they deal with us and they know that we have the cash to provide and we can tell it’s a cash deal. So, we want to keep a strong balance sheet so that when those opportunities come up, we can act quickly and decisively. Now, if they don’t come up, now we fall back on returning it to our shareholders. And then, as Jim mentioned earlier, we’ll do an evaluation. If it makes more sense to do it with dividends, we will do with dividends; if we think that stock price is at a value where it creates more value by repurchasing shares, then we will repurchase shares. I don’t know how much more we can go into helping you beat that dead horse. But really that’s our view.
John Ferriola: We always are looking at that and we’re not going to stop prosecuting case because of 232 or any other form of comprehensive transaction. We recognize that when you have a trade case that we’re successful in prosecuting, that’s a minimum of five years with the ability to do a sunset review to extent it maybe another five years. So, that’s a very long-term success. So, we’re going to continue to looking at them. There are couple. I’m not going to get into specifics. But I will tell you there are couple of products that we’re all looking at right now. We believe they are good, solid cases. And if we prosecute them, we will be successful in those cases. I will point out that we’ve got a great track record -- and I mean the industry, I’m not speaking exclusively of Nucor, but the industry has got incredible track. If I have the numbers right, I think it’s about 15 cases we prosecuted since around 2014, and we haven’t lost one. I mean, there might have been a couple of countries that was in the cases that got away. But as a general statement, we’ve been extremely successful in prosecuting the cases. That points to two things. It points to number one, the egregious nature of the violations that have been and in some cases still are occurring; and it points to the growing understanding by the ITC of the games that are being played as these violating countries continue to play the whack-a-mole game. So, we’re going to continue to do that. I will say on the 232, we continue to be strong advocates of the 232. We currently speak about whack-a-mole quite a bit. And the 232 provides a comprehensive trade remedy that eliminates that ability to go around with country and product substitution that drive us crazy, each case taking two years to prosecute. So, all-in-all, we’re very happy with tariffs, with the 232 action. We believe that the 232 is justified. We believe that the incredibly massive trade deficit needs to be addressed. And we think that trade -- 232 and tariffs will help trading partners come back to the table and come back and reach a more reasonable balanced trade agreement, which I think is good for the steel industry, it’s good for our customers and it’s good for the American workers.
John Ferriola: Let me help you with that a little bit. There was a little bit of effect on what you mentioned. But frankly though, the largest effect would be our Louisiana facility. It’s been running very stable, it’s going well for the last 4, 5, 6 months. That’s been a big plus. I also have to give kudos and a call out of thanks to our DJ Joseph team. They have continued to improve the efficiency of their processing operations. They’ve reduced their costs and continue to do so over the last year and particularly over the last six months. They’ve done a fantastic job of becoming more efficient. We’ve also mentioned on the call a few times an initiative that we call the mill alignment program. And that is not only extra value to our steel mills, but have healthy efficiency of our DJ Joseph operations. And finally, our team in Trinidad, once again, every time we say they can’t push that any further and become any more profitable and effective and efficient, they seem to find a way to do that. Once again, over the last quarter, they’ve been a stellar performer and that has contributed the [indiscernible].
John Ferriola: That was me. I was responding to a question that whether we would have any interest in being on the West Coast and whether or not I thought that DRI was a long-term, sustainable and valuable asset. So, yes, I do think that -- I’ll start with DRI. I do believe, as I have said many times, I think as the time goes on because of the things that’s talked about many times, recycling of prime scrap, reduction of manufacturing in the United States. That prime scrap is going to continue to come under pressure and become less available. And we, Nucor, we are going to need more of it as we continue to move up the value chain, so our presence in ultra-high strength steels and automotive steels. So, yes, we are going to continue with these prime, virgin iron units for some time. And we have also talked in the past and will reiterate concerns about getting our pig iron from geopolitically unstable regions such as Brazil can be challenge but certainly Russia and the Ukraine. HBI coming out of Venezuela is not the most stable country in the world. So, we see a need to make sure that we can take care of our needs of virgin iron units, so that we can continue to move up the value chain. So, at some point, we will make an evaluation on the second DRI plant. If we feel that that’s necessary, as mentioned in the past that we have all of the infrastructure in place to expand to the second facility and we will consider that at the right time. As far as the West Coast goes, the question really surrounded -- was surrounding cash. And we were talking about cash at the time and in relevance to the West Coast. I mentioned that that would be a good location for our cash, if we haven -- did want to get out to the West Coast because of the limited market and the limited production from the cash to facility. At this time, there are no plans or anything moving out to the West Coast.
John Ferriola: Well, we’ve done analysis and there will be some impact but it won’t be major. One of the things that you have to recall is that particularly if you look at our rebar business, it will be limited to us what we can send out into Canada which is actually shipping into Canada. But remember, rebar will not be coming into the country from other countries also. So, we actually see it as a net zero situation. In fact, for us, we will be able to serve regional markets a little bit better with scrap with -- with rebar that we’ve been selling [ph] out of this country. And remember too that we have our micro mills that will be coming up over the next year or two that will help us speed what we believe will be an increased demand locally and domestically for rebar. So, no, we all see a major impact at our plant in galv line in Mexico. I hope you got a question about that but that will be serving the automotive market in Mexico. So, we don’t see a negative impact on that. So, overall, we will have some impact. It won’t be major. We believe that at the end of the day, there will be net gain for the steel I general and frankly to the United States’ economy and to our Company as a result of what’s happening in trade.
John Ferriola: No, actually I was just was looking at service center inventories this morning. And thankfully, there are all running extremely low, somewhere in the neighborhood of 2.2 to 2.3. And that’s a relatively low number. We see a small uptick in some of the merchant product that’s been very small. And you also have to look at the shipments. And the service center shipments have been up pretty significantly over the quarter or so, that helps the inventory situation. And talking to our customers, I would say that there certainly is an abundance of inventory on our customers side, OEMs, they’re running pretty lean, but we are filling our commitments and making sure that they get steel that they need to produce their products and keep their customers happy.
John Ferriola: I guess I would say somewhere between the trickle and the flood. Obviously, we’re taking care of our long-term royal customers and that’s happening. We’ve seen a notable increase in their request for steel and we’ve been able to meet the request. We have had some new customers come to the door; when possible we take care of those customers. One of the things that we look for when we consider allocating some of our times to those new customers is just how strategic those customers are, what products are they in, do they support our desire and strategic plan to move into the higher value products. So, we take a look at lot of factors. But I would say, A, first, we take care of our long-term loyal customers; secondly, we have been helping our customers who’ve been new to us, whenever we can and particularly when they’ve been strategic to our long-term marketing strategy.
John Ferriola: So, let me close by saying thanks to our customers. We appreciate the opportunity to talking with you and to run your business every day. And Nucor’s always ready to join with you to seize new opportunities. And thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your long-term and ongoing confidence in our team. And finally, to my Nucor teammates, let’s keep winning together. Thank you for what you do for Nucor every day. And most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor. Have a good day.
