James Frias: Thanks, John. Nucor reported second quarter of 2019 earnings of $1.26 per diluted share. Earnings from our Steel Mills segment were lower due primarily to reduced shipments to our service center customers, reflecting their caution with respect to inventory levels and order rates in a weakening price environment. Earnings from our Steel Products segment improved in the second quarter in line with our expectations. Strong non-residential construction markets, along with increased productivity from our rebar fabrication and metal buildings businesses were the primary factors. Results from our Raw Materials segment were slightly better than we anticipated. It is worth noting that our second quarter results included $20.5 million of pre-operating and start-up costs related to strategic investment projects, compared with $19.6 million in the first quarter of 2019 and approximately $6 million in the year-ago quarter. First half 2019 cash provided from operations was approximately $1.2 billion, up from about $870 million for the year-ago period. Inventories and receivables were a source of approximately $400 million in the first half, reflecting consistent working capital management in a declining price environment. Our capital spending accelerated in the second quarter and totaled $650 million so far this year. We have received our permits for the Gallatin expansion, so between that and other projects that we have in our pipeline, we expect to increase CapEx further in the second half and approach our budgeted amount of approximately $1.8 billion for the full-year. With respect to cash return to shareholders during the second quarter, we paid dividends of $123 million and stock repurchases totaled $125 million. Thus far, in 2019, we returned 50% of our net income to our shareholders, while also investing for long-term profitable growth. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of cash on hand. Nucor's financial condition remains strong with total debt outstanding of $4.2 billion. Our gross debt-to-capital ratio was 28% at the end of the second quarter. Our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility remains undrawn and does not mature until April of 2023. Our next material debt maturity is in 2022 for approximately $600 million. Now turning to the outlook. Earnings in the third quarter of 2019 are expected to be lower than the second quarter. Inventory destocking, especially by service center customers has led to declining results year-to-date and our muted expectations for the next quarter. While we are encouraged by recent upturns in the prices for flat-rolled steel products, and as John mentioned, we do continue to see healthy demand for our major end-use markets. We finished the second quarter with much lower margins in sheet and plate steel and believe that margin recovery could take some time. We therefore, expect weaker linked quarter performance in the Steel Mills segment again, primarily reflecting reduced margins for both sheet and plate steel. However, we do expect that service center customers will resume more normal buying patterns in the third quarter. The Steel Products segment is expected to achieve further profitability improvement in the third quarter over the second quarter. Non-residential construction activity remains strong and we believe some incremental demand has likely shifted to later in the year due to difficult weather conditions during the first several months of 2019. Recent initiatives to improve the performance of our rebar fabrication and metal buildings businesses are also expected to continue to favorably impact results for the Steel Products segment. The performance of our Raw Materials segment is expected to decline in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, due to further margin pressure at our direct reduced iron or DRI plants. In addition, later this quarter, we will begin our plan 65-day outage at Nucor Steel Louisiana to complete major enhancements to the physical plant. Thank you for your interest in our Company. I will now turn the call back over to John.
James Frias: We don't disclose specifically which business units are going to be profitable, but overall we expect the Raw Material segment to be profitable. And John, do you want to talk about…
James Frias: And relative to your question about the second half of this year versus last year, obviously we don't give guidance for the half year. We're saying third quarter can be down because of where margins are at having bottomed recently and what we see going forward. But from a volume perspective, we certainly saw destocking began in the second half of last year and then carry into 2019. And there'll always be a seasonal slowdown in the fourth quarter, but we would expect right now and this is a long short guess that volumes in the fourth quarter of this year should be better than last year because we don't expect to see the destocking component in the fourth quarter, we'll just see the normal seasonal slowdown that we would expect.
John Ferriola: Thanks, Jim. Before we take your questions, I would like to acknowledge a significant milestone that Nucor teammates at our Darlington, South Carolina bar mill recently celebrated. As many of you know, Darlington is the first steel mill Nucor built. Back in the mid-1960s, our founder Ken Iverson decided that Nucor needed to be able to supply its own steel for its joist operations in Florence, South Carolina. Nucor selected EAF Technology for Darlington and took the first step in leading the transformation of the domestic steel industry that has occurred over the past 50 years. We celebrated this 50-year run at Darlington on June 26. Darlington continues to be a strong contributor to Nucor’s profitability and a valued member of its community. We look forward to another 50 years of success at Darlington. In closing, I would like to say thank you to our more than 26,000 teammates for the way you execute our strategy, and thank you for the work that you do every day to build a safer and more profitable Nucor. I would also like to say thank you to our customers. We appreciate the trust you place in Nucor and we will continue to do our very best to earn it with every order. And finally, thank you to our investors for entrusting us with your valuable capital. We would now be happy to answer your questions.
John Ferriola: I'll address some of the other issues. You mentioned about sourcing. We have several sources. You know, that there's some challenges in the iron ore marketplace right now, but we have solid secured deliveries coming in. We're not worried about that. Pricing is a bit of a challenge right now because of some of the things that are going on, but we feel good about the rest of it being able to get what we need and when we need it.
John Ferriola: We've built some inventory, but you know, we have – one of the great things about our raw material strategy overall is the flexibility of it. And we have the DJ Joseph team that's been able to go frankly, globally to secure any scrap that we need, you know prime or obsolete. We have great sources of HPI that we can bring in, again from David J. Joseph, and we have great sources of pig iron that we can bring in. So we are not at all concerned about being able to get the virgin iron units that we need to maintain, producing the ultra-high-strength steels during this period of outage from the DRI plants.
John Ferriola: Well, there's been two that have been introduced. The first one was maybe was three weeks ago – three weeks ago and we were able – it's $40 and we were able to get all $40 of that $40. The second one was just about a week ago, and it's really too early to tell too much about how much we'll get of that $40, but the initial week looks encouraging. We're also encouraged by the fact that as a result of these increases, we've seen an increase in the volume of our orders coming in, also for all three of our hot band cold-rolled and galvanized products.
John Ferriola: Okay. Let's start with the semi-finished product since you asked that question about JSW coming online and U.S. Steel. We have been supplying both of those companies, but as a result of that, we've built a pretty good product line of round billets and blooms that we can sell to the entire market, and we recognize that at least at this point in time, we're being told that we will lose that business in the next couple of years. We have been building a customer base outside of those two and we've been securing contracts with other customers. So we're confident that we'll be able to replace the tons from U.S. Steel and from JSW with other customers as they pull their business away from us.
John Ferriola: Yes. So when you look at tube, that's really been what's pulling down the downstream business. The tubular business right now - our tubular business right now is suffering from some of the same things that we've seen on the steel side, bloated inventories in the service centers have resulted in lower orders that, of course, drives the price down, that of course drives margins down. So this is in our opinion, this is a result of a too high of an inventory build during last year and the aggressive destocking that you see not only in our steel products, but also in tubes. So that's probably the biggest impact on our downstream business not doing as well as we anticipated and not doing as well as we did last year.
John Ferriola: Yes, I think that, you know, if this is a question of what's really driving the volume reductions in tubular and in our steel. Overall, we believe that the issue is too much inventory in the system that has to work its way through and that at the time that it goes through. You have to remember when you talk about tubular, 80% of the tubular was sold through service centers. So this really impacts – this issue of inventory, really impacts the tubular business, but it's also true of our steel business as we've talked about many times in the past. Inventories do not necessarily – service center shipments do not necessarily indicate what's happening with true end-use demand. We believe that end-use demand is still very strong and we see that in our order entry rate for OEMs versus our order entry rate for service centers. When you look at our order entry rates for OEMs, we're actually up in the first half by about 4% compared to the three-year average, whereas if you look at order entry for service centers we’re down 14% compared to the three-year average. So that's a pretty good indicator to us that end demand is still pretty strong. Of course, we talk to our customers who are basically telling us the same thing and I'm speaking in general now both of steel and our tubular products also.
John Ferriola: Well, I'll start with just general comments, and Jim you can comment on the year-over-year performance and half-over-half performance. I mentioned earlier that after the first $40 a ton increase in sheet price, we did see a pickup in our order for our sheet products and that came for both OEM customers, but also from our service centers. When we meet with our service centers, we talk about what they will think is going to happen in the second half, they feel that the demand, end demand for their products will be steady and still strong. They talk about the need for making sure that they get their inventories completely now, which is what they're striving to accomplish. But one of the things that we're seeing also that should be a good indicator of moving in and it's early in the game. So I don't want to be too overconfident here, but we are cautiously optimistic and we hit the bottom on pricing and on volumes. We see our lead times are beginning to stretch out a little bit. Whenever that starts to happen that encourages the service centers to come back into the market. Now with the OEMs, it's more of a steady state situation. So after the $40 a ton increase, we believe that that represented the bottom of the market service centers. Whenever you see pricing start to go up, they come back into the market. So we think that that bodes well for the second half of the year and we'll see how it plays out.
John Ferriola: I think if I can just build on that a minute, because I think it's important to think about what took place in 2018 as it related to the 232 and everything that was going on. First of all, if you go all the way back to 2017, with tax reform and deregulation, that was really a shot in the arm of manufacturing. And frankly, the order entry rate picked up, demand for steel picked up, and it was growing all through 2017, towards the end of 2017, but particularly in the beginning of 2018, a lot of our customers were reading about the fact that when the tariffs came into effect, they would not be able to get the steel that they needed to fill their customers orders. That created somewhat of a panic of both with our OEM and with our service center customers. They were convinced that the domestic capacity would not be enough to supply all the needs that they had to keep their customers happy. But as it played out, 232 came into effect. The imports did go down and domestic capacity was enabled, was, in fact, able to start up again and fill the need. But during that time when they were afraid of getting not being able get the steel, they put their inventories to very high levels, and of course, domestic capacity came on, everything settled down, the order rate and pricing returned to more normalized levels, but they maintained this high inventory. At the end of the year, they want to get rid of that overblown inventory, they began to aggressively destock. So what happens then, okay, they destock – the volumes coming into the mills, go down. Pricing results, as a result, goes down. And the next thing you know, we get into this spiral of – in fact, the aggressive destocking was so intense that was the end of last year and into the first half of this year where service center is selling to other service centers. So it became a very difficult situation and as always happens in our business, we always do things. Now we think that we're getting to the point where the inventories are down to the normal levels and we expect to see more normalized ordering rates in the next quarter.
John Ferriola: We think that automotive is going to be down about 2%, so that's one of the markets that we would say is weakening as we go into the second half of 2019. That said, our market share within automotive continues to grow. So there'll be a small pie and we'll have a larger piece of that smaller pie. So the impact will be less felt by Nucor and others in our space. Another one that I remember being looking from a chart that was down would be power transmission. There was a whole bunch of power transmission projects that were wrapped up at the end of 2018. So power transmission is an industry that we expect to be down also. Agriculture will be down a little bit as we see it going forward into this second half of this year also.
John Ferriola: Well, there was some loopholes and there we're pleased to see those loopholes being closed. And you're right, a lot of the regulations already were in place that it was a Buy American and we want to make sure we did stress the point that this was Buy American meant, melted, poured and rolled in the United States. So we took a little bit on a loophole away from that was existing. So in general, we'll see some impact. We do supply to the militaries, particularly out of our plate group and out of our SBQ group. So it's a positive impact to us but it is not a major impact.
John Ferriola: There's two impact that have occurred there on plate. First of all, you need to think about the weather conditions that we endured during the first half of this year, particularly in the first quarter. A lot of plate products go into bridges and so forth. Projects that you have to have good weather and wanted to be able to see, so there's a lot of projects that are on the books, but we haven't been able to move forward with them, simply because of the extreme weather conditions. The other impact is, as you mentioned, aggressive destocking. Just as we said with the – products earlier with tubular and with sheet products, the same occurred with plates. Inventory levels got way too high at the end of 2018 and we began the destocking program, and a little bit of a time delay on that one simply because of plate tends to trail hot band by about two months, three months in terms of both volumes and pricing. So it's a little bit of a time delay, but basically the same scenario played out in plate that we described earlier.
John Ferriola: Refractories, they're still pretty high. We haven't seen much of a reduction in that. Our alloys are still running pretty high, not quite up to the 2018 levels because just like everything else with steel, less steel that we're producing, the less alloys need unless refractory needs to be replaced. So the volumes go down and pricing comes down a little bit, that's more volume related than anything else.
John Ferriola: Well, I'll speak to – how about if I speak to the outlook for scrap over the entire third quarter, because it's pretty tough to get definitive into one given month, because we see the third quarter scrap pricing, we see it up $20 to $30 somewhere in that neighborhood and we don't think it's going to describe walkout out of control but we do think over the quarter would be a $20 to $30. We think that a pig iron will probably up somewhere in the neighborhood of $10 to $15. We're seeing some of that price reflected in the latest offers that we're getting. So $20 to $30 for scrap and somewhere maybe $10 to $15 on pig iron.
John Ferriola: It's hard to project. Right now, as we mentioned a couple of times, we're in a transition. We're in the cusp of the transition from a situation of severe to down destocking to more normalized order entry rate from our service centers. Not being a service center ourselves, we don't know just exactly where those inventories are. Rather than say, we know exactly what's going to happen with volumes going into the third quarter, I would say that we're going to transition, how quickly it ramps back up will determine how our third quarter volumes look relative to our second quarter. I think the important point to remember is this. We are seeing the transition and it's going back up. We see lead times expanding, and really important point here that allows me to sleep easily at night is that our end demand is still very strong and user demand remains very strong. If we didn't see that through our OEM customers, I'd be a whole lot more worried about what the rest of the year was going to look like than I am right now.
John Ferriola: Thank you, David. I'll close by signing off by saying again, I want to express our appreciation to our shareholders. We value your contribution and capital investment in our Company and we will treat it with great care. I want to say thank you to our customers for building our capabilities to better serve you. We believe that together we can build powerful partnerships for powerful results. And finally to my Nucor teammates, thank you for what you're doing for Nucor every day. Most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
