John Ferriola: Well, to your first comment, we're not going to speak about individual pricing in an individual quarter. I'll just make a general comment. And as we learned at the end of last year, we saw pricing strengthening. That was encouraging. We are encouraged by some of the things that we see in the marketplace today, but there are still some headwinds out there in some of our product lines. Clearly, our sheets and our SBQ business, our engineered bar business, is doing well. We expect that to continue. We continue to see some challenges on our other businesses. Plate, from a volume perspective remains challenged. And certainly, our rebar and merchant bar are challenged. So in general, we see pricing at the end of the year improving. We expect that to be stable to improving. Volumes will be about stable, and we're not going to go much further than that. The Louisiana DRI plant, we said in the script that we are – we've hit the pause button. We certainly understand and agree that the performance that we had last year, and frankly, in the past, at Louisiana has been unacceptable. And we're in the process of doing a complete review from top to bottom of our operation there, both from a process perspective and from an equipment perspective. In terms of commenting on what CapEx would be required to change – make any changes there, it's really too early to tell. We won't make any comment on that until we complete our analysis. And at that time, maybe by the next conference call, maybe by midyear, we'll be able to give you a complete update on what we're doing in terms of process and what we're doing in terms of equipment. But at this point, it's too early for us to comment. It's certainly too early for anyone else to comment. I will say that we have brought in a bunch of external experts both on blast furnaces, on chemical plants and on DRI plants. And we have a tremendous amount of internal resource that we can capitalize upon. As you know, we have a plant running – a DRI plant running in Trinidad that's approaching world-class production levels and certainly at world-class quality levels. So we've got a lot of resource, both internally and externally, that we can draw upon to complete this analysis, and we will. And we'll give you a complete update when we have completed the analysis.
John Ferriola: Well, strategically, we believe that our mix in sheet needs to be closer to the market mix at existed sheet. Today, we are a little bit under-weighted in downstream in terms of cold-rolled and in terms of galvanized, so we're focusing on those two areas. I would point out, if you look at the total – we in fact we consider our tubular business as also a downstream business. So if you factor in the tubular business, 900,000 tons to 1 million tons that we supply internally from our sheet mills, we're a little bit closer to that market mix, but we've got some ways to go yet. Certainly, the cold mill and the galvanizing line at Gallatin will get us closer to that market mix. We'll continue to move in that direction until we feel we are strategically balanced with the marketplace.
John Ferriola: In terms of our internal mix, we’re about 60% hot-band and 20% cold-rolled and about 20% galvanized.
John Ferriola: And to go back to your question about 2018, though, on scraps, it’s hard to predict what scrap is going to do long-term over the course of the year. But we think, over the next several months, we’ll see a relatively stable. That means up and down a little bit, but we won’t comment for the rest of the year on scrap.
John Ferriola: Well, I got to tell you, frankly, of course, all of our products and most of our customers, we see optimism that we haven’t seen in quite some time as – it’s a very positive attitude out there. And clearly, our customers are coming to us looking for more commitments for 2018 in terms of volume. So optimism, overall, looking pretty good. So I would be – I would say that it’s hard to predict exactly what the market would do as you go forward in the year. But right now, we see a great deal of optimism. You mentioned the one area where we see a little bit of a retraction and that’s in automotive. But I would point out that, although automotive production was down, as we said in the script, down about 3% in 2017, we increased our market share into that market by about 7% up to 1.5 million tons. So we continue to grow in that market and that’s a reflection of the – our continuous movement up on margin and higher-quality products, higher-strength products, we continue to invest in that. Our cold mill, and our Hickman facility, our Arkansas facility, will be a huge step in getting us even further into that automotive market. So we feel pretty good about the things going into 2018. Market seems good and there’s potential for some better news coming out, we hope. We think the long overdue infrastructure plan; we hope we see some action on that early in 2018. Now of course, even if the President does take some action, it will be a while before it goes down to our businesses. But when you look at infrastructure and when you look at Nucor and just the breadth of our products, when we get that badly needed infrastructure plan, and we’re going to get it someday because we need it someday, there’s no company that is positioned better than Nucor to participate in that infrastructure build. So again, we won’t see the benefits right away, but when they do flow down to us, we will be positioned in our industry better than most to take advantage of that infrastructure build.
John Ferriola: Well, that’s really directed at what took place in January. We had a storm, as you know, freezing temperatures that impacted our operations at Berkeley. It also impacted our operations at – adversely impacted our operations for almost a week in Arkansas both at our Hickman sheet mill and our Nucor-Yamato mill. So, yes, it’s early in the quarter, but we recognize that in the first month of the quarter, we’ve had – if you look at kind of summarizing all of our operations and the weather impact, we’re probably looking at an impact that – for the first month of the year, hit us pretty hard. So we just – we don’t know what the rest of the quarter is going to bring, but just kind of making you aware that this is something that will impact the first quarter.
John Ferriola: Well, specifically, on contract business, it’s – it would be our sheet business. And we this year we have about 70% of our total sheet businesses on the contract that’s CRU-based. Most of it is adjusted on a quarterly basis or monthly basis. I can give you an exact breakdown of what percentage is quarterly.
John Ferriola: Actually very good questions. And when you look it – I’m going to kind of start by putting the two of them together the galv question and you talked about bar but I’m sure you are talking about rebar, given our announcements, to a less degree, merchant bar. When we look at our business strategically, and you look at those investments that we’re making, frankly, it’s not just more of the same. In terms of our galvanizing, clearly, one of the investments in Mexico, that opens up a new world for us. We’ve been in the Mexican market quite a bit for the last several years, but not having in automotive and in terms of galvanizing, this puts some galvanizing boots on the ground right in Mexico. So that’s a geographical issue. In terms of our Gallatin galvanizing line, as we mentioned in the script, that will be the widest hot-band galvanizing line in the United States, and it’s located right there in the heart of that market. So logistically, we’ve got – we believe that we’ve got an advantage to the marketplace there also. The same is true of our rebar mill in East of Kansas City, in Sedalia. When you look at the location in terms of the market and in terms of the scrap availability, we believe that we’re going to have a very good logistical advantage in terms of our product and in terms of our scrap supply. So we feel confident about that investment. In Kankakee, we’re in the heart of the market. When you look at where the product is coming into that market from today, it’s traveling great distances from outside of the region. We’ll be right there in the heart of that market. And you make a good point about whether or not we are cannibalizing our other mills in terms of rebar by adding this thing. But if you look at our overall what we’re doing in Kankakee reducing the amount of rebar that we’re producing, shifting some of that mill into merchant, adding merchant, so we’re actually leveraging our hot metal that’s available in Kankakee in terms of our investments there. And then overall, what we’ve done is we’ve done a market analysis. Frankly, of course, the United States in terms of rebar and in terms of merchant, looked at where our facilities are located and did an assessment, and frankly, a reassessment of where we want to be producing what products to optimize our logistics. And the investments that you see we’re making today on the bar side are a result of that logistics and market analysis.
John Ferriola: To Leon’s point, he mentioned that the import picture is better. Imports are actually down, as we look at that. There’s also some domestic capacity that has come off line in 2017. And you mentioned a couple of things that were up on demand, but I would also add to that heavy equipment has been improving, and mining has been going up. And so those are two areas where we can see some improvement in demand also. So my comments were in general, but we hope, as we go through the rest of the year, we continue to see improvement in that area, but it’s still early in the year.
John Ferriola: First of all, that's about a 7% improvement 2017 over 2016. So, that answers the question about improvement. That is 1.5 million. As I mentioned a couple of times in the past, our goal is still to reach 2 million tons in terms of the split between sheet and engineered bar product. Of the 1.5 million tons, about 1.2 million of that is in sheet product.
John Ferriola: Our automotive is certainly one of the targets, but there's other targets that we are also focused on. HVAC would be another area that this would be useful in. The goal, in particular, in is to get into those ultra high-strengths steels that we believe not only are applicable to automotive now, but frankly, the light, high-strength steels we see are going to be in greater demand in automotive, particularly as the markets in automotive shift to maybe to electrified vehicles and other things like that as time goes on.
John Ferriola: Well, I'm not going to comment about what others can do. What I can say to you, and we said it in the script, that when you look at the specialty cold mill that we're putting in at Heckman, I think it's – in terms of the carbon specialty mills, it's one of three in the world, it's the only one in North America that will be able to produce ultra high-strength steels at very efficient levels. And that's really the key. It's – what we call a 6-roll mill that's able to be converted very quickly to a 4-roll mill. And that gives us the ability to reduce the number of passes to be able to get to those, a, light gauges; but b, also have the horsepower to be able to do the ultra high-strength at the very low gauges also. So I'm not going to comment on whether others can do, but I'm very pleased with what we've done in our Berkeley mills in terms of the chemistries and the metallurgical improvements that we made to be able again, to do the high-strength steels that use that type of steel that goes into automotive today and with high margins. And I'm excited about what we're doing in our Decatur facility at that galvanneal. Very excited about the cold mill that we're putting in Heckman. So we've made a big investment and we're confident that we will reach our goal of two million tons by 2020.
John Ferriola: You are correct on what you heard. We think that volumes will be basically stable, maybe slightly improved, okay, depending upon how things finish out the quarter. In terms of the logistical issues, there have been some. We’ve taken very proactive steps to address that issue, so we're in a good position. Joe Stratman heads up our logistics team, so I'm going to ask him to make some comments on some of the proactive steps we've taken.
John Ferriola: Well, it's actually a mix of all of the above. We do use, fortunately, have part of the David J. Joseph Company as part of the Nucor family. So they're able to supply us with information on what's going on in the world. We always take a look at the economics of the materials that we’re using, cost of the iron unit. So we do bring in some pig iron where that makes the most sense. We bring some of that in from Brazil. We bring some we’re still getting any from the Ukraine, a little bit in from the Ukraine. But clearly, our overall long-term strategy is to focus on DRI and to use prime scrap from the domestic market. So DRI has always been part of the plan and will continue to be part of the plan. Today, if you would to look at roughly our mix in terms of our sheet, it’s about 15% to 20% pig iron, another 20% to 30% DRI, and the rest in prime scrap or obsolete scrap. That gives you some idea of the mix today, but DRI has always been part of our long-term strategy. It’s going to be more and more important as time goes on. And the availability of prime scrap becomes more challenged, as we’ve talked about in the past, and not only big in terms of volume as manufacturing continues to move offshore. There’s less of it available. And as you continue to move through processing the prime scrap over and over again, you lose some of the quality of the prime scrap. So as we move forward, we think that our strategy of DRI is the right strategy. We will solve the problems in Louisiana. There’s no doubt in my mind about that, and that’s sort of how we view our automotive for raw material strategy.
John Ferriola: HBI has never really been a preferred iron unit source for us. It doesn’t travel well, and frankly, does not outperform as well in our furnaces as pig iron or DRI, or frankly, prime scrap, for that matter.
John Ferriola: We take a look at what opportunities are in front of us and we evaluate them on an economic basis as they happen to be upstream, so be it. If they are in our core businesses, so be it, if they’re downstream, so be it. Frankly, if it’s outside of our mainstream, and it provides a good economic return, we would take a hard look at it. So we’re not limited by what it is, what the opportunity is. We focus on whether or not that adds value to our shareholders. And if it does, then we’ll make the move on it. So one of the great things you’ve heard us say several times our strategy is going forward, our strategic plan is simple, but flexible. So we can move in many directions. And the good news is we have financial strength to take advantage of whatever comes in front of us.
John Ferriola: Well, in conclusion, I would like to say thank you to our customers. We appreciate the opportunity to partner with you and to earn your business every day. Now we’re excited and ready to join with you to seize new opportunities as we move forward. Thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your ongoing confidence and your support. And finally to my Nucor teammates, I want to say thank you for a great year. Thank you for the hard work you’re putting into make it a great year. Let’s keep it going. 2018 has the potential to be a better year. Let’s work together to make that happen. And more importantly than anything else, let’s make sure that we all work safely as we work towards that goal. Thank you for your interest in our company.
Jim Frias: I would tell you that, sometimes when you try and compute our conversion cost, there’s one factor that’s hard to capture the value of, and that’s scrap. Because we do publish what our use cost was, but that’s not necessarily what’s going through our P&L each quarter. So if you think about how we finished 2016, we had about 5.7 million tons of steel inventory, including scrap and all the steel that we’ve made that we either had at our steel mills order downstream businesses. And that 5.7 million tons had embedded in it, the scrap costs that we purchased in the fourth quarter of 2016, which is a much lower value. So we started out with some very low cost of scrap embedded in our inventory. So I think – if you’re not factoring that into your conversion cost model, then you may be overstating the step up in conversion costs in the second half. That may be a factor in your analysis.
Jim Frias: Yes Dave, I think that's a very good question. And in fact, if you look at – everything that's an acquisition, it's over $1 billion out of the $2.1 billion. And of course, acquisitions generate – you're paying a higher premium for the EBIT because they are immediately accretive in terms of cash flow. And so when we give the $400 million, probably, there's a bigger weighting that's tied to the capital expenditures than there is that's tied to the acquisitions. So it's more coming in the pipe than what we've already received. But clearly, we're getting the benefit of the acquisitions today.
Jim Frias: I don't want to be that specific. I'd rather not be that specific. We don't break out that kind of detail.
