Steve Laxton: Thank you, Leon. Nucor just completed another terrific quarter, the company had consolidated net earnings of nearly $1.5 billion, resulting in return on equity of 30% over the past 12 months. In fact, the second quarter of this year marks our ninth consecutive quarter where both net earnings exceeded $1 billion and return on equity exceeded 25%. These results highlight the advancement of our strategy and the growing earnings power of Nucor's diversified portfolio, and industry-leading capabilities. It also demonstrates solid execution by the Nucor team and ongoing favorable conditions across important steel consuming end markets such as construction, automotive, energy and industrial equipment. At the segment level, our steel mills group delivered $1.4 billion of pre-tax earnings in the second quarter, an increase of 68% over the first quarter. This was due to higher metal margins, especially at our sheet mills, as gains on realized pricing on steel outpaced higher prices for both scrap and ore base metallics. Second quarter steel shipments were similar to that of the first quarter. During the period, we realized slightly lower conversion costs including lower energy rates. Turning to our Steel Products segment. We saw another period of outstanding performance with segment pretax earnings of just over $1 billion. We continue to realize attractive pricing and margins, even as some subsectors like warehouses continue to moderate from their historically high levels of 2022. While Nucor operates a diverse portfolio of downstream steel products, some of the strongest contributions came from our joist and deck business and our pre-engineered metal buildings group. We also saw improved results in our rebar fabrication and Tubular Products businesses. In addition, as Leon mentioned, we've seen very positive contributions from our newly acquired Expand Beyond platform businesses. Our raw materials segment produced pretax earnings of $138 million for the quarter. Relative to the first quarter of the year, we realized higher volumes and pricing in both our DRI and recycling businesses. During the second quarter, we also continued to generate strong free cash flow, with cash from operations totaling $1.9 billion for the quarter and $3.1 billion year-to-date. This strong cash flow allowed Nucor to continue its balanced approach to capital allocation. In the second quarter, we deployed $525 million in capital expenditures as we continue to enhance and grow our core. We also returned $580 million to shareholders, including approximately $130 million in dividends and $450 million in share repurchases. Year-to-date, we've returned roughly 44% of our net earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Nucor's balance sheet strength continues to be a fundamental underpinning of our current and future success. At quarter end, Nucor had approximately $5.4 billion in cash and short-term investments, and our revolving credit facility remains undrawn. This strong liquidity position enables us to continue our balanced approach to capital allocation. Leon referenced the progress we're making on our $10 billion capital spending plan to leverage and grow our core, but we still have significant spending in our largest project ahead of us. We expect capital spending related to our West Virginia sheet mill to accelerate in the near term as we begin the construction phase of this project. And as mentioned earlier, we continue to cultivate a viable pipeline of growth opportunities to expand into new adjacent businesses. Maintaining the strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity are centrally important to enabling and positioning Nucor for continued future success. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we currently expect consolidated earnings to be lower than the second quarter. At the segment level for the third quarter, we expect earnings from steel mills to decrease compared to the second quarter on stable shipments but lower margins as we've seen prices come down for sheet and, to a lesser extent, long products. In our Steel Products segment, we expect performance will continue to moderate from the record-setting earnings of recent quarters due to modestly lower pricing and stable volumes. For the raw materials segment, we expect lower earnings in the third quarter due to margin compression of our DRI and scrap processing operations. Overall, non-residential construction remains elevated with especially strong activity from infrastructure spending, data centers and manufacturing. In addition, positive trends continue in the automotive and energy sectors. In short, we believe medium and long-term fundamentals of our industry and key demand drivers remain very healthy. This coupled with our strategy to grow our core and expand beyond position Nucor for strength well into the future. With that, we'd like to hear from you and answer any questions you might have. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Hey Bill, this is Steve. Thanks for the question on there. And the back half is definitely going to be a much heavier spend on CapEx. We guided earlier in the year to an estimate of around $3 billion on the year. And of course, we spent only about $1 billion of that so far and the largest project that we have by far is West Virginia, and we're about to enter a phase of construction there. So that's going -- in particular, that asset is going to ramp up rather quickly in the second half.
Steve Laxton: Carlos, this is Steve. I'll take that question. Generally, what you've seen since the midpoint roughly of last year is overall moderation in cost in general. And of course, that's been reflected in the CPI data and more broadly in the economy, and we're not any different than that. But in particular, energy is down around 20% year-over-year, for example. But you're seeing some moderation in freight cost and supplies and services in particular. Those are some areas we're seeing the biggest declines year-over-year in cost.
Steve Laxton: Yes. I don't know but I would project further decline necessarily, but we're not seeing the increases that we saw last year.
Steve Laxton: Martin, I'd just add one thing to what Leon said, anytime you see manufacturing growth, there's a multiplier effect in the economy, and there's a rippling and cascading effect for years to come. So all the jobs to get created from those various investments create follow-on subsequent investments, things like schools, housing, non-risk construction group, and that typically shows up a number of years later has, like I said, a cascading sort of effect. So that CHIPS Act will promulgate an awful lot of value for new form in the steel industry over -- longer time.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Alex, I appreciate the question. As we look over the course of this year compared to last, we're coming off historic highs, historic backlogs in volumes. And so some of that's moderating. We're seeing, again, continued robust demand in many of those sectors, particularly around non-risk construction, auto advanced manufacturing and the likes. Maybe provide a little more context on some of those long products and what we're seeing in the marketplace today.
Leon Topalian: Well, yes, I appreciate that. And a couple of things to note. And again, context is important in a number of different aspects, not the least of which. The second quarter of last year was historic for Nucor and really our industries. And so at that time, we're peaking and setting records in about every category that you can imagine, including about 7 million tons of shipments in that quarter alone, 2.5 of which was in our sheet group. And so what I would tell you is we look at Q2 of this year, we're not conceding market share. And in fact, we're growing some of that. And I'm going to ask Rex Query to touch base and give you a little bit more flavor of that. Nucor is focused on providing a capability set out for our customers, again, not just volume. At the same time, we're not going to concede market share. We're going to be delivered and how we ramp up. We've thought very deliberately about how we bring Gallatin on. I'm proud of what they and their team have done from a safety standpoint, from a reliability standpoint. And again, really taking a complete brownfield revamp of that facility while delayed, I'm really proud of the efforts that the team has made and now profitable and running at full run rate level. So Rex, provide a little more clarity for Alex around that in our market share gains.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Thanks, Timna. I'll kind of start it because there's a few different prongs that I want to touch on and maybe ask John Hollatz to touch on some of the flow-through effects that we're already seeing in our order books. But I want to begin with the backdrop. If we take a point in time like June's numbers of a drop of 53%. If you look at the overall year average, it's about down 25%. And again, the 2023 overall forecast is 27% down year-over-year. But you're coming off, again, historic highs. However, June, I think what you're asking is June, an indicator that we've reached some different in a bigger decline that's going to stay with us. I would tell you that it's not indicative of what we're seeing in our quoting data or backlog data. And as we talk to our customers, customers the feedback, reports that we're getting is, again, pretty resilient through the rest of the year. So it is off 2022 peaks. But again, as we think about maybe a 2017 to '19 average, it is still significantly higher than that period of time. So John, maybe just provide a little context around what we're seeing in terms of the infrastructure chips and IRA flowing through our mills.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Timna, I'll touch on that. And part of the expand beyond for us is a few filters that I'll share with you. One is a marriage up where we bring value as an industrial manufacturer, right, that there's something to that we bring to bear. We're not looking for disparate businesses, certainly not looking to become a conglomerate and again, having things that don't marry up or we don't bring value to. So that's one. The second is scalable with that we can maintain or grow into a market leadership position. Third is looking for adjacencies that operate somewhat out of the traditional cyclicality of the steel mill world, right? So how do we provide a more stable earnings profile through the long-term. And again, the best example of that is our CHI overhead door business that is operated prior to us acquiring them at a 10% CAGR for 20 years. And so their stability in that earnings profile is something that we look for a lot is we're continuing to look. There are a lot of irons in the fire. I won't get specific into the sectors, but other than to say as we look at the mega trends that are happening in our industry in the long-term, how do we continue to broaden that portfolio and again, increasing our value and capability set for customers and the returns for our shareholders.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Lawson, I appreciate the question. And I don't know we're prepared today to talk about that and provide that exact in that one specific end market. What I would tell you as we look to Q3, we expect volumes to remain pretty stable. Again, we think that business segment is pretty resilient. And again, we do see some slight contraction on the overall pricing that's going to flow through. But again, at this time, I'm not going to provide a specific number.
Leon Topalian: Yes. I'll ask Al Behr, our EVP over plate products to touch on it. I would just point out and tell you the excitement of Brandenburg to us internally and then to our customer segment in the marketplace has been extraordinary. It is the most diverse capable plate mill in the Western Hemisphere. The team has done a phenomenal job. Again, I shared earlier in my opening remarks about their ramp up and their ability today to produce 1 to 12 inches. Again, we're excited about being in the heartland of the largest plate-consuming region in the United States. Al, do you want to just maybe provide a little bit of insight into Q3 and that ramp up and again our expected profitability by Q4.
Leon Topalian: Bill, I appreciate the question. Over the last couple of years, really 3, 4 years, we've taken some very, very strong looks in evaluating our own internal portfolio, where do we gain efficiencies, how do we do align certain operations. And we largely feel that the overall footprint today geographically where we're positioned as well as the product offering is a really good balance into the marketplace that in customer segment that we're attached to and the dealer networks that we continue to have support and ultimately supply into. So I would tell you on that internal footprint, I think we feel very well positioned with the moves we've made to date. And while there will be continued efficiency gains, there'll be more smaller in nature. We don't see at this time further consolidation or closures in the future.
Leon Topalian: Carlos, I will attempt to answer that. So starting with the back half of your question first, our ability to pivot is instantaneous. And so again, we're not making products for our own edification, it's to deliver solutions to our customers that again, now Nucor has an incredibly wide and diverse portfolio this year on the website or looking at that slide deck. Today, Nucor produces and supplies into that typical warehouse structure. About 90% of the steel intensity needs are already being met. But you also have to keep in mind, and I'm not going to detail out what individualized percentage of the overall portfolio. But the warehouse piece for us is only a small piece of the overall mix when you think about insulated metal panels racking the joist and deck, the buildings, the towers and the entire portfolio of what Nucor brings to bear. Again, the overall matrix for Nucor and that revenue stream continues to look very robust. And so while you're seeing and you're right about the reduction in overall square footage, Nucor's earnings potential and you're seeing our volumes pretty stable. We think there's going to be a little bit of pressure as we get into Q3. But again, volumetrically, we have a very stable picture as we look out in the future. So again, I think it's going to be a strong year for Nucor in our total portfolio of our downstream products. But again, I'm not going to break out the individual revenues for each of those components.
Leon Topalian: Fair question. And again, as you think about that as a backdrop, it really goes back to our launch in my time on taking over as CEO, where we rolled out our mission statement to grow the core, expand beyond and live our culture. So the expand beyond piece was really the lens in which we're looking on, how do we continue to generate long-term growth and long-term earnings power for our shareholders. Part of that analysis and strategy has come back and embedded in the expand beyond that we are looking for businesses that generate more consistent through-cycle earnings profiles than the traditional cyclicality of the steel business. So at the heart of what we do well, we're an excellent industrial manufacturer. So part of that overall analysis and backdrop is, well, if you want to be comparative against the industrial manufacturers, we've got to bring our cyclicality of earnings closer together. We've got to provide a more stable return performance and profile to our shareholders. And so that's really where the entirety of our time and spend and looking at expand beyond and what businesses we want to onboard that fit the long-term profile for Nucor that does just that, again, stabilizes that through cycle performance and again, generating higher highs and higher lows for our shareholders.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, fair enough. And so I think there's two things to think about there. One, we have seen substantive shifts in the industry. We've seen consolidation. We've seen rationalization, and we've seen a massive change in trade. If we go back 5 or 6 years ago in trade, for example and we have 50 cases that the industry had won against bad actors that were legally dumping or subsidizing steels. Today, that's over 120. So while the overcapacity situation in the world will never ever be gone or advocacy has got to remain vigilant, Secretary Raimondo or Katherine Tai - USTR understand that incredibly well and are very supportive of the industry as well as the manipulation that can occur. When you look at the consolidation or rationalization in our industry it has created some outcomes that are much more advantageous that are stabilizing those earnings. So I think with that, we're going to get a much more consistent outflow. You saw back in November when we had our earnings day, our projected through-cycle EBITDA with the online of West Virginia. It's about $6.7 billion so that's the through cycle. So we expect peaks to be much higher. And quite frankly, we don't expect the troughs that we saw pre-pandemic to occur for us. Additionally, though they expand beyond sort of shores that up. It embeds in that. And again, go back to CHI, we bought it at 13x today with the performance that it's generated, it's calculating now more like a 9.2x or 9.3x on that EBITDA value. So they continue to perform because there are synergies inside of Nucor that are going to grow that platform in that business segment. Again, so together, I think that creates a very compelling case for why we believe we're one of the best industrial manufacturers and certainly in the industry, while we ought to be -- have a compelling story to trade at a higher multiple.
Leon Topalian: Yes, look, fair question. I think you're going to see it across our portfolio as you're going to see in plate, you're going to see it in longs and bar beams, you're going to see in joist and deck, you're going to see it in racking. You're going to see it through the Nucor warehouse systems group and again, that build-out. So I think there's going to be a fair distribution across Nucor's portfolio that's going to see an increase. The other thing to keep in mind Nucor's overall volume, about 50% of that flows through the construction end markets in some form or fashion, and that's targeting right in line with that all three pieces of those legislative investments from our nation and passages. So the position Nucor sits in today across those spectrums are well suited to deliver those outcomes. But again, you're going to see that mix distributed fairly well across several of our product groups.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Maybe I'll kick it off and let Dan Needham, our EVP over commercial, maybe give some broad context. But we're having a lot of those conversations and have actually for the last year, and year-and-a-half about what does that look like? Again, with all the negatives of COVID, one of the things that it did and I believe in this country is it showed our overdependence to foreign nations on many, many things, not just steel, but pharma and PPE and medical devices and the like. And so you're seeing that move come back and you mentioned the semiconductors, and I'll touch on that and turn it over to Dan. But when we were running short on semiconductors, it obviously has massive impacts through the automotive sector, but others as well in HVAC and other industries that are dependent on those. So with the CHIPS and Science Act, $55 billion piece of legislation passed that now put to date, 34 projects on the books to be built in the United States, totaling $374 billion of build-out, very steel-intensive type buildings. And some of those individuals are massive, $20 billion, $23 billion, $25 billion investments in single plants. So as we talk to those customers and the GCs and the architects and engineers, to partner with them. The size and scale of that reshoring effort is massive. It is not inconsequential. It is a significant overall volume of the ADC. But Dan, maybe just provide it as well another backdrop as we think about our customer interactions with infrastructure and IRA.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Martin, look, I think anecdotally, you're right, a single individual plant may not move the needle for Nucor a 30 million tons a year of capability and capacity. However, if you look at the aggregate, if you look at the next 10 years, which is really the cycle these legislative bills are built up on or you're talking about somewhere between 6 million and 8 million tons of steel demand annually for 10 years. Well, that's 7% or 8% of our overall ADC in this nation. And so it's not going to spike the United States as an industry to move from 105 million or 110 million tons of steel consumed to 180 or 190 but it's a strong indication of a long-term trend that's going to be here. But the other pieces of that, and I think at the heart of your question are -- and what are those regions that Nucor is positioning itself to offer? Well, one of those, for example, is towers and structures. That is a massive growing industry. We've announced our small acquisition with some in industries we're very excited about. We just announced our two greenfield plants that are going to be built to continue to ramp that business up and growing it because every one of those transmission lines, every one of those towers and structures are individually designed by the utility themselves. So again, with our breadth of exposure and engineering and pipeline, we marry up really, really well to serve that industry and that market again for a long period of time. So while the individual plan, you're right, may not move the needle. You're also talking about a decade worth of work. So this is not short-term in the legislative side, but the other investment piece that you're seeing at Nucor is to identify those megatrends that will be growth platforms, again, for many, many years to come that are outside of those legislative windows as well. Automotive being another one, energy and renewables out touched on the plate. We are the only producer in the Western Hemisphere that can make the monopiles for the offshore wind, what position [indiscernible] Brandenburg for the long term build-out of the renewable sector in this nation. So there are many of those industries that we're coupling and again, building capability sets today because that's where we know the industry is moving.
Leon Topalian: Well, now we need to bring you in the executive strategy session we have. So the answer is yes to all of the above as Nucor and Chad Utermark leads our new markets and innovations team, the towers instructors team, the M&A team are all sitting down, identifying and doing exactly what you just shared. Where are the trends? Where are the supporting structures unintended to augment this business to continue to provide adjacencies where we believe there is value to be added. We're doing the same thing as you look at the slides on the warehouse buildings and structures where else can Nucor marry up. So as Dan Needham pointed out, we can walk in with a complete packaged solution for our customer set. We're doing the same thing in automotive. And you'll see in the coming months that we will release the same type of slide that does the cross section of the automobile. Where are we today? What are we targeting and where will we be in the next 3 to 5 years because our anticipation is that we're going to double our volumes into the automotive industry. West Virginia, for example, is targeting about roughly a third of their overall mix to be in automotive that from an individual plant standpoint would be the largest volume per capita into that sector. So again, we've got a lot of plans built into how we continue to grow this company and where we're going to position it for future growth.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. And I want to thank the Nucor team for delivering a great and safe first half of our year. Let's continue to make sure we take care of our most important value, the health, safety and well-being of the entire 31,000 Nucor team member family. Thank you to our customers as well and allowing us the privilege to serve you with each and every order. And finally, thank you to our shareholders for the trust that you've placed in us to be great stewards of the valuable shareholder capital that you've entrusted us with. Thanks for your interest in Nucor and have a great day.
John Hollatz: Good morning, Alex. This is John Hollatz. I'll speak specifically to long products. So you've got to keep in mind that when it comes to Nucor's long products portfolio, we have the most diverse offering of any long product company out there. We've got rebar, merchants, SBQ and rod all mixed into those numbers. The rebar demand has remained steady. That's about even with where it was last year as we would expect. Where we've seen some declines on the rod side and on the SBQ, you've seen inventory buildups over the course of last year that have been making their way down over the course of this year, and we're feeling some impact of that. But again, the bigger portion of that is the rebar side, which remains very consistent.
John Hollatz: Yes. Thank you, Leon. Good morning, Timna. On the infrastructure bill, we're really seeing still design and budgetary work being done on those projects. So we expect that would flow our way probably more at the end of this year, beginning of 2024. On the chip side, those projects are currently in motion. They are sitting in our backlog. Some have actually been delivered, and we're seeing the benefits of that specifically on the rebar and rebar fabrication side. You asked about backlogs, I'll touch on rebar fabrication. I'm really proud of what our team at Harris Rebar fab has done over the last year. We are comfortably going to have a record year in that business and the margin in our backlog right now is higher than it's been at any time in our history since we have owned this business. Our backlogs are down just slightly year-over-year. That's by design where we were coming off of a record backlog a year ago. But we're positioning ourselves because of our geographic footprint across the entire country to take advantage of this wave of work that continues to come with the CHIPS act and the infrastructure bill.
John Hollatz: Yes. Tristan, ultimately, the market is going to demand margins on any products that we would produce, and we're going to monitor that closely to making sure that we're taking care of our customers. You had mentioned imports on rebar. Year-over-year, import volumes on rebar are down slightly. We've seen a reduction from Turkey. I think everyone's well aware of what's happening over there. You're seeing some increased volumes coming out of Algeria, Egypt and Mexico. But overall, year-over-year, it's actually down by comparison.
Al Behr: Yes. Thanks. And I don't know, Lawson, if I'm in a position to comment beyond on the profitability, what we've given you about achieving it in Q4. But I can talk a little bit about volumes as we look at the second half. And it's heavily weighted towards Q4. So of the 300,000 tons, I'd say you'd see 100 that in Q3 and 200 of that in Q4. So that might help you to kind of pencil out what that looks like for the year. But as Leon said, we remain focused on the capabilities of that machine, which are extraordinary. We've hit several milestones even within the quarter over rolling a 12-inch finish plate. We've cast a 12-inch slab at that caster. We just continue to grow our capabilities in all the casting, rolling and finishing breadth that plant can do. We're going to be strategic about rolling the tons out. We're going to be careful and thoughtful about it, but I've given you about the best estimate we have on how the second half would look.
Al Behr: Yes. Well, with regard to pricing, ultimately, the market is going to decide the pricing and supply and demand dynamics do that. I would say Brandenburg is primarily a discrete plate mill and discrete plate does carry a premium over hot-rolled coil plate so that mix will be helpful as you look at just backlog pricing and overall mix pricing, but that's probably as much granularity as I could give you as we just look into the next year.
Al Behr: Yes. Tristan, this is Al Behr. I'll speak a little bit to plate demand. When we just look at the general market. There are several areas of strength that we see carrying through the rest of the year. Ag and heavy equipment remain fairly strong. Onshore wind has picked up with the passage of the IRA and brought some clarity to opportunities there, service center buying has picked up versus a year ago. So those are all tailwinds to demand. And we think the plate market will continue to be fairly strong through the rest of this year. You asked about offshore wind. That's certainly a big opportunity for plate, and we watch that closely. The easiest way I can tell you is it takes about 250 tons of steel for every megawatt of offshore wind put in place. So you really have to come back to what you think is going to be built in any period of time offshore, and there's a wide spread in those estimates, but it takes about 250 tons per megawatt to execute that. We don't see that coming this year or even much into next year. But I think it's a huge opportunity for plate that as the years beyond that start to play out, there's a lot of tons that feature that math. Closing up real quickly on the other infrastructure parts and the spending you asked about. We do see that in plate. There is a lot of opportunity that creates in plate. We're starting to see that today with Bridge work, especially much more to come and it's just in its early stages, but that money on those opportunities are starting to present in the market.
