Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you, John. I want to again thank everyone on our Nucor, Harris Steel, David Joseph, Duferdofin and Steel Technologies teams for working safely, working hard, working smart and working together. You are the reason that I could say with the greatest confidence that Nucor's best is yet to come. Before moving on to questions, I would like to read a favorite quote of mine. "Some people make things happen. Some people watch things happen. Other people wonder what happened. The rest often criticize those that make things happen. Be part of the solution, not part of the problem. Remember, this is your world. Shape it or someone else will." We would be happy to take your questions.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, we're not locked in to a financial instrument. We are actually involved in drilling and in a joint venture partnership. And the cost per unit million BTU of natural gas, as we are producing it and where pricing is today, does not put us at a competitive disadvantage.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, they'll obviously be very important because the direction that we're heading here with this additional capacity and our continual movement up the value chain, whether it be in sheets or bar or plate, the heavy equipment sectors, the energy sectors, the automotive, the appliance sector, but in particularly the automotive, will be very important and we'll be able to continue to participate at greater levels and greater percentages with our current growth strategy and with capital that we're going to be spending over the next couple of years in each of those markets, as those markets continue to improve as the economy recovers.
Daniel R. DiMicco: We're not going to comment on that. Rest assured, we're going after whatever market is available to us from our customers. But as far as talking about how many tons we're taking from 1 customer or another, or from 1 producer to another, number 1, we don't really know that; number 2, it's inappropriate.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The other thing, there's a huge pent-up demand for a lot of infrastructure work, energy work, that needs to be done that's going to take public, private partnerships to make these things happen. I was encouraged by what I heard in the State of the Union; of course, words are just that. Strong actions are necessary and we look forward to those strong actions actually helping the nonresidential energy construction markets in 2012. But it's too early to tell where that'll come from and how strong it'll be. But there's no doubt that we're past the time when we have to make these kind of investments and find the money to do it.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, the RG doesn't really impact the nonresidential construction that we're talking about and the issues that we're talking about with respect to what the President had to say in that regard, and in the energy sector. And imports are always an issue, always a concern, something that we constantly monitor on a daily basis. Not just a monthly basis. And we have strategies in place to deal with imports, whether they be proactively in Washington, constantly monitoring the flows, the pricing. And we hear about it all, nothing gets hidden from us and we will take appropriate action, as necessary, both in the marketplace and through our legal channels in Washington in a proactive manner. But imports are always an issue. And for the year 2011, imports were up fairly strongly, particularly considering the overall capacity utilization rate in our domestic industry. I think they were over 20% of the market, way too strong considering where the domestic industry is. And they've ebbed a little bit over the last few months, but we know that the tide comes and goes and so we would not be surprised to see it strengthen as we go through the year, and also weaken depending upon what ramifications there are and what remedies we take to deal with them in the marketplace or elsewhere.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Our bonuses and profit-sharing and what have you, all add to that as we become more profitable going forward.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, I would have to definitely characterize our current growth mode as being internal, optimizing, broadening our product reach, broadening our quality reach, moving into raw materials more strongly, energy. All those things are true. We are constantly in tune with the M&A opportunities that may or may not exist from time to time. Those are things we always evaluate, so I wouldn't say we're any less interested in M&A activity. I just would say that there's not a lot of that taking place at present. And even where people tried to get some things going, they didn't pan out too well. And so our major focus in our capital expenditures are going to be as we've already discussed. It will be substantial. They will increase as we continue to go forward through 2013 into '14. We have a lot of projects that we're evaluating and a lot of projects in the works. And we will discuss them as they get to the point of becoming reality. And most of those continue to be based upon strengthening our existing footprint, maybe some international growth in certain areas of the world, particularly in the Western Hemisphere, Central and South America, as well as in North America.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The biggest positives on the downstream are the year-over-year improvements that we've seen in virtually all of our downstream businesses in terms of profitability. And where there were some strong negatives, those strong negatives have shrunk dramatically. And we believe we'll continue to see that level stay where it is today, with some slight improvements. But again, we've been very cautious in saying we expect small improvements. If some other things fall into place that could be significant improvements. There are more manufacturing coming back to the country. It's not a flood by any means, but it's happening. We're building things here. Other companies are building here because of the special natural gas game-changing events that are taking place. Chemical companies are building plants that they weren't building for the last 20 years and they're expanding others. So there are some good things taking place in the construction arena. And certainly, we will be providing a lot of steel to our own growth plans in Louisiana and elsewhere. But there's no robust change in construction; we're still bouncing along the bottom with a slight upward tilt to it. Hopefully, we'll see that improve during the course of the year. We believe it will, but it's yet to be determined.
Daniel R. DiMicco: About 5%. We may see something similar to that over the next 12 months, we may not. GDP is only -- is getting revised downward, both here and around the world. Pretty much folks are looking at a 2% growth rate in GDP here, and that doesn't bode well for big changes. But we didn't have much better growth rate last year and we still were able to improve our utilization rates in certain markets improved by 5%, on average. So we expect to see something similar next year.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, certainly we will see a benefit with the way that spot prices have going and market prices have gone. I don't think we sat down and figured out what that's going to be at. But it probably will be significant. That's totally unrelated to the drilling program that we have with our partners.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Some regions of the country more than others, and we're not in a position to give you a breakdown on that. But I think on average, in this country, natural gas is about 20% of power generation across the country. That is going to be growing as we speak and coal percentages will be coming down, but that's about where it is today. So you could probably figure, on average, 20% of our electricity is coming from natural gas-fired facilities, and the fuel charges and what have you will give us, will benefit us to that level. I think there was an article, Michael, the other day that came out and said that the benefit of natural gas in general right now, with pricing moves that have taken place to the low side, are actually reducing power rates by 50%. Quite significant. And so that trend is probably going to continue at least for the interim. But keep in mind that the market is going to make adjustments. Natural gas is in a situation today where technology has created a readily easy abundance. That will drive the market to use more of it. And when we look at something like 1 or 2 or 3 DRI plants, we're looking at 20, 30-plus years where we want to maintain a stable supply. That's why we have entered into these drilling programs in partnership. And there's no doubt about it that you have oil where you've got it at today and projected to be at in the future, that the market's going to take advantage of low-priced natural gas and the price of natural gas is going to go up.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Right now, I'd say our plans, our immediate and medium-term plans are to do this in Louisiana. The site there is significant, it enables the movement in of raw materials and the movement out of product along the river system quite easily for us. Most of the plants consuming it are going to be on the River. Crawfordsville benefits remain in that heartland scrap breadbasket, where there's a lot of prime scrap. And I don't think they use much pig iron at all. At any time, over the years, we've been using pig iron because of the availability in pricing on the low residual scrap in that market. But the other places on the river system where we have facilities, it's a tremendous benefit for us.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, OCTG covers a wide breadth of products. We supply a lot of product to the pipe and tube industry, including oil country grouping. And some products, we would be able to get into without creating any issues. Some products would be a little bit more difficult. Every time I ask my teams about it, they're cautious, but they also believe that done the right way, we could get into it if we decided we wanted to. So that opportunity is there for us, but it's not one of our, as you can tell, one of our pressing investment strategies at this point in time.
Daniel R. DiMicco: A view? I'll give you my view. They should be down 20%, maybe 30%. Now, that's my view, my opinion. Exactly what's going to happen, there'll be continual import activity the way there has been. Imports aren't going to go away. They just need to be traded properly, fairly and not illegally. And we'll deal with it.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Remember that the expansion that we're doing at Berkeley involves not just width, but also going lighter, and it also involves shipping product to some of our other mills, like the Decatur mill, where we'll be able to galvanize 72-inch wide. And so with all that you have to take into account when you're talking about how much more of the market does this open up for you, it's both a width and thickness benefit. John, you got any...
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well listen, Nucor has been doing this since we bought the first to Steel Mill. We did it when I was out in Plymouth, Utah. We did it when I was at Nucor-Yamato, and we're doing it today. And the biggest area that we've been doing it in is the newest product group that we've gotten it to over our history, and that's flat-rolled and plate. And we've moved into the high end of the SBQ business as well. And it's been a continual thing. It's been part of our strategy, and the key to it, for us, is that you do that without vacating any of the other spaces that you've occupied. That was a mistake a lot of steel companies made 20, 30 years ago, where they basically let the mini mills in at the low end and held onto the high end. Our strategy is one based upon learning from that painful lesson. And so we are growing our footprint, not shifting it. That's an important distinction and we're going to continue to grow it. And it won't be long before there's not a grade of steel in any of those product lines that we're not capable of making on a consistent basis.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Plate mill is something that we're continuing to investigate. We've taken a look at sites and it's an opportunity that, as the market continued to develop, we will switch our emphasis from one of exploring to one of actually implementing but we're not at that implementation stage yet.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, the magnitude of the improvement from 2010 to 2011 was significant. We don't expect to see the same significant level of improvement, but we do expect to see continued improvement, particularly in the middle to the latter part of 2012.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, always keep in mind that while raw materials maybe the initiator of pricing moves, it's the market that determines whether or not you can hold onto those pricing moves that you worked to get because your raw materials are going up. And it's something that if the market is strong enough, it'll allow us to recoup those costs. In the recent time period it has. And we hope that, that trend continues going through next year. There's obviously a whole host of issues that can impact that, and we’ve talked about some of them today, and you guys have brought some of them up. But you always have to keep in mind, just because scrap costs go up or ore costs go up or coal costs go up, doesn't mean that you automatically get it back in price increases. The market has to be conducive to it. The demand in the marketplace has to be strong enough to accept it. And so that is not a direct result every time. And you've seen us have to move up and down based on what the market says we can get for pricing.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, as we mentioned earlier, on the SBQ, it could be as much as even 20% on the SBQ. Rick [ph] and the guys are now comparing notes on the other product lines -- the horses are coming in lined up. I think we're ready to give an answer.
Daniel R. DiMicco: But those are all growing opportunities. Those numbers will move forward as the energy activity continues to develop in this country, which it is going to for decades to come.
Daniel R. DiMicco: If there are no more questions, I'd just like to say thank you for your participation and your interest in Nucor. And once again, thank our shareholders and our teammates and our customers and suppliers for helping make Nucor a success, a continuing success. Our best years are truly yet to come. Thank you, all.
James D. Frias: Well, we always do have a lag between our purchase of scrap and when it shows up in our production of steel. And you're right, we are saying that scrap will be down moderately as we go into February, driven by, we've had a pretty mild winter and Nucor has made some pretty strategic overseas buys, which will be arriving in the February timeframe. But we do expect, longer term, scrap pricing to rebound, probably in the March timeframe. Because at the end of the day, it's still winter, steel mill production is still steady and the dollar is depreciating. So short term, we see sideways to moderately down. Longer term, we see it rebounding.
James D. Frias: Yes, that was the biggest single factor. There wasn't anything too unusual to call out in SG&A in the quarter for us.
James D. Frias: Well right now, in terms of financial hedges, we worked through the last of our hedges recently. And so all we have is the new working interest drilling program that's ramping up and it will, as it cycles up, cover our usage for DRI 100%.
James D. Frias: We're not talking about 50 or 60 tons. We're talking of hundreds of thousands of tons of additional market opening up to us.
James D. Frias: Yes, we won't say an absolute about, but keep in mind, we took a $7 million charge in the third quarter that maybe expensed higher, and then we got a $7 million benefit in the fourth quarter. So I would back those out and then make your judgments from there.
James D. Frias: Well, we do have triggers in the program, so that as natural gas falls below a certain level, we can, and most likely will, stop drilling. As far as the CapEx goes, we're not going to go down that path. Not in total, but in 2012, we think it's going to be the in the neighborhood of $100 million out of that $1 billion that we called out for our total spending this year.
James D. Frias: We don't have much on structural. But the plate, probably around 10% also. And on sheet, the same ballpark, about 10%, maybe 10% to 15%.
James D. Frias: No, it was not. It was in cost of goods sold. One other thing about the quarter-over-quarter move that somebody brought up in the background we were talking is, in the third quarter, we did take a charge of about $14 million that we disclosed in the 10-Q regarding a dust recycling facility. So third quarter did have a $14 million higher charge than what we had in the fourth quarter.
John J. Ferriola: Well, first of all, just to get the facts straight. We will be making 74-inch of hot band at Berkeley. The finished product, downstream cold-rolled and galvanized will be coming off at 72-inch. Obviously, that opens up many opportunities for us in the market, particularly in appliances and in automotive. The wider product is required for automotive applications, as you get further into the value-added products up to and including exposed automotive. Also it gives us some advantages in our pipe and tube markets as you can have a wider product with more slits and brings more value to the customer. I should also point out, let me point out that you referenced the width, but don't discard the fact that we will be making a lighter gauge. We'll be able to have extra additional strength, which also gives us new applications in automotive and in other areas also. So the lighter gauge, the extra mill stand will give us higher strength product to bring into the market.
John J. Ferriola: Okay, first of all, it will be additional capacity that we will be producing. I want to be very clear about this. As we bring additional SBQ capacity online in our facilities, we will not be surrendering or abandoning any of our merchant or rebar products or customers. So it will be additional capacity. And it really isn't just more of the same. Many of the projects that we will be doing over the next 2 years will get us in to new products. We're basically expanding our size range and our grade range. The wide block and line upgrading [ph] in South Carolina and in our Darlington facility will allow us to expand our size range in Darlington. In Nebraska, we'll be adding a fifth strand which gives us more volume. But our Nebraska mill has a pretty good diversified grade mix as it stands and they have been doing extremely well in the market. They've qualified in most of our customers that use SBQ products. And Memphis will also be adding a fourth strand, and we're adding advanced testing equipment, which will allow us to get into the even higher-valued, more critical applications of SBQ.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, I would add maybe 2 points. One is that, sticking with our focus on having diversity, the products that we will be adding, the 1 million tons that we will be adding, are spread out across many markets, many industries and many customers. So it will not be concentrated in any 1 market, industry or any 1 customer base creating an over-capacity situation. The other thing I'd like to point out, Dan, is that as the second-largest SBQ supplier in the United States, we have firmly established ourselves with our customer base. We've qualified on most of the critical applications and we're in a good position to follow up on that with additional tons into those same customers and those same markets that we've already qualified on at our mills.
John J. Ferriola: Well, right now, we're at about 10% of our sheet product goes into automotive. Another couple of percent going into appliances. In our SBQ market, about 5% to 10% also of our SBQ products go into those 2 markets currently. Frankly, with the additions that we're making in our SBQ portfolio and what we're adding to our sheet portfolio, we expect that to grow.
John J. Ferriola: Dan, I might just add to that, that just so we're clear. This isn't something new that we're moving into. We've been in the automotive market for several years now, probably going on almost 10 years. And our presence in that market, both from a product diversity, value-added and customer base has been growing every year. So we're ready for this next step. We're excited about this next step. Going to the 74-inch substrate at Berkeley is a big advantage for us moving forward. The other thing I'd point out, Dan, is what this does for us as a company is provide even more diversification, allowing us to take more products across more customers and more industries. So we're continuing to diversify.
John J. Ferriola: I guess the only thing I would point out is what we said was we see some signs, some small signs of improvement. Okay? So we're not seeing a boom in construction by any stretch of the imagination. We're seeing small indications that it might be getting better across the board, nonresidential construction, some of the infrastructure work that we are involved with, we a small pickup in that. So we see a small incremental improvement and that's just, we're pointing out it's a good sign, it's a good start, good first step. The ABI, for 2 months in a row, was over 50%. That's the first time that's happened in several years. So these are all small indicators that things might be just getting just a little bit better as we move forward into 2012.
John J. Ferriola: We did see our structural shipments go up. We do expect that to continue going into the first half of the year. It's, again, as we mentioned earlier, maybe a little bit of construction improvement, infrastructure improvement. We don't see a big jump in that.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we did have an improvement in our conversion cost, and that's an effort of us focusing, as we always do, on lowering our costs. That's how we are focused on being the low-cost producer. We continue to focus in that area. We continue to make improvements in that area. I would also add to that, that some of the incremental organic projects that we've done over the few years, over the last couple of years, have helped us become more efficient in our operations, and that's had a positive impact on our conversion costs also.
John J. Ferriola: And we do have the long-term contract in our Trinidad facility, a 20-year contract with an average cost of about -- it was about $2 an MMBtu.
John J. Ferriola: I just wanted to make one more point as you were asking about the impact of the lower natural gas. We talked about the direct used gas as being about 35 billion. Don't forget, we are large consumer of electricity, and some of that electricity is produced in coal -- excuse me, gas-fired generation. So we expect to see a positive impact from that also.
John J. Ferriola: The first one will be cryo flood [ph] facility, so as we build the second one, it'll require less people to operate the second one than the one in Trinidad.
John J. Ferriola: Yes. Well, we've had to do some modification on our existing stands, okay? Obviously, we've added a stand to get the lighter gauge and higher strength material. And in terms of capital, it'd be about -- it's north of $100 million.
John J. Ferriola: Dan, you mentioned earlier, we'll deal with it commercially and legally as we have to. I would point out a couple of things relative to imports. With the extended lead times that are required with the imports that presents a bit of a challenge. Potential for quality issues presents a bit of a challenge. And the other thing is the tight inventory levels that we have currently in the service center industry, makes it a little bit more challenging for them to go out on a limb and make those large buys that are going to be delivered 3 or 4 months from today when we're not sure what the market will be.
John J. Ferriola: We continue to grow our international footprint, our commercial footprint. We are, right now, at about maybe 1% or 2% higher than we were in 2010, but not a large increase. We have established our first steel depot in Colombia and we expect great things out of that facility. That's going to put some product on the ground in a country where our commercial activities have been growing and the economy is strong. So we see good things there. We continue to focus on Central and South America, and we anticipate continuing to grow that, our exports. We said last year that we'd like to see a goal of 15% of our total products being exported, and we haven't changed that goal.
John J. Ferriola: I guess it's hard to pinpoint an exact number as what percentage it opens up to us. Dan mentioned the galvanized product with the utilization of our other facilities. I do want to also point out it's more than we keep talking about the width, right But when you go that narrow, when you go that light, and with the extra strand getting the extra strength that it puts into the steel, also opens up other opportunities for us. So it's not just in the automotive as a result of the width, but it's also the physical characteristics of the steel itself that will open opportunities for us.
