Leon Topalian: Okay. Martin, let me begin first by stating how humbled and excited I am to be leading the Nucor team. I stand shoulder to shoulder with the greatest manufacturing team assembled anywhere in the world. And I'm surrounded with the most experienced executive team in the industry. And so, as I mentioned in the opening comments, we do see 2020 being a - shaping up to be a better year than 2019. Non-res construction is strong. We believe destocking has really been completed, we have seen some of the restocking, but as we talk about order entry rates, there is a marked improvement in Q4, we see that continuing. Our backlogs are strong, as Jim mentioned in his comments. The fabrication community, their backlogs are very strong into 2020. So, we see the outlook is fairly optimistic as we move into 2020.
Leon Topalian: Yeah, Chris, as we - and we are very excited about the announcement of our paint line and we are broadening our downstream offering to our customers. we have not released that number. As we are getting into the - kind of completing the engineering review, as we get that finalized, we will announce that to you and ensure that we do in the coming weeks.
Leon Topalian: Yes, the thing I would add, Timna, is this. We took some of the rewards from the changes we have made to those businesses that Chad talked about metal buildings and rebar fabrication, but we expect to reap further rewards from those changes in 2020. And so we are optimistic that 2020 is likely to be a better year.  The other thing I would say is our tube business, which we built through three acquisitions a couple of years ago, didn't have its best year. They were much better in 2018 than they were in 2019. We expect that business to do better in 2020 as well. So, we think 2020 should be a pretty decent year for us in steel products.
Leon Topalian: Okay. Again, so I got the raw materials and the long products, and again. I will maybe ask Craig to chime in here. But at the end of the day, the longs business for us is a very profitable sector of our business. Market leadership in beams allows us to operate in the roughly 65% to 70% range through most of 2018. But again, as we talked about in sheet, and Jim mentioned, specifically both plate and beams, we have also seen a market shift in order entries and backlogs. And so we are seeing that market improve from 2019. Again, I think a factor of that is the destocking that took place throughout 2019. And as we move into 2020, I think you will see a much more level in tempered business conditions as we move through whether it is scrap or order entry rates. We believe we will be more stabilized as we hit 2020. I think 2018, we saw our customers overbuying demand. In 2019, we saw them under-buying, I think you will see that more balance. But Craig, maybe you would add some color on the raw materials.
Leon Topalian: Yes, it is. I think underlying demands is there. I think it is stable and some of the sectors that Dave and both where I mentioned, construction in particular was strong and we are seeing some slight improvements year-over-year.
Leon Topalian: Okay, Curt, I would frame it up this way. It is not easier for me to talk about those things that are not going to change. Our focus on our core, our culture is going to remain very much intact. How we care for our 27,000 men and women of the Nucor family is critically important. They are the value generators for our future. The $3.5 billion of investment projects we have slated are equipment or things that can be bought.  Our team is what revolutionizes and changes the market and the returns that they are able to achieve. And so I couldn't be prouder of our team and we are laser focused after the value of safety curve on executing on that $3.5 billion. It is the second focus for our entire organization and we bring those projects in safely on time and ahead of schedule. And so that is where our focus is at. And then third, we move to really the portfolio management. How do we continue to think about growth in the short and medium term and long-term, and then coupling that with how do we scrutinize those businesses that have not returned the levels of profits and shareholder returns, we have come to expect of ourselves and the investors have come to expect of us. So, based on those focus, I would tell you that there is not a shift in what - how John led or Dan DiMicco led. What I would tell you is the destinations are very similar. The routes we may take to get there might be slightly different than the all of us use ways or Google Maps to get into the city. I may go to New York City five different ways, five days in a row. But how I communicate or the things that we do to achieve the result, the results are focused on the safety of our team and executing really well on the valuable shareholder capital that they entrust us with every day.
Leon Topalian: Let me begin with the short answer, no, is the short answer. The longer answer is, we have been in this business now for 20 years, Curt. We understand the markets that we serve, we understand the customer base that is asking for this. And this is something that we contemplated since going back in 2008. So, our focus is for the long term. We understand there is going to be ebbs and flows in the markets. It is a cyclical business, and it is a business we know well, and we have been in and a part for over 50 years. So as we think about plate, the only side of the fact that we will have the most diverse product offering of any mill in one location located in the heart of the largest plates consumable region, the United States. And so by doing so, we really believe we have a differentiated value proposition to offer our customer base that puts us in a low cost position, a market leadership position. And I'm incredibly encouraged by what Mary Emily and Johnny Vegas and the team at Brandenburg willing and be able to do in our future in plates.
Leon Topalian: Certainly. On a high level thought, what I would tell you Phil is, the Micro mill in Sedalia is coming online as we speak to team, it has done a great job and taken care of the team from safety perspective, operating costing and schedule. So, we are excited about that. And then, in the micro mill in Frostproof, Florida, is still slated to come online in summer of this year. So, the other part of that, maybe I will ask Jim to frame some color, because we do think about how are these investments returning and what is that long-term outlook, maybe Jim, you could add some color to those projects.
Leon Topalian: Phil, just one point I want to clarify, I made the statement earlier that Frostproof was expected to come online this summer. We will start commissioning, but it will really come online in Q4 of this year.
Leon Topalian: Thank you, Derek. Before concluding our call today, I want to express our appreciation to our shareholders. We value your investment in our company. We take the obligation seriously that comes with it. And we will treat your investment with great care. I also want to thank our customers. We are excited about the capabilities we are building to better serve you today and most importantly for tomorrow. Thank you for your trust and confidence that you place in the Nucor team each day to supply your needs. We look forward to building powerful partnerships to generate powerful results. And to our Nucor team, thank you for what you are doing for Nucor and our customers everybody, and most importantly, thank you for doing it safely.  We are committed to strengthening this core value and by doing so help to improve the safety of our Nucor family and our industry. I'm excited for Nucor's future and for all of us working together to expanding beyond take Nucor to new highs. Thank you to everyone on the call for your interest in Nucor, and have a great day.
James Frias: Yeah, the second question was about the volumes we are anticipating in Q1 and we don't give that specific guidance, but I will say qualitatively, especially regarding our sheet business, we have had 15 straight weeks, where order significantly exceeded - I would say significantly, but more than 10% exceeded our production capacity and so we have built our backlog by about two weeks since the end of September, so about two weeks longer. So, we are going to run the sheet business at least near full for the first quarter. The rest of our businesses have not really run full consistently for a number for a number of years, other than periodically once full, but we feel very confident sheet will run full. We are not going to give guidance about volume overall other than to maybe give that data point. I think, it is also worth noting that last week, the third week of January, was one of the strongest weeks of order input we have seen in sheet since the improvements began in mid-October.
James Frias: The only - maybe than last year. The year before that, it is going to be hard to beat. It has a pretty strong first quarter pick up in 2018.
James Frias: Sure. So, we are starting the year with a very strong liquidity position, $1.8 billion in cash and short-term investments. And so, we are going to have peak CapEx over the next two years and then it should taper off based on the projects we have announced and have in our pipeline actively today. And so, we could be slightly cash flow negative over the next two years. And then - but over the next five years, we would expect to be strong cash flow positive. So, right now, we would not expect to draw on the revolver. We would be more likely to issue CP if we got to that point, but with the $1.8 billion cushion, I don't see that likely this year.
James Frias: That is correct. And again, we need about [$400 million to $500 million] (Ph) liquid cash. You asked that question, I didn't answer that part, just to sort of support the liquidity in the business.
James Frias: Yeah. Our maintenance CapEx, we think of as being in the range of $500 million per year, as that is embedded in that more than $2 billion that we expect to spend in 2020. It is too early to say for 2021, but I think 2021 would be similar in levels to 2020, both years would be in the neighborhood of $2 billion or just north of there and then, it would be a fairly significant drop-off relative to the things that we have committed to get this point in time. We could, of course, identify other projects between now and then that would increase that. And the other thing is, each year, as part of year-end process, we have put up some slides that give color to our CapEx spending items and we will be putting those up today after the call on our website for investors to see.
James Frias: First of all, specific to your question, I think it is likely that Sedalia reaches breakeven sometime in Q2. And overall, the galv line at Gallatin is already making the positive contribution. We have pre-operating start-up costs in the quarter, I think it was $36 million in the fourth quarter, that is going to come down slightly in Q1, because some of these projects are starting to ramp.  The Hickman cold mill is starting to ramp. So, their pre-operating start-up costs come down as they go toward breakeven. Sedalia is going to start to have its pre-operating start-up costs and come down as they strive toward breakeven. Now, later in the year, we will probably have other projects increase the pace of pre-operating start-up costs. But, the projects that are coming online right now and that includes the galv line at Gallatin, the Hickman cold mill, the Sedalia bar mill and the Kankakee merchant bar mill. Those four are going to make a nice contribution to Nucor by the end of this year and a really good contribution to Nucor next year.  And we get in the broader numbers that the cumulative projects have $600 million of EBITDA value. I would just say, if you do the math on the CapEx of those projects, you will see a nice jump and that EBITDA is going to benefit Nucor in 2021, and we will start to see some of that fruit by the end of this year.
James Frias: No, I would say it is too early to say because we got two big projects getting ramped, and because they are bigger, they will have bigger pre-operating start-up costs. So, the expansion of capacity at Gallatin and the Brandenburg mill, when they come on, it is going to probably greatly increase our pre-operating start-up costs for a period of time.  And we don't forecast that out more than one quarter at a time, so I can't tell you what those numbers are. Other than Q1, it probably going to be slightly down. But I would expect for the year, it might actually be slightly up because of those two bigger projects starting to ramp up the costs.
James Frias: There are some projects that aren't big enough that we forced to call out that are embed in there as well, there are improvement projects that we don't think of as being CapEx, but they are not building new mill type projects, so we don't call them out. So, there is some other CapEx in there for things that are improvement projects as well.
Chris Terry: Hi, Leon and Jim, and congrats on the new role, Leon. A question I wanted to dig into a little bit more was on CapEx. You touched on that last question, but just a few more specifics, if I may. So, you said, I think, $2 billion around that level for 2020. You said $3.5 billion for your total projects. So, from the calculation we have done, we still got about $2.3 billion of that $3.5 billion still to spend. Can you maybe just give us some color on how we will - how 2021 will shape up as you go through the numbers and maybe after you have done these expansions, what the sustaining level would look like? Thank you.
Chris Terry: Okay, thanks for that. So, just to reiterate from the first question, so, you said through the next couple of years, you are comfortable funding the dividend and maintaining the business out till the CapEx drops off, you are comfortable managing sort of the capital management part of the business, even though the CapEx will be elevated for those two years.
Chris Terry: Okay. And the last one from me, just in terms of the new Missouri mill, just wondered if you could give a few more specifics on the ramp up of that. And then, just what you are seeing in the rebar market specifically? Thanks.
David Sumoski: Yeah. The only thing I would add on that - I mean, you hit it, but if you look at just the nameplates, it would indicate that we are adding about 700,000 tons of additional rebar, but there is more to our strategy than that. We have a very deliberate process to realign our product mix in the bar group and in another groups, but specifically, you are talking about the bar group. And this includes producing higher value products at some of our - some of our other divisions and that process has begun.  It has been thought for some period of time. And I will just share a couple of examples - Texas facility is now on pace to make about 150,000 tons of SBQ and our Darlington mill now makes about 300,000 tons of rod and when they add their degasser down there, it will move up the value chain even more on the rod market and they will start producing more SBQ. So we are shifting rebar from some of our divisions to these new locations, where it makes more sense. At the end of the day, we are going to move up the value chain, but we will not abdicate, we will not abdicate markets and customers have been very good to us over the years. Specifically on the start-up, I am being told that we are going to melt the heat.  We are going to go from melt shop all the way through the process on Thursday. we have already commissioned some of the proper - some of the processes and we run some billets through the line and we shipped 700 tons out of there from other divisions, just so we can get our ERP system up and working. That is where we are at it.
David Sumoski: Yes, this is Dave. I just make one comment on the longs. If you are just looking at bars and the numbers there, two different businesses, so you got the SPG product and then you get a rebar in the MBQ product. And on the rebar and MBQ product, 2018 was a great year, but we are tracking ahead of 2017. So, if you look at that year on the pure bar side. So that industry or that business is supported by the construction industry and that is why we still feel there is a strong construction market out there moving forward. Picking on engineered bar, excuse me, engineered bar kind of lives in our view in a different ecosystem. We don't really sell into the construction market. A couple of our major markets, oil and gas and ag equipment, we are actually down, we have to combine factors of destocking with both OEMs in service centers. So, despite that our engineered bar group, special bar quality picked up share in 2020 - in 2019, excuse me. So, again, not construction related, but a different market situation. So, excuse me, Timna, continue your point, please.
David Sumoski: Yes. I would just add that although there is no federal infrastructure bill out there, the states are really stepping up to the plate and they are doing a lot of work. So that is really going to boost in the non-residential construction markets. So, I just wanted to add that.
