Leon Topalian: Emily, thank you for the questions. If I forget the second or third ones, please remind me. But let me begin with kind of the backdrop of what we saw in Q1, and I'll begin with sheet. And Rex Query, our EVP of Sheet, might jump in here for a point or two.  But as we saw it move from Q4 and really an end of a historic year in all of our product groups and company in 2021 into 2022, we obviously saw kind of -- about 3 factors culminating in the end of the year. One was imports coming back in, largely from Mexico and Canada. Two, the distributors really got full. And three, the mills all caught up sort of at the same time.  And so as we enter 2022, with pricing going a little bit down and some weakening on the sheet side, we saw some softening there. The large piece of our sheet business is contract-based. And so we made some deliberate decisions at that time to focus on our maintenance, took some outages at different facilities to really ensure that we were able and ready to go when that pivot came. And obviously, that pivot came just a few weeks later.  But also -- I'd share with you, Emily, that we also had a strategic decision to not put tons out there in the spot market when we didn't believe the volumes would support that. And so we didn't chase tons. And as a result, you saw some of our utilization has dropped some. But again, as we see the underlying demand in sheet and plate, it continues to be incredibly resilient.  And as we -- Steve just shared with you earlier, we expect Q2 to be in an incredibly strong position. Further, as we talk about profitability for Q2, part of the reason why we see Q2 being a record is because our approach commercially and how we're moving through.  So you're going to see those higher-priced tons, again, that pivot coming in February into early March, flow through into Q2 very, very quickly. Rex, anything you'd add to that on the sheet side? And then Al Behr, maybe a comment or two on plate.
Leon Topalian: Okay. Well, let me maybe start with the latter and then, Doug, maybe some other color on the -- as you talk about the raw material, Carlos, we have an incredibly flexible supply base. It really gives us the ability to switch between prime and low copper trade.  We're doing a lot of things internally as well as looking at technology externally that continue to move us up, A, from a sustainability standpoint and bringing in or CO2 products into our mix, but also to give ourselves the opportunity to rationalize how do we use that DRI across the Nucor fleet. I think the second part of your question was...
Leon Topalian: Look, a fair question. What I would tell you is, again, we've been in the business for a long time. We have a very, very long-term established relationships with our customers. We know them personally. We know their needs. And again, the investment strategy is to invest not for capacity but for capability.  But specifically, to answer your question, Carlos, we're not, as Steve mentioned, immune to recognizing what's happening in the marketplace with inflation, with interest rates.  Every one of us has -- and our team driving to the gas stations every day to see the impacts across the U.S., I would tell you, though, that the demand drivers in nonres, in construction, in the digital space, digital warehousing has been sensational. To say it's resilient would be an understatement.  And so those jobs are being led daily. And so in many of those cases, our backlogs are at record backlogs, and we're closing the order book because we don't want to go out as far as some of our customers would ask us to.  If there's one area that's, again, been slow to come back, obviously, the automotive piece of that is a General, but Nucor continues to gain market share because it's not a huge piece of Nucor's overall mix today. It's in that 5, 6 percentage point range, about 1.5 million, 1.6 million tons a year. We expect to double that in the coming years.  But it is really on the energy side. And while you're seeing some signs of life and rig counts moving up somewhat, it's been a much slower recovery out of the pandemic. And that's probably the one area that continues to have some opportunity. But overall, and again, the end markets that we serve, the underlying demand remains incredibly robust.
Leon Topalian: And last point, Timna, is as we've seen throughout the years and decades when scrap prices are really high, so are steel prices. And again, that's what you're seeing today, and that's reflecting in the bottom line.
Leon Topalian: Yes. No, it definitely was demand. Demand definitely dropped off in Q1 as we saw a softening in the sheet market. So yes, it was not the same environment we saw in Q3 or 4 of '21 at all. Again, pricing was dropping. I think there was some wondering in the market, how long, how protractive, what would that be?  And it was a great time for Nucor to capitalize on the maintenance outages that we delayed in many of our sheet mills and get caught up. And again, as pointed out earlier, not to chase tons. And so we didn't do that. And again, a very deliberate mindset on our part to do that.  The other piece of that is in the distribution side, as those -- that supply chain side of distribution was full, and they didn't enter the market nearly as aggressively as we would have typically seen in years gone by and the early part of January or February time frame, trying to understand what the market was going to do longer term into the back half of Q1 into Q2.  I think, again, that pivot came very quickly and those tons are back and flowing. And so I think you're going to see -- well, I know you're going to see a significant increase in utilization rates across both our sheet and plate groups.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Great questions. I'm going to turn it to Rex Query and Al Behr to give you a more detailed update on Gallatin and Brandenburg.
Leon Topalian: And Curt, you mentioned longs. I'll just provide a very quick comment on longs. If you think about the 10-year history, like our beam mill, for example, probably averaged 70% utilization over the last decade. As we entered in 2021, that increased over 90%.  And so that beam mill and that market leadership position we have in structurals creates an incredible earning power. And again, that demand and those drivers remain very strong, both in beams and rebar and most of our longs businesses that are generating incredible returns for our company.
Leon Topalian: Look, as we continue to, again, set the first quarter record, as we set record earnings in 2021 at over $6 billion of earnings, we're continually looking for ways to deploy that capital. As Steve laid out earlier in his comments about our capital allocation framework and philosophy, it is, first, to reinvest in growth, and we're going to do that in a multitude of ways.  Our mission statement is 8 words: it's grow the core, expand beyond and live our culture. The core being those core assets. So yes, you're going to see us continue to do things like the micro mill, like the West Virginia plant, like the expansion at Crawfordsville.  Then on the expand beyond piece, like the Cornerstone acquisition of the insulated metal panel building or Hannibal Industries and bringing on the racking, those things will continue to be great opportunities for Nucor to continue to diversify and grow our portfolio. And then there's a whole bunch of irons in the fire, Curt, that I can't talk about, that we're going to continue to look and bring and maximize shareholder value that we're really excited about.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. As we conclude the call today, I just want to thank our team for your continued focus and delivering on our most important value, the safety, health and well-being of all 30,000 men and women who make up the Nucor family.  To our customers, thank you. Thank you for the trust that you place in the Nucor team with every order. Our investment strategy is to build the capabilities to serve you today and well into the future.  And finally, to our shareholders, thank you for the trust that you place in us with your valuable shareholder capital. We look to steward that well, maximizing your returns. Thank you for your interest in Nucor, and have a great day.
Rex Query: Emily, thanks for the question. And well covered, I can only add a few items. I think Leon did well setting the stage of what happened late in the year as we progress. And basically, what we saw was those conditions being corrected as we entered early into the first quarter.  So the second part you asked was about expectations for the remainder of the year, and I'll tie that in with the utilization. To the utilization, that 77% you mentioned, we're going to see a substantial increase for that.  We positioned ourselves well with the outages we've had and the maintenance work that occurred to be able to do that and ramp up for the remainder of the year. I can speak for the next coming months, bookings have been very strong. Backlog has increased, so we see strength. Underlying demand in our core segments that we have in the economy in general are very strong.
Rex Query: Timna, very clear on your premise for your question. What I would tell you, if we had seen a protracted and slower decrease, you can see that extend out further possibly on the recovery. But we get such a quick decrease and then rebound that you're going to see the majority of that move through very quickly, as Leon stated, in a matter of weeks versus months.  The other thing I would tell you is that the vast majority of our contracts are geared towards monthly mechanisms versus something that's a longer time frame. So we have a small amount that would be quarterly. But again, with the quick decrease in the rebound, that's going to push through pretty quickly.  The other that I would say is, Leon mentioned, as we saw the spot pricing decrease, we didn't go in place, take the orders for that. So now as we have that opportunity, the market strengthening, we do have the opportunity to place spot tons at higher pricing than we would have a matter of weeks ago. And so that's actually going to help bolster the price and kick it up even quicker. So that's the -- I understand the premise, but we see it being tempered by how we manage through this.
Rex Query: All right. Seth, this is Rex Query with the sheet group. Regarding Gallatin, we had an extended outage as we were in December into January. And we encountered some unique challenges in the demolition, which, frankly, delayed the equipment installed by a few months. So that's the short answer. Our team responded really well, safely, proud of what's been done.  And as Leon mentioned in the opening remarks, we'll -- in a matter of weeks, 6, 7 weeks, we'll be fully commissioned with all pieces of the equipment there and operating. So subject to market conditions, we would expect to be running really at nameplate capacity during the third quarter, and that's going to be an additional 500,000 tons, the majority of that during the second half of the year.
Rex Query: I would just add that the -- typically, due to seasonality, the run rates will pick up as we move into second and third quarter. Construction projects are in full swing, and again, the backlog is strong. So again, we have many different businesses, so I'm careful when I say in general. But overall, I would expect to see some of the run rates in most of our businesses pick up some.
Douglas Jellison: Yes. Thanks, Leon. The DRI -- both of our DRI facilities are running well, very, very high world-class reliability rates. We are seeing a little bit of dip as the production went down in the first part of the quarter, and now we're bringing those back up and would expect to run near full capacity in the balance of the year.
Douglas Jellison: Yes, a number of things I'll touch on. So historically, we run about 10% pig iron in our mix, as Leon mentioned in the opening comments. We've adjusted that. Today, we're running about 6% of our mix is pig iron. We also, historically, in our sheet business, run about 25% prime scrap. So the DRI, you can see gives us a very different mix in our profile going into our sheet mills in there.  As Leon mentioned, the team has done an outstanding job of really just turning things around literally overnight. And that doesn't happen overnight. That happens from years of investment in training and developing of the team and understanding the market and being able to read the signs and react quickly.
Douglas Jellison: Yes, Carlos, just one more comment on the shred. I don't have a specific number for that because all those numbers change really daily, weekly to give us the optimum cost in it. But what we have worked on, and we've worked on for a number of years, is low copper shred. We've always had a presence in producing low copper shred. But depending on the economics, there's times where it makes more sense than not.  And right now, in this market, with the spread between the obsolete grades and the prime grades, it makes a lot more sense. And we're putting a lot more, not only short-term, but long-term development into the low copper shreds, which will again increase our flexibility.
Douglas Jellison: Timna, this is Doug. One other thing that is a little bit different is how we're leveraging our vertical integration, and we have a much tighter tie from commercial operations and raw materials. And the reaction time to prices moving against scrap is much, much quicker than we've seen in other swings. So building on what Rex has said and stuff, we expect that lag to be shorter with this one.
Stephen Laxton: Yes. Carlos, this is Steve. You're asking about cost and inflation pressure really. And when you think about Nucor, inside of our mills, the metallic is roughly 70% of the cost. And that is typically correlated highly with steel demand. So it's not going to move, in particular, sensitivity to see any kind of inflation indexes or things of that nature.  And then when you think about other major cost components, at least, for Nucor, not for steelmaking in general, but because of the efficient, highly variable cost model that we have, it's a little bit different. In our case, energy is a very large portion of that remaining cost. And most of our energy comes from electricity. And most of that is under tariff rate programs and varies from state to state.  So there's not a direct and immediate exposure necessarily there. On natural gas, Nucor is extremely well positioned on that. We typically -- we use a hedge program, and we have physical capabilities to produce gas. Those combined to, today, about 50% of our expected needs for 2022, and we're already hedged with about 40% of the expected use for 2023 and 2024.  All those prices are well under the current strip prices. That's because of the active hedge program that we've had in place for a number of years. So we're relatively -- we're not immune to inflationary pressures. We certainly see that in freight and other areas, but we are pretty well positioned to manage through these changes.
Stephen Laxton: Yes. Seth, this is Steve. I just want to add on to Chad's comments here. Our product segment, our downstream steel products group is a meaningful part of our portfolio. And I think that's one of the real differentiators for Nucor versus many people in our space. We offer a wide array of end market solutions.  And just in the last quarter, that group contributed just over $760 million in EBITDA, to give you a sense of scale on that. And we project that the second quarter will be even stronger. So that's a real lever and a positive attribute of our portfolio that some folks don't have.
Stephen Laxton: Yes. Thank you, Curt. We're not going to guide to a specific target EBITDA for that group at this point in time. We provide quantitative guidance much later in the quarter. But we will say that the end market demand is strong across the board and backlogs are strong. I think you've heard that already from us today.  And again, these businesses are ones that are very responsive in terms of their ability to generate upside cash flow benefits to the company when markets are strong. So I think that's one of the things that -- the highly variable nature of the cost of these products and these groups are differentiated in many ways.
