Daniel DiMicco: Thank you, John. Our team is excited that Nucor's best is yet to come. Before I take questions, I would like to emphasize one point in particular. We are encouraged, but by no means, satisfied with second quarter and 6-month performance. Nucor's annualized return on equity through this first half exceeds 12%. This was achieved with the lowest financial leverage in the industry. We'll continue to put those strengths to work for us regardless of what direction the economy takes to be an industry leader in profitability and performance.  At this time, we would like to take your questions.
Daniel DiMicco: Typically, we refer it to sheet in the vernacular of the industry. On the plate side, we have a different story. We believe that there'll be tremendous energy development and infrastructure development coming in the future at some point. It should have been 2 years ago, but it's got to come. There's issues that just have to be dealt with, regardless of who’s in office. We believe they will get dealt with, and we believe that, that bodes well for the plate market in the future, past what's going on now, which is a very healthy plate market. And we continue to see that being healthy through the rest of the year. But we do believe that the opportunity to be there for us to expand our existing plate operations with additional heat treating facilities. We are going to be putting a normalizing facility in addition to the Q&T at Hertford. We're exploring, doing something similar in Tuscaloosa, and we are actively engaged in a new plate mill location and to serve the market better as we see the growth improving going forward. But it's -- virtually will be in all markets that are strong today. But in particular, the energy markets we see being one, will be strong. The infrastructure markets, they’ll be strong. And also, the heavy equipment markets that we continue to see as strong, particularly with companies like Caterpillar, starting to move some more into production into the United States from overseas.
Daniel DiMicco: No. That strategy remains to be our strategy. But certainly, it will expand our ability to reach markets that we're not strong in today and product lines that we're not strong in today. Other than that, I don't think we should share any more information.
Daniel DiMicco: The first part of your question on utilization rates and lead times and what-have-you, that's not something that we talk about on a month-to-month or week-to-week basis. So we'll report on those as we go through the third quarter, and get to our conference call at that time. We certainly do expect to have recovery in utilization rates based upon our weather-related issues.
Daniel DiMicco: Our comments on profitability in our construction sector encompasses both the mills and the downstream facilities, we don’t break out the individual downstream operations or upstream operations on a relative profitability basis. But I'm sure you can appreciate that working very closely together, our bar mills and our downstream rebar fabrication and Vulcraft operations and fastener operations together both benefit from the team work in approaching the marketplace, and maintaining a strong as possible volumes at our operations, which drive our cost down and our profitability up. So the overall performance in those groups has been very strong. And it couldn't be done without the fact that we were strong participants in both the downstream and the mill operations.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, on the Sheet side of the business, I think we’ve pretty well discussed that, and answered that question already. And the volume losses principally are due to the outages at the mill that does over 200,000 tons a month, and was down for better than a month. But the pricing we've also addressed, as we saw pricing increases during the quarter that overcame the raw material increases. On the Beam side of the business, I think there is a good argument to be made that the product diversity that we have in that business really helped to keep our margins even though the volumes were down slightly. Mix, switch and mix and structural also had a big impact. The mix of the products produced during the quarter also had a big impact on that.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, our way to address any oversupply situation is just to be extremely competitive, and be successful based upon our cost structures and our customer service and quality for our product range we have. As far as exports go, regardless of what's going on in the domestic market, we are active on the export front, always looking for opportunities. And particularly -- and that even without the additional capacity coming on stream, the industry is not running at full capacity. So it's been a long-term focus of ours to grow our exports. We were working on that and exporting quite significantly in '06, '07, '08, and it continues through this downturn as well. So it's not something that I would say is -- we at all focused because of domestic overcapacity. That we deal with by being as competitive as possible to get as much business as we can bring into our operations.
Daniel DiMicco: It's principally -- automotive has uptick compared to a year ago without a doubt. It's way below its peak, no doubt there either. But I think we're -- the agricultural sectors, the heavy equipment sectors, the customers like Caterpillar and John Deere and so on, that's where a lot of demand is coming from, and will continue to come from.
Daniel DiMicco: Any suggestion that it is localized is pure poppycock. We have 1.3 million tons of flat-rolled steel coming into the United States from every direction in the world. So you put that in perspective with whether or not the excess capacity is coming from Baltimore or Pennsylvania or Alabama or Mississippi. It's immaterial. Everybody feels the pressure of the additional capacity coming to the U.S. market, whether it be domestic or import. I think it's felt by everybody. There's nobody immune from it by any stretch of the imagination. And if you take a look at the history, you'll find that to be extremely true.
Daniel DiMicco: No. It's one of those things, where if it was to be a localized increased capacity, into some special sector of the market, then the folks that played in that market would soon move their production capability into the lower end of the market and vice versa. It doesn't take very long for it to shakeout because it's impacting all the players.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, first off, as John mentioned in his remarks, our view of pricing at this point in time is that it's at or near the bottom on flat-roll, but that's just our best-guess. There's been a significant drop-off in pricing, about $190 a ton. And in the published market place, this is not our numbers, it's the published marketplace numbers. And I guess you should ask folks that have to decide on whether they want to continue to be -- whether they want to make any money doing what they're doing or continue to lose money.
Daniel DiMicco: Our view has always been that we're lousy forecasters of what's going to happen on the raw materials side. But I would say that under current conditions, we don't see any severe upward pressure, maybe some slight downward pressure, but pretty much flat as we go forward. But like I said earlier, if there are any decreases in raw material costs, that will pass through to the third quarter for, virtually, everybody unless they‘ve overstocked their inventories. And likewise, on pricing, any pricing improvements will go through pretty quickly into the third quarter because of the overall lead times in the industry.
Daniel DiMicco: I think for the most part, non-residential construction, multi-dwelling apartments, there is some slight improvements in activity there. But nothing that we would quantify as being strong by any stretch of the imagination. But you've seen some numbers recently, where multi-family dwellings are up 30% compared to previous time periods. We're seeing some infrastructure activity but nothing of any major type that is needed in this country. It's just a general fact that we've been at the bottom, and there was no where else to go but up, and so we started to see some just gradual increases in activity.
Daniel DiMicco: I think we've already made the comments that we feel like the pricing is at or near bottom, so the odds of it going up are greater than going down. But you can't get away from the fact that whether it’s imports from overseas, bringing on additional capacity and excessive demand or it’s new capacity coming on stream domestically, that's an issue that has to be dealt with. It can't be ignored. It's real, and it will have an impact on exactly what strengthening takes place in the quarter, and it's way too early to tell how are people going to behave in the marketplace. It's -- everybody's out there, trying to do for their companies what they can do to be more profitable and bring in more volume. So I continue to believe, we continue to believe, it’s going to be a very competitive marketplace.
Daniel DiMicco: The impact is in lost volume. And so, I mean, you imagine keeping all your teammates employed and actually helping out in the communities where you’re paying them for their efforts to salvage homes, save people who are buried under stuff and trees and collapsed houses, you name it, and you're not producing any steel, there’s a major cost impact. We didn't lay our folks off. We kept them busy, and there was a significant impact, maybe not on existing orders on the books as we moved them very well to our other operations to fill those orders. But when you're sitting there, you're telling your customers, well, the PBA's telling us 3 to 5 weeks, you're probably not going to get kind of order entry that you're going to need to build your order book at that location going forward. To put a cost number on it is difficult. We basically lost a little over a month’s production at that facility, which does 50,000 tons a week or more.
Daniel DiMicco: And the only thing that I would put in front of you is rather than trying to get to fancy about figuring all that out, just focus on the fact that profitability in the quarter was extremely strong in spite of that.
Daniel DiMicco: Not really. I think we spoke to our energy numbers in the press release. They're about $3 a ton higher, but nothing out of the ordinary.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, first off, question related to our joint venture, which is known as Duferdofin with our partners at Duferco. Under the circumstances, and it significantly impacted construction markets in Europe and Southern Europe, they're doing very well. And there are plenty of opportunities for us to improve their cost structure even further even in these lousy conditions, which our teams are working on as we speak to improve their situation even more. But they're more than holding their own, and not a major drain on Nucor at all.
Daniel DiMicco: I think pricing has got more competitive. So I think we'll see some more opportunities. But it's nothing out of the ordinary. I don't think we expect to see much improvement in exports, percentage-wise, in third quarter than second quarter.
Daniel DiMicco: Yes, it is profit sharing increases. Obviously, the more profitable we get, so that has to be put aside, so that's principally it.
Daniel DiMicco: Actually, there's several other items in that category. And obviously, we don't break them out. So nice try, Sal. We won't be breaking them out any further, but I'll gave it to you overall. It’s nice to see that net-net-net of the 4 or 5 things that were in that category turning more positive.
Daniel DiMicco: I think they've done a significantly better job this year than last year. While we can't give you the absolute numbers, I think the level of improvement has been -- Joe, you got any percentages in terms of...
Daniel DiMicco: Thank you. Again, I would just like to thank everybody who is interested in Nucor's and our shareholders, our teammates. And while third quarter is yet to be accomplished, you can be assured that Nucor will be there at the top of the heap, whatever that level is, and that we'll be competitive. And that we should be seeing things getting better going forward rather than worse, on an overall basis. The sheet market will now become one of the more challenging ones because of the capacity situations. It's not the first time that we've met challenges like that before and we will again. So thank you, all, for your interest. And Nucor teammates, thank you all for working safely and for helping us have a great quarter. Bye-bye.
John Ferriola: I think that covers it pretty well. As you know, Michelle, the Sheet business, the sheet market pricing peaked early in the second quarter, and has dropped dramatically throughout the quarter. We see that -- I mean, I believe that -- we believe that we're either at the bottom or close to the bottom of that pricing, but we expect it to bump along at the bottom for quite some time until we see some significant change in the demand-supply ratio.
John Ferriola: Dan, the only thing I would add is that, obviously, with the Q&T line, normalizing line we're looking into, and the vacuum degassers that we're adding, we will continue to move up the value chain, while maintaining our current position in all of our other markets. That applies to both Plate and to our Sheet business.
John Ferriola: I would like to take the opportunity, Dan, you mentioned coming back the teams at Tuscaloosa and Decatur, have to take the opportunity to thank those teams for the way that they did recover. They came back on line well, safely and with a normal high quality, and I just wanted to say thank you to the teams at both of those divisions, and to all of our other teammates who went down to help get our mills back quickly and safely.
John Ferriola: Well, let me confirm that is definitely a fourth strand, okay? It's not a fourth caster, but it would increase our capacity at the Memphis mill about 30% to 35%. And we plan to grow that business as we continue to move into the more valuated products, and we begin -- we continue to get qualified in the valuated customer base. So the team at Memphis has been doing great job on getting qualified, our quality out of the Memphis facility has been outstanding, and that facility compliments our Norfolk, Nebraska facility very well, which allows us to offer the widest breadth of products and sizes to the SBQ market in North America. So we feel very confident about the SBQ market going forward.
John Ferriola: We are taking a look at all of our merchant long product operations, and taking a look at how we can -- we orient our mills to get -- to become more focused on SBQ throughout our company. We’re taking a look at it from a product perspective, from a geographical perspective, and from a capability perspective. We anticipate having that study done soon and moving forward in -- with those plans.
John Ferriola: The other factor that plays into it would be the contract pricing. We have about 35% to 40% of our Sheet business is based upon contract pricing, some of which is based on quarterly CRU numbers. So, of course, the pricing of the first quarter was based upon the fourth quarter of last year, CRU average pricing. In the second quarter, we benefited from the higher CRU pricing in the first quarter.
John Ferriola: So the second quarter was basically unchanged from the first quarter, we’re always in that neighborhood of 9% to 11%. And that's what it was for the second quarter. It was about 9.5%.
John Ferriola: When you look at it, Dan, the input costs to the steelmaking prices, they've held pretty steady. So that will certainly have an impact on their -- on everyone's profitability and margins.
John Ferriola: I think we've been very clear that they've been modest and small increases. We've been very clear about that.
John Ferriola: No, Dan, you're spot on. Mix, we had a slightly different mix for the quarter, but it would not have impacted the margin significantly.
John Ferriola: We have a few that are scheduled, nothing major, a couple of days here and there during the quarter, but we have no major outages. We do have our -- we currently have our Trinidad DRI facility down for a major outage, but that will be returning at the end of this month. The reason it has been down is to expand our capacity from about 1.8 million tons up to 2 million tons in Trinidad.
R. Stratman: I agree, Dan, that the product diversity really allows us to sustain through any product mix scenario. But what really drives the product mix from month to month, quarter to quarter, is the type of project that's going on in the marketplace, not so much anything we do on a marketing perspective. So it's really demand-driven, and that's very hard for us to predict. We do have the ability to sustain it, as Dan mentioned, no matter which direction it goes, but the product mix is more project-dependent.
R. Stratman: The level of improvement would be -- I don't have percentages exactly, but it would be a factor of more than doubling their performance.
R. Stratman: I think it would be driven by operational improvements, cost improvements. There's been some slight improvement in selling prices, but as Dan said, the markets over there are very weak and demand's weak. So it's really operational- and cost improvements-driven.
