Jim Frias: Let me start by saying that we do not buy our electrodes on spot markets. We have long established contractual relationship with our suppliers and as a result we feel pretty good about our position. First, the most important thing we think a look at it as our availability, we make sure that we do have electrodes and we have right now we think our inventory will get us through the first quarter of next year, so we're feeling very confident about that and we have letters of intent from our suppliers to be able to supply us with electrodes for the rest of 2018. So for us supply is really not an issue and because of the contractual arrangements - all the hype that you’re reading about the spot price increases really doesn’t pertain to us and we have pricing through the first half of next year. And we expect to see increases in the second half of next year in pricing but again availability is really not an issue for us. We buy, we buy almost all of our electrodes domestically and well rather, let me rephrase that we buy none of them from China. And so we don’t see any issue with the Chinese issue of supply. The other thing that I would point out that gives me quite a little bit of advantage on this is our DRI usage. Through our DRI we’re able to accomplish what we call single charging and that reduces our power on times that our EAF - and reduces this is the energy consumption that we have as well as the electrode consumption by about 10% which is pretty significant. And a result of us not requiring us to swing the roof off as a result of using the DRI and the feeding of the DRI through the roof of a furnace. So all those reasons we feel pretty good about where we are both on availability and where we are on pricing and frankly our position on terms of consumption of electrodes as a result of our DRI usage.
Jim Frias: Since we pack on plate, I might just make an additional comment that when I look at the work we’re doing on grades at our Tuscaloosa facility, as well as our Hertford facility we are now qualified and in some cases in the process of being qualified to be able to supply most of the plates that goes into the large pipe and transmission lines and that's very exciting. One more point on this because I hear this all the time about the U.S. industry as a whole and that is that we’re not able to produce all of the products necessary to appease the tight market in the United States. While Nucor cannot supply all the grades, they’re all available within the U.S. market and there is no reason therefore to have any exceptions on the trade cases relative to pipe. So now while we move on to your final question was on Louisiana, okay and I’ll make some comments on that and Jim you can jump in if there is anything you’d like to add to it. One of the things as we said in the script while we’re looking to accomplish with the modifications that we have to our long-term process that we have been using what we call HYL the new process, we were looking to accomplish improvements in our quality and at the same time decrease the amount of issues of missions and therefore improve the environmental friendliness of the process. And in those two metrics, we’ve been very successful. We’ve been very pleased with the quality of the product that's come out of Louisiana and we’ve been very pleased with the reduction and emissions by using this technology. The challenge of course is mainly liability and we recognize that and we are now in the process of taking time to look at the entire - the engineering of the entire process, making the necessary adjustments as we referred to and taking a holistic approach to the entire process from beginning to end and making the changes that we believe are necessary to improve reliability. And as we go forward in that study we of course will be tapping in for the talent and the lessons that we learnt in our Trinidad facility which is frankly world known for its reliability, as well as quality but particularly its reliability. So that process we expect to take the next couple of months at the end of that period we’ll be able to give you a better explanation of the time that would be involved to make any repairs that we feel are required.
Jim Frias: That’s a good point Jim because I should have pointed out we might go through this process in segue and reengineering it taking a hard look at from a holistic engineering perspective and come to the conclusion that the improvements that we have made to the process to-date both in the process gas heater and in the furnace itself have rectified the issues. I mentioned several times on this call and I’ll repeat it, the technology itself doesn’t seem to be the issue, it's the equipment that has enabled the technology to result in less emissions in particular that’s been a major change that has given us the most heartburn with the facilities. So we’ve taken a hard look at that we want to find a solution that allows us to continue the improved environmental aspects of producing DRI while still having the improved reliability.
Jim Frias: There is a big logistics play and we always approach these markets regionally and we feel that this technology that's proven will allow us to expand on that on that regional approach and focusing where we have scrap available to us and where there are markets already existing.
Jim Frias: I guess on the brighter side we look forward going into the end of the fourth quarter, end of the year and into next year because of the decrease in imports now it’s going to take a while for that surge to work its way through the system no doubt about that. But we will continue to see and we believe we will continue to see imports will lower and that excess demand has been holding steady and possibly maybe improving a little bit again if we see that infrastructure build and other things that are happening, some of the results frankly said it was the devastation from the hurricanes that might though result in a little bit more demand on rebars like we build parts of areas devastated. So all said we think it will pick up a little bit and we love to continue to keep the imports down, you asked a question about 232, so I think so I can take just a minute of your time and I will share with you my thought, you summed it up well. I said this many time, I’m getting a little concerned about the length of time and taking for this to be implemented and I’m concerned about the surge of illegally traded imports that are coming in as a result of the delays. With that said, I’m still confident that President Trump will fulfill his commitments to our  industry and that we will see 232 hopefully early part of next year absolutely may be there will be a nice Christmas gift to the industry and we will see at the end of this year. But certainly needed and it has been, we have a commitment to get it and I think as you look at some of the things that are happening even outside of our industry, for example with the Whirlpool 201, which is a different action of course but still points to severity of the imports and the type of holistic remedies that can be offered by Washington and we’re counting on getting one from the steel industry.
Jim Frias: I probably should have said easier about just saying we want the same rules applied to 232 that do exist for critical circumstances. And I got to tell you this is critical circumstances, I mean you even the G-20 has come out and they called the crisis in steel today a crisis, okay that needs immediate action that’s the G-20. And the OECD that’s made a very similar comment and I’ll just point out this is that the United States are suffering through this surge and results follow the capacity in China. It’s Europe and Europe is quietly quickly taking action then we are then moving much quicker on to get relief for their steel industry, as well as other regions. India just recently a few months ago put tariffs on all of the Chinese products that come into the country so it’s a global problem other regions are reacting much quicker than the United States sadly which means that we remain the market that they can get in to while our government is dealing more slowly with the issues that other government have dealt with more quickly.
John Ferriola: We announced one last night and as I have said many times on this call we don't make twice in these announcements unless we believe that they’re appropriate and that the market is ready to accept them. So that's my answer to that question. We think it is appropriate and we think that it will stick.
John Ferriola: I might add just two quick points to that Leon, when I look at Q&T products, our Q&T lines are now full that’s an improvement of what we seen in the past but that’s good news. The trade cases are doubling but the amount dumped Q&T imports and frankly the return of the mining and energy business has contributed to demand side. My final comment would be on infrastructure and we feel very strongly that this country is in dire need of a very intensive infrastructure program. We have confidence that at some point in the near future we will see some action and we’re encouraging bipartisan action on this issue. I think there is one thing the hurricane and the damage caused by hurricanes have thought us is that we need to really upgrade our infrastructure throughout the United States. When that happens, we expect to see an improvement in the plate demand as a result of that infrastructure we built. So going into 2018 we see some positive things on the horizon.
John Ferriola: Yes, I definitely do not feel that there is any structural change that is resulting in this. I think it’s more or less a question of lagging and leading cycle. We go through this from time to time where the one or the other one will make a major move in this case we see global pricing move up and at the same time - frankly because of the import service that is occurred in the United States that has had a very negative impact on the demand here in the United States and our ability is to meet that demand. Although demand has improved but the improvement in demand is being up till by being legally traded products. So when we see that again actually coming to an end we see pricing frankly we think its bottomed out we made our price announcements and as you point out $40 move on off bar, we believe the market will support that will reduce the gap. So really Timna I think it’s more of just a case of the lead, lag on what is normally a cyclical pricing environment that compounded a little bit by the impact of illegally traded imports on us – we shifting the demand, the supply in the United States that had a negative impact on pricing and now as I said we believe that is bottomed. There is a little bit seasonality to it. It also I think Timna if you look back over the past several years you’ll see the same kind of thing happening at the end of September or early October things are going to slow down a little but you’ll see an impact on pricing and that occurs more here in the states than on the global marketplace. So that also might have played a role there.
John Ferriola: And now we have second question had to do with rebar in our investment in new rebar mills relative to the marketplace, and I’m going to ask Dave to tackle that one.
John Ferriola: Dave maybe just trying to add two points to that. One is and you kind of touched upon it, we’re looking to place these markets, so we’re turning to micro mills looking to place them in markets where Nucor has a large scrap supply, as well as we know that there is a good demand that’s being under served in that particular region. So we will look at this being able to give us a good return basically based upon largest and the impact that will have by a low logistics cost and getting scrap to the mill and then from the mill to our customers. And the other point that I would - we mentioned this in the script that I want to emphasize it again. When you look at rebar and merchant bar in general, long products in general I mean that’s not a real cornerstone for our company. In fact I would like to say that it built our company and when I look at the rebar strategy and the expansion of it, one of the five drivers of profitable growth is to improve and increase our downstream of channel to the market and we’ve got a great channel to the market through Harris. So we feel that although you might feel that there is excess or if not need for additional rebar in the United States, we’re confident that based on the location that we’re putting them, the geographical locations that that was going to select and our channel to the market through Harris, these are going to be very good investments with good returns to Nucor.
John Ferriola: And can I ask you to repeat the third part of the question I know it has something to do with mergers and acquisitions.
John Ferriola: I can answer that one without even getting help from Jim. How are we looking at growth opportunities and our capital investments going forward, I will tell you what, we have got a full pipeline of opportunities, there is a lot of things that are taking place in the world today, I will show you and most of them, there is a lot of things happening both in the global marketplace and in the United States, a lot of changes, some companies are more challenge than others and that provides opportunities, we want to continue to invest in our downstream businesses to improve our channel, we were looking at additional upstream opportunities to invest in. So I mean we are in a great cash position, this is again one of those cases we’re having a strong, a very strong balance sheet, it gives us opportunities to continue to build upon five drivers of profitable growth and we’ve got a lot of opportunities out there. Now one thing that I would tell you that we will look at every area that we invest and that is value added investments, investments that are going to improve the value added we think that is the higher we move up the value chain, the higher the margin and the more sustainable the business. So the investments that you see as may going forward will all up be in the area of improving our value proposition by providing higher value products to value appreciative customers willing to pay for that higher value and what we will be focusing on.
John Ferriola: We're not surprised at all at this surge not at all, and the reason is that we see all of the countries and companies that are looking to beat because they know they’ll be some form of trade relief. They’re looking to get every product, every time in that they get in before we either go to the 232 or we continue to win these trade cases that we’re winning. Whether we get 232 or not, we're going to continue to prosecute trade cases with the same vigor that we have over the last 12 to 18 months. And I’m confident we’re going to continue to see the types of wins that we’re seeing. And apparently saw these countries that are breaking our lots because there is only everything that can to get their product in here before that goes into effect. So I’m not surprised to see this surge, I think it’s a direct result of commitment that was made by President early in the year a belief that he was going to go into a Fed sometime in the June time period as was indicated. And with every month that passes that doesn’t go into affect always say it’s continued so to get their product and before something goes into effect. Now the one thing that we’ve been talking of lately in Washington and certainly I have been sharing with the administration is our belief that this should be vocal about the about the fact that these - any results of 232 should be applied eventual actively to the time period when the President made his first commitment back in the early part of the spring of this year. We think that frankly is the right thing to do, but also we believe that if he were – or the administration were to make that kind of commitment it, would put an immediate end to the search and therefore we would not see the damage occurring to the industry who love the administration and took the time it needed to complete the study of the 232. So that’s something I want to mention because that’s something we’ve been pushing very hard in Washington I don't know if we’ll get it but we’re pushing it very hard with the administration.
John Ferriola: We watch demand curve very carefully here and we believe that we’ve seen it bottom out. A couple of things that are coming into effect here we see the imports on HRC been drifting down while demand remains constant to drifting up a little bit. So at the end of the day it's always about supply and demand and then we see the market picking up or entry over the last two weeks we’ve seen increased significantly. We feel good about the demand level going into the fourth quarter and particularly into 2008. One area that I would mention in particular is in the oil and gas, that whole market as the energy market has improved much more quickly than we expected to and that’s a particularly strong dynamic for Nucor as to our acquisition of Gallatin we serve that market very heavily. So with oil and gas picking up a little bit imports are down a little bit although automotive has kind of slowdown a little bit, we expect that to slightly pickup again as a result of some of the sadness associated with the hurricanes coming both in Florida and in Texas. We do estimates of anywhere from 700, 1000, to 1 million vehicles that are going to need to be replaced. The one last point that I would make is we didn’t touch upon it too much but in relation to the automotive market picking up Nucor participation in that market and the grades that we continue to develop and offer to that market I feel confident it’s going to help our sheet business. And final point would be that when you look at the MSCDI inventories to sheet products, they have been drifting down in a fairly low level now which we again believe bodes well for fourth quarter and first quarter next year.
John Ferriola: We talked about those two states as areas where we look to invest to expand our merchant products. We talked about other states five or six other states that we're looking at for the rebar though Ohio and Illinois we’re looking at as potential areas to invest, to expand on merchant product offerings.
John Ferriola: We want to grow production, now having said as we have a complete plan that place those tip, that takes into account all of our facilities there’ll be some rearranging of markets, they’ll be some plants where we shipped product as a result of this new capacity and rebar. We’ve taken a holistic view of this. We've done a study of all of our merchant and our rebar decisions and how we led our markets and I don’t want to get too many details out here and I am going to. But yes, this is really a function of more fully utilizing our melt in each of our areas and better matching the product offerings in each region to the markets in that region. And as we shift things around, we’ll be taking - we mentioned the word logistics several times here today because we kind of done a study and taken a hard look at how do we match our product offerings to the market that the - from a geographical perspective in which they are located and how can we rearrange that offering optimize on this or minimize on logistical costs. And at the end of the day we said this how many times, Nucor continues to be the low-cost producer in merchant and rebar and frankly in all of products and we continue to drive that cost lower and lower at the end of the day specially in the world with excess capacity, the low cost producer is going to be the winner and here the Nucor believe and continues improve of the continuously look for ways to drive that cost even lower. This is an example of it. The team has a got a great data. The long product group has done a great job at making a detailed market study and now we’re going to be implementing the changes that result in that study.
John Ferriola: Yes in that neighbor, we’re not going to give out any specifics at this point but yes in that neighborhood, it would be fair to make that comment.
John Ferriola: Thank you. Let me close by as I usually do by saying thank you. Saying thank you to our shareholder, we appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We appreciate the opportunity to earn your business every day and we will continue to work hard to earn this business every day. And I also want to say thanks to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders, and building a stronger future for all of us and our families. And most importantly, thank you all for doing it safely. Thank for your interest in our company. Have a great day.
Jim Darsey: I think when Leon was talking about service and restocking he was talking about the beginning part of the year not what we’re seeing currently. And so now that time is passed and so we're getting a bit of a boost in the first part of the year in the plate market because of that. Then as the year progress, scrap price has moved up and we were unable to move plate prices up with scrap prices. So we started to see a margin compression and that’s where we live now. We’re living in a margin-compressed world today and we think that will continue on to the fourth quarter. However, when we look at end market demand it hasn't changed from end it's probably improved just had that restocking that benefited us at the beginning of the year is over.
Jim Darsey: Yes Jim, let me add one other thing and that is that the plant did start its operations up early October. It’s running near full capacity again. We’re doing these things proactively not because we have a problem today its running well and we don't see any reason why it shouldn’t continue to run well. However, when you had the track record we've had, you’d be forced to put your head in the sand it’s not possible to be in other problems we’re trying to be proactive looking at every possible issue that the other things we could do that make the plan even more reliable.
Jim Darsey: We have done a lot of returning of cash to shareholders over the years and we've used base dividends supplemental dividends and share repurchases. We also look at what we have in our pipeline in terms of free cash flows as we forecast the future and imminent M&A transactions. We always have things in the pipeline we look at what's imminent and about to happen. And so we were encouraged by both the fact that we felt like the stock price was a little undervalued. We had a lot of liquidity and so we will always opportunistic to look at that and we that our dividends this year as we gone deeper in the year our payout ratio is going to be above 40% as we talked in the past that’s something that we think about in terms of what we make sure we’re paying at least that much in dividends. And so that was kind of the way we looked at it is. It was a good opportunity to use some of our extra cash with the stock price where it was.
Phil Gibbs: So we would be looking at new capacity than in both merchants and rebar if I’m hearing you correctly.
Phil Gibbs: And most of the micro mill investments we've seen have been around I want to say between 300 and 400,000 tons, should that be what we’re thinking about right…
Phil Gibbs: And if I could ask a second here just maybe it’s a good segue in both merchant bar and beam but a few weeks ago Nucor had severely cut list prices into the fourth quarter I was just thinking about what the rationale was behind that from a timing standpoint. And should we think there is going to be a little bit of pressure on pricing in fourth quarter? Thanks.
