Daniel DiMicco: Thank you, John. There’s one loud and clear message coming from these reports from Jim and John. The Nucor team is building long-term value for our shareholders, and we have had a successful record that extends over nearly five decades of doing just that. It is worthwhile to look at the long-term value we have generated over the last cycle. From the cyclical trough that our stock price reached in September 2000 when a new executive team started to 2010’s closing price, our long-term shareholders enjoyed a more than 7.3 times increase in the value of their investment, including dividends. 7.3 times. Speaking of dividends, in December, our board increased our regular quarterly cash dividend for the 38th consecutive year, and over the period from 2000 to 2010, Nucor’s base dividend has increased approximately tenfold. These returns to our shareholders through growth in our stock price and paying cash dividends did not just happen by accident or by riding a cyclical upturn. They were achieved by building sustainable business that has generated the highest returns on capital in the North American steel industry over that 2000 to 2010 time span. And they reflect our team’s unrelenting focus on being effective stewards of our shareholders’ valuable capital. And our long-term focus and approach in managing our business has been constant with this most recent severe recession. Nucor’s continued to make substantial investments that position us for new higher highs in cyclical earnings power once the sustainable economic recovery arrives. That is exactly what we mean when we say growing stronger during downturns. From 2007 to our expected 2011 capital spending plans, we have invested more than $6 billion of capital, including both capital expenditures and acquisitions. That is a lot of capital that Nucor’s shareholders will get paid for through attractive returns as we move into the next up-cycle. Our team is very optimistic about Nucor’s prospects for rewarding our shareholders with attractive long-term returns, just like we’ve been doing. Why? Because of the team, we are driven to settle for nothing less. Finally I will close with some very exciting news received just today. We have received the final permit for the two 2.5 million-ton DRI plants in Louisiana. These facilities will produce high-quality DRI to be used at our SBQ plate and sheet mills. Initially, we will build one DRI plant with plans to expand to the second facility shortly thereafter. These plants will enable us to continue to allow for greater self-sufficiency, controlling more of our own raw materials along with assuring us of high-quality raw material feed. We anticipate starting construction immediately, and we have placed orders for the major equipment items already with our suppliers. We have an anticipated start-up of mid-2013. The Nucor team’s excited to be a part of the St. James Parish community in Louisiana and bringing in the type of high-paying jobs that will help make us an integral part of this community. We appreciate all of the help and support that Governor Bobby Jindal and all the other state and local agencies have given to us to help this process come to fruition. Once again, thank you for your interest in Nucor, and we would now be happy to take your questions.
Daniel DiMicco: It starts hitting the P&L heavily as we move through the end of December and into the first quarter.
Daniel DiMicco: Okay. So when you say we only saw a 1% increase in usage, right, we had already seen significant increases in the price that we were paying. And, it will just taking – over a several month period, it will take that period of time for all the higher-priced scrap purchases to work through into our actual usage numbers. And in additional we worked very hard to get pricing in our steel products up to keep as close a pace we could to the scrap movement. So our raw material price increases will coincide with finished steel price increases, substantial ones on both parts. And both of those moves should allow our margins to expand from where they have been reported in the fourth quarter. Exact timing of those things, just it’s not feasible to pinpoint those for you, but as we stated you will see that occur throughout the first quarter, and it may be a month, maybe two lag between peak in pricing achieved on steel products, probably closer to a month versus the peak in raw material pricing. And as we get into the second quarter, they should be in lockstep, and we’re foreseeing a fairly stable pricing environment for both raw materials and steel prices as we move through the second quarter.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, first off, 2010 was actually the year that we saw the bottom occur in the downstream construction markets, and it wasn’t 2009, it was 2010. And yes, we do believe we have reached the bottom, and we’re seeing some positive demand signs, but they’re not rapid and they’re not large. We have seen some improvements in the Architectural Index. One of the faults of that index is it includes all of the architectural activity whether it’s domestic or foreign, so you have to be very careful judging the actual uptick in non-res and construction just from the AIA numbers. You have to take into account more factors than that. But indeed we have seen things improve. We’ve start – we’ve come off the bottom, but it’s going to be a slow, gradual climb. There’s really nothing going on out there that’s going to change things in a dramatic fashion in the first quarter. But we do expect to see steady improvement throughout the year, and we do expect to see the ability to maintain strong pricing to cover our raw material costs throughout the year.
Daniel DiMicco: Sal, one further clarification. Now, we move in and out of the contract business and the percentages that we have contract versus spot a lot of it has to do with just the dynamics in the economy and how fast things are changing. And there’ve been times when we’ve had 70% contract business, and times we’ve been at 25% and we usually determine how much of that we’re doing by the expected volatility that we see going forward. And right now the best mix for us is to maintain something at the lower end of our total production in the contract market.
Daniel DiMicco: Square? No. Round. And the other thing to keep in mind there is, the quality is so, so important. It takes so long to get approved, but once you do get approved, you tend to have a very solid customer base that continues to grow with you into new and more products. One of the most satisfying things that I’ve heard most recently about the quality of being a former metallurgist is how our customers are basically coming to us saying, your quality is as good as the quality we’re seeing out of the Japanese and other foreign producers, which has normally been regarded as the top quality in this area. So it’s very satisfying to see that our team is really focused on making the quality products that the customers are getting, and opening their eyes wide to the fact that we can do things that we didn’t really think they could get done in the domestic market here. So it’s a big opportunity for us to continue to grow our customer base in a positive way.Mark Parr – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Daniel DiMicco: What I will say is there has been a tremendous run-up in scrap prices and we do believe that we will see a more stable environment for scrap pricing going forward. Not that it won’t have moves up and down, but in general it will be much more stable.
Daniel DiMicco: And it will be at these elevated levels. And a lot of our scrap market behavior is dictated by a lot of exporting that’s been growing and growing year after year, and while they’re not necessarily real consistent about when they come to the market and when they go away from the market, so that’s added an element of volatility over the past years. Prices have gone up. But again, we do see a more stable environment going forward and whether it goes up $20 or down $20 or what have you over the next couple of months, we’ve seen the lion’s share, we believe, of the volatility although it’s still at risk for that in the future. But right now we just predict a more stable environment going forward.Mark Parr – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for that color, and good luck on the first quarter. Congratulations.
Daniel DiMicco: Yeah, there’s a large chunk of that, that will be in the DRI project in Louisiana. I forget the actual number.
Daniel DiMicco: About $120 million of that plus or minus. It could be more than that if we – now that we have the permit in hand, and they’re going to move forward aggressively on the project, a lot will depend on equipment deliveries and what have you.
Daniel DiMicco: John went through a litany of new projects from vacuum degassers to all the items that he mentioned throughout the various product groups that will all add to it, but those would be the two most significant ones in terms of dollar amount. The rest are spread over the entire corporation anywhere from $0.5 million to $20 million.
Daniel DiMicco: David, typically in these down periods, Nucor has invested heavily in its operations using our strong balance sheet and preparing for the next upturn. And if you go back and listen to all the things that John mentioned that we’re doing and plan on doing, you can get a sense for that continued investment in the future, in our operations, new products, new markets. And so that’s going to continue and as we’re dropping projects off or adding new projects so I would expect that you’re going to see a continued level of new projects and start-up costs for those new projects as we go through the year. Exactly where we end up I don’t know, but they will continue at a pretty good pace.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, first, the project that we have approved now by the state is direct reduced iron. It’s not pig iron.
Daniel DiMicco: That’s okay. That’s okay. And you’re right, the two variables that go into that are iron ore and natural gas. Natural gas we’ve mentioned in our last call, we have a very good arrangement that keeps natural gas prices at very competitive levels, comparable to what we’ve seen over the last 12 months going forward for 20-plus years. We’re not going to get into the actual numbers, but I gave you a frame of reference there as to where pricing has been the last 12 months on natural gas. And as far as iron ore goes, we’ve stated that up to this point in time, it will be spot market purchases in the open market like we do at our current DRI facility in Trinidad.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, currently, the Trinidad operations are mostly outside of the U.S. Canada is the closest we’d get to being in the U.S. and the rest comes from pretty much Brazil. And we anticipate a similar type of mix going forward for the second and third facilities.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, not a problem has to be put in quotations. The industries operated at an average operating rate of 70% last year, and imports were up some 40%, 50%. That makes no sense whatsoever considering how cost competitive we are in the marketplace. There have been trade cases filed because of some of that, and we are looking and working as we speak, filing some proactive cases. The amount of imports coming in are way too high, and you don’t see that anywhere else in the world to that level. And the cost for making steel around the world has gone up as fast, if not faster than in our domestic market for some of – many of the domestic producers. So we don’t believe we’re going to see a massive increase over the levels that we’ve seen, but the levels we’ve seen are still too high.
Daniel DiMicco: Sal, to answer your question, you can expect that the second phase, the second DRI plant will go in at a lower cost than the 750 because the handling equipment and the port facility that will handle both of those operations will be put in there for the first operation. And the original permit that we have in hand and that has been modified for the first phase now to be the two DRI plants, the original permit covered three phases and currently the second phase, it is still planned to be a blast furnace, coke oven operation. And the third phase to be finishing and rolling, maybe steel-making operations dependent upon how the market develops over the next several years. And so the total investment could be significantly greater than 3 billion and you have seen numbers in the past that were as high as 6 billion, but those numbers included doing a blast furnace and coke ovens and associated support equipment and power plants for the first phase being a blast furnace as opposed to now being two DRI plants. So there are a lot of numbers that are out there. But the latest number that we have in the press release covers predominantly the two DRI plants and potentially a pelletizing operation at that facility and all the material handling equipment.
Daniel DiMicco: One of the reasons we went to the DRI instead of the blast furnace coke oven route was because of the uncertainty over what governments in the world and our government are going to do with respect to carbon. And the amount of carbon given off in a DRI plant is significantly less than a blast furnace coke oven route. So as we see how this develops with respect to carbon issues in Washington and around the world that will have a lot to do with rather or not we do a blast furnace, coke oven in the second phase or we do more DRI facilities.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, first of all, we are more diversified into flat products than all you analysts seem to focus on or at least most of you. We’ve worked hard.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: Well, thanks.
Daniel DiMicco: Well, there’s some of that, that goes on but we’ve also moved more heavily into the OEM business ourselves and so I’m not so sure that it’s that big an issue right now.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: Okay. So your mix change is a bigger deal right now.
Daniel DiMicco: Okay. One more.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: Okay. On the scrap increase, so there was this kind of tiny $2 a ton scrap price increase in the fourth quarter, which I think I didn’t really – and maybe I just zoned and missed some of your answer. But if you’re on LIFO – last in first out – in your steel mills primarily, almost exclusively, then the highest priced scrap has already – is what goes through, right? And so I was just wondering, I know quarter-to-quarter, your mix of different types of scrap and then your mix of DRI and all this other stuff, even pig iron stuff that you buy, it varies a lot. So can we really say that the fourth quarter scrap costs didn’t rise? Because we might not have enough information to know if to if it’s apples-to-apples.
Daniel DiMicco: Yeah. Because the inventory levels, other than – which includes inventory scrap, work-in-process, finished goods inventory, the movements in the actual tons of inventory also have a major impact on the LIFO calculation. It’s not just the price of scrap. It’s the price of what’s going through the entire system and where it sits. And so it is not a simple thing to be able to say oh, LIFO did this, scrap did that, so LIFO did this, or the LIFO impact should cover what’s going on in scrap. At the end of the day, what you and the analysts and the investment community should be focusing on is that scrap prices have gone up, steel prices have gone up very strongly, and what we’re saying to you about the first quarter and the second quarter of the year is that we will be getting to the point during the quarter that the steel pricing is covering the scrap costs, even the increases that you haven’t, quote, unquote, seen in our usage numbers yet. Those will be going up in lockstep, and we see expanding margins as we go through the first quarter into the second quarter. And that’s why we’re forecasting a profitable first quarter and continued strength in profits moving into and through the second quarter. So it’s not like I heard you say and I think that some other people may have said it earlier and I didn’t comment on it, there’s going to be this huge, giant disparity between steel pricing and scrap pricing in the first quarter that’s going to hit us. There is going to be increased usage costs, but it will also be increased selling prices.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: By more than the difference. Thank you.
Daniel DiMicco: Hey, Tony. We had a big lunch. Tony Rizzuto – Dahlman Rose There you go. You got the carbohydrates working there. You obviously, you have a lot of pent-up earnings power and appreciate to hear all the efforts on upgrading your mix, et cetera. I haven’t heard a lot specifically about Nucor-Yamato, and I was wondering if you could maybe share with us what your operating rate was for all of 2010 there and where you kind of exited the year? And if you can give us any visibility in the first half, maybe directionally for operating rates that would helpful. And then my second question would be, do you guys have any plans to maybe break out and give us a little bit better transparency on your recycling operations, your metallics operations? Because it would be very helpful, I think, to helping us get a better understanding of what you guys are all about.
Daniel DiMicco: Tony, listen, this is not rocket science. It’s pretty straightforward. I think sometimes people try and find out the magic formula for predicting what’s going on. Where’s the GDP growth rate in the economy? If it’s not above 3%, steel demand is not growing, okay? You know what’s going on in the residential housing, which impacts the non-residential. You know how bad things are there. We watch the housing starts and what have you. There’s a million things that we look at. But at the end of the day, you know how well the economy’s doing and if we don’t see economic growth north of 3%, then things are going to grow slowly for steel consumption whether it’s in manufactured goods or it’s in construction products or construction-related products. And the best gauge that we can give you is listen to what we’re telling you because we’ve been very conservative and pretty spot-on as to what is really going on from time to time to time and we’re saying to you today that, listen, things are getting better, but they’re getting better slowly. And if anybody’s providing contrary information to that, then I don’t think they’re giving you accurate information. And the main things we look at are the things you mentioned. And we can’t predict what’s going to go on with scrap. Our track record there is poor, even though we have a major scrap processing and brokerage company within the company. Scrap is not the same environment – it doesn’t have the same environment today as it had 20 years ago. When scrap moved $10, $15, $20 a year it was big move. All right? That’s not the case for the last seven years. It’s because of global demand. It’s become much more volatile. So if we’re predicting when that is going to happen, it’s still difficult to do despite our best efforts because we don’t control really what goes on in these markets. In the global world, it’s much more complicated than that. But at the end of the day, if you don’t see GDP growing over 3%, it’s going to be slow growth for the steel industry.
Daniel DiMicco: No. We haven’t had any problems yet getting pig iron. Of course, we’re using less of it today than in the past because we’re using a good mix of DRI in our charges.
Daniel DiMicco: We just opened March, which means that orders taken for the month of March will be at the highest pricing levels that are out there in the marketplace.
Daniel DiMicco: They’re passing them along. They have no choice. This is not the first time that the market in this country and around the world has been faced with these rapidly rising prices due to raw materials. I mean this took place in ‘03 and ‘04 and continued through the last peak up and down from quarter to quarter, year to year. And so people are pretty well adjusted to the fact that they’ve got to get these prices passed through to their end users in the quickest way possible. And they do a pretty good job.
Daniel DiMicco: Yeah, I want to thank everybody for the questions and the interest in our company. And once again, I want to state to our shareholders and our employees, Nucor’s best years are ahead of us. Things don’t always go as fast as you’d like, but as long you’re doing the right things to build for a profitable future, we will have a good solid future and we look forward to the next upturn, providing the kind of earnings growth that we saw from the last downturn to upturn, ‘01, ‘02 and ‘03, to ‘04 through ‘08 in a bigger way than took place back then. Thank you to all of our teammates. Stay focused. Keep working together. Keep working on getting better. Thank you.
John Ferriola: The only other comment I would make is that you asked, Brian, about how we see it going forward. We see the structural market very stable going forward, and we would expect the first half of 2011 to be similar to our performance in 2010. Again, to Dan’s point, with the higher margin profits although the volumes will be the same, we expect to see higher margins from that business.
John Ferriola: Yeah. Our percentage of contract for the last half of 2010 was about 35% and as we go forward into 2011, the first half of 2011, we’re expecting it to be a little bit lower. It will be about 30% during the first half of 2011.
John Ferriola: We have two types well actually we have three types. Some are scrap rebate programs where we take scrap in and value it against the scrap used to produce the product that we then ship to the customer. We have some that are scrap surcharge-based, and we have some that are CRU-based.
John Ferriola: On the scrap rebate program and on the contracts that are tied to scrap surcharges, we see it immediately. On the CRU, there’s usually a delay of about a month before we realize the price increases that would correspond to spot pricing.
John Ferriola: Well, first of all in terms of product, it’s wire rod and it’s coiled rebar. And in terms of whether we see the market increasing or whether we’re gaining market share I would say our team is doing a great job of gaining market share in that region.
John Ferriola: It absolutely does. When you look at it, working side-by-side with our Nebraska plant, we’ll be able to supply SBQ bars from about one-quarter inch up to 10 inches, and that’s a great span of products to be able to offer to the market.
John Ferriola: Let me put it to you this way. Nobody in this business whether on the scrap side, the analyst side or the steel producer or user side, predicted what was going to happen with scrap over the last couple of months. And so being that we have such a stellar track record, we’re going to refrain from predicting what we think’s going to happen in scrap over the next couple of months.Mark Parr – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Well, hey, you know, John, what I always said, the key to good forecasting is to forecast often. So you know.
John Ferriola: Yeah. I would just add that in the products that you mentioned, Dan, in plate and in sheet we’ve also worked and succeeded over the last several years in moving up the value chain and moving more into OEM applications and away from the non-residential construction. For example, we talked a lot about appliance and automotive and those other agricultural applications for our plate business, all of which remain very strong.
John Ferriola: Sure.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: I get asked this question like – I don’t know how many 10 times a day, where people throw the 72% operating rate at me and they say, can you just explain 50% price increases with a 72% operating rate? And I got some theories, but I’d like to hear yours.
John Ferriola: Well, you mentioned the publications that we look at that you look at. We look at the same ones. McGraw-Hill is out there. Those are really all we have to go with.
John Ferriola: I’ll handle that one, Dan. We are not selling for February; we have closed February and we have just opened March.
James Frias: Yeah, Dave, there will be $60 million related to our working interest drilling program for gas supply.
James Frias: And those are the two biggest items. I don’t think we have the details of anything beyond that at our fingertips.
James Frias: Well, I think you have to think about the DRI project as being – it’s going to increase in the following year and then it’ll fall off after 2012. And then I think you can expect the working interest drilling to be at a steady state going forward. So I think the rest of the CapEx will be fairly steady from that going forward.
James Frias: Initially for the first quarter, we expect it to go down to about $35 million. We really haven’t taken a view beyond that in detail. But our view is it’s going to go from 39 million in the fourth quarter to somewhere in the 35 range in the first quarter.
James Frias: It never has. We keep finding new things to invest in that have start-up costs associated with them.
James Frias: Sal, I think you might be – this is Jim. I think you might be confused with the original scale of spending that was associated with the initial project, which is a blast furnace.
James Frias: Yes. And the number that’s in the news release, which I don’t know if our news release is out – it is out, regarding the St. James project refers to 3 billion in spending and that includes some of the follow-on spending beyond the two DRI plants as well.
James Frias: The first phase, we’ve said – the first phase is really the only one we have priced out, and it’s $750 million.
James Frias: It will increase probably somewhat from 2011 into 2012. It will probably level off in 2012 at that higher level.
James Frias: Michelle, I think you’re confusing a few things. We record the LIFO adjustment here in Charlotte separate of our scrap accounting. Certainly, scrap prices affect the LIFO calculation, but when we say scrap cost used with X, that was scrap cost used on a FIFO basis. So the numbers that we reported are the scrap costs used on a FIFO basis. Now, the thing that John emphasized when I think he was asked this question earlier is that there was a timing issue when scrap prices increased – or maybe Dan talked about this. Over the quarter, we had purchases of scrap that were higher than the scrap we used. A lot of the inventory that we were receiving in December in new scrap deliveries didn’t get into the scrap that we used yet. It’ll be part of our January cost structure. So there’s a little bit of a lag effect between when prices rise in the marketplace and when they hit us in our usage numbers. But we try and get the pricing matched in a way that we’re neutral, and as we said we had a squeeze this time. Prices went down initially in the markets, then they started recovering but scrap ended up overall going up.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: So was yours.
James Frias: LIFO’s not going to – there’s so much that goes into LIFO, you can’t just tie it – certainly scrap is the biggest single driver, but you can’t make direct correlations like that, Michelle.Michelle Applebaum – Steel Market Intelligence: Okay.
