Leon Topalian: Yes. Thanks for the question, Emily. Look, I would tell you broadly, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, our mission is to grow the core, expand beyond and live the culture. We see opportunities as we think about growing the core, and that's the expansions at our Hickman galvanizing line to become the first EAF to be able to produce a full generation three steel for the automotive sector. It's the expansion at our Gallatin sheet mill in expanding that footprint into a more attractive returns in different sectors like automotive, energy, and our culmination with the largest single investment in Nucor's history, our plate mill in Brandenburg, Kentucky, that's going to be brought online next year. That's going to be located in the heart of the largest plate-consuming region in the United States. And from a timing perspective, as we think about the renewable energy market and sector, that mill is incredibly ideally positioned and well suited to meet the demands of both onshore wind, but particularly offshore when that grows as a business. But we also see opportunities as we think about growth in the core outside of that. And so there are times that you're going to see Nucor continue to look within the framework of traditional steelmaking lanes that we've operated in for the last half of a century, but also expanding beyond. And that is the recent acquisitions with both Cornerstone and Hannibal that fit Nucor's long-term strategic objectives of maximizing shareholder returns. But also Emily, it's a focus on moving into markets that are truly growing. As you know, steel is a cyclical business in the industry and what we see in those renewable space what we see in the green economy and digital economy is a fast-growing and increasing market opportunity for Nucor to maximize and leverage its strength, its cultural stewardship and to bring a leadership perspective into those businesses.
Leon Topalian: Yes, I'll turn that to Dave Sumoski, our Chief Operating Officer, to provide a little more color on both of those projects.
Leon Topalian: The final point Emily, I'd like to share as we think about growth and it really is a backdrop, as Nucor filters through all of our strategic growth strategies, as Nucor is not looking to build capacity. We're looking to build capability. And so as we think about our growth strategy, it's not about a volume play. It's about offering a differentiated value proposition for our customers to create, again, long-term shareholder value.
Leon Topalian: Yes. And on the second part, Carlos, I wanted to ask Doug Jellison, our EVP of Raw Materials, to give you a little update on our two DRI facilities.
Leon Topalian: Thanks, Curt. And look, I'll touch on it and ask Jim or Doug, to chime in. As we think about your framing, you're right. As we think about Nucor expanding and some of our competitors expanding further upstream into more value-added businesses. On the EAF side, the demand for prime is going to get tighter. And that is why Nucor long ago began a very thoughtful and long-term strategy to control more of our metallics inventory. And that's why we built the facility in Louisiana. And again, I'm proud of the team. I'm proud of the work that they've done. For way too many years on this call, we shared one reliability issue after the next. Their downturn that they took back in 2019 to fix the reliability issues has manifested itself to what Doug shared earlier in terms of world-class reliability, now operating not just in Trinidad, which is done for a long time, but now marrying that up with our capability in Louisiana. So, under new course control, we have about 4.5 million tons of DRI metallics that are in our direct control, and move forward. And as we think about expansion and the demand on the metallic side, is there opportunity? Yes, I think there's some opportunities as we think about -- is there an opportunity in this country for certain integrated competitors to make pig iron in those facilities and have a sourced buyer in the United States, absolutely. And Nucor would be absolutely supportive of that strategy. But again, that's for them to sort through and work through. But again, we're confident in our capability today.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, I would tell you that we're expecting a more slightly higher than what we saw in Q2. So not substantially greater, but we do see some improving end markets, and we think the opportunity is there for us to run a little bit stronger in Q3.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, let me begin with the kind of the backdrop of as we think about semiconductors and one of the things that I think most Americans have learned through this pandemic is, this nation needs to be a nation that builds and makes things again, and we've got to restore manufacturing in this country, whether it be pharma, PPE, medical equipment devices and semiconductors. But directly to answer your question, you think about the days on hand in the automotive world of about 27 days on hand, inventory numbers are staggeringly low. We think about the rental car fleets across this nation, it's going to take a long time to replenish the dealer inventory networks as well as the rental car side. But as we mentioned, our investment strategies and our move in automotive is really exciting for Nucor. We're about 1.5 million tons today into the automotive sector. And our focus is to, in the next several years, double that. Our OEM relationships that we've built over the years, now becoming General Motors Supplier of the Year back to back to back years, three years in a row, our team has done a phenomenal job. I couldn't be more proud of the work that's done. So while I do think we're going to see some constraints, obviously, you're reading the headlines as we are in talking to our customers. There's going to be a lot of pressure, right? The GM announced they're going to take some downtime on some of their Silverados and building out of their pickup trucks. None of that is by design, right? It's because they can't get the parts that they need. So while it will have an overall material impact to the industry, Nucor's volumes are not significantly off. And we have a unique platform where our 14 OEM direct customers that we have today are asking Nucor to take bigger shares, and that is, again, an exciting opportunity as we think about marrying up the investment strategy to where our long-term goals want to be in automotive.
Leon Topalian: Sure. Maybe we'd begin with the end, Chad, if you want to maybe just provide a little backdrop. Chad Utermark is responsible for our engineered bar group. And Chad, why don't we start there, and then I'll touch on the oil and gas.
Leon Topalian: Yes. And Phil, I'd just say, I mean, to your question around oil and gas, obviously, the weakest of the end markets through '20 and '21. Obviously, ongoing recovery in energy prices suggest improving OCTG and line pipe demand ahead, difficult to forecast as we move forward. We do see signs of life and some improved activity there, but I think all the end markets we serve, certainly the most or the longest to recover, I think that will continue through the rest of this year as we move into '22. We're cautiously optimistic that will continue to improve.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. I'd like to conclude today by once again thanking our Nucor teammates for your focused commitment to living our culture and how we take care of our team, customers, shareholders, and for delivering on our most important value, the health, safety and well-being of the entire Nucor family. Thank you for your interest in our company, and have a great day.
Jim Frias: One clarification. When Dave said both these projects, I think he was referring to the Hickman line and Gallatin. Brandenburg is not until late 2022.
Jim Frias: I'll take the first one, and I'll let Leon decide who's going to talk about DRI not HBI. But working capital -- that's okay. If we look at working capital, is inventory receivables and payables, it consumed over $900 million of cash in Q2. We expect that to moderate in the balance of the year. It's still going to require some increase. It will depend on how much scrap prices go up, if they do. And of course, we know sheet pricing is going up because of the way the CRU contracts our impact. I think we just recently announced price increases in some other products as well. So, we'll see some price inflation that will cause working capital to go up further, but probably not at the same pace as we experienced in Q2.
Jim Frias: Well, we're going to get $250 million of benefit in what we pay versus what we accrued this year and $250 million next year. But it's not just as simple as looking at that line of statement of cash flows to see.
