John J. Ferriola: Well, as I've mentioned several times in previous calls, Nucor continues to develop and get qualified for advanced high-strength steels in applications in automotive. We particularly are focused on, as I mentioned in the past, unexposed applications. I'm happy to report that the qualification process is continuing and we're doing quite well in both cold-rolled and galvanized. We're moving well into the qualification period and we expect imminent supply contracts. In fact, I can tell you that, as we speak, we do have already in use, in exposed applications, steel products on cars in production and out on the roads today. So on the sheet side, we continue to progress well on the qualification and implementation phase of moving into exposed automotive and other automotive applications. In SBQ, we continue to move up the value chain also. We are currently producing crankshaft steel for several driveshafts. We produce axle steel at our Norfolk, Nebraska plant. And as we mentioned in the script, we've made a lot of investments during the past downturn to continue to get better at that with degassers. Our wide light project at Berkeley will help us continue to move up into the automotive exposed arena. And of course, we have our automotive-rated galvanizing line indicator. So we feel pretty good about Nucor continuing to move into more automotive applications. And that's a focus of ours. Obviously, automotive is very strong now. We continue -- we believe it will continue to be strong for a while. So our focus will be to continue to move into more automotive applications.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I'm not sure that we're going after a major component of the business. And frankly, given the investments that we've already made, Sal, we don't see the need to make many more large investments in any of our facilities to move further into automotive. So we're pretty happy with where we're positioned from an equipment perspective. As I mentioned before, the qualification period in automotive is a very long process. It usually runs about 2 years. And given where we are in that process right now, we're pretty happy with the amount of business we've got. We do believe it will continue to grow, but we don't -- we are targeting in 2014 to increase it by about 5%. But -- and I want to comment on your question about aluminum. So let's take a look at aluminum. Yes, we recognize Ford's move into the aluminum arena with the F-150, but we still believe that steel, long-term, will be the material of choice for automotive production. When we compare it to aluminum, aluminum is 2x or 3x the initial cost of the steel. There is significant cost to retool the automotive production facilities. And the repair and insurance costs for car owners with aluminum, we believe, will be significantly higher. So we still see a major role for steel in automotive. And Nucor, frankly, as well as the rest of the industry, continue to focus on developing high -- advanced high-strength steels that will result in light weighting for the vehicles that's similar to aluminum and do it more effectively.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we agree very strongly with the statement that the gas, the shale gas revolution will, in fact, result in a manufacturing renaissance in the United States. And I don't have the data at my fingertips, but there is quite a bit of data out there supporting that position. The amount of investment in manufacturing over the last 2 to 3 years is measured in the billions of new projects. We see it all the time as we visit with our customers and we get in the form of a customer feedback. We -- there's Caterpillar, for one, is moving back into the States, moving some production back into the States. Several of the large equipment manufacturers are moving production facilities back into the States. So we think it is very real. We think it's very significant. And we are investing in our company to be ready for that renaissance when it occurs. That's what the $8 billion of investments we've made over the last couple of years is all about. We believe it's coming. We believe we'll be ready for it and we believe we will be best positioned to take advantage of it.
John J. Ferriola: As relates specifically to the renaissance in manufacturing, it's hard to quantify that number. I think I'll leave it with the fact that we've invested heavily. We've grown not only our buying but more importantly, we've grown our value-added offerings to the marketplace. And as manufacturing comes back, you need those higher-valued, qualified steels, advanced strength and others, to fill the needs of the production that will be returning to the United States.
John J. Ferriola: And I might also just add to Jim's comments that as manufacturing moves back in, it's going to need buildings. Those buildings are going to need foundations. We have rebar, we have the foundation of rebar formation -- forming companies. We have rebar placing companies. We have metal buildings that we could supply to them. So as you see them moving back in, you'll see our downstream businesses benefit from that renaissance also, as well as our steel producing divisions.
John J. Ferriola: Yes. Well, one thing that I would want to remind you of is that one of the real benefits of the DRI facility is flexibility, as well as a shorter supply chain. We will have the ability to switch iron units as pricing changes for the various commodities. Now that's a really important point. And Jim, you'll look that up. But I want to mention a couple things about the startup at the DRI plant. First of all, I want to again thank our team in Louisiana. A great bunch of guys, they did a great job working under very difficult circumstances. We had, as you mentioned, the dome situation, which was a setback. Our team found a workaround for that in the typical Nucor way. We like to say at Nucor, when we have a crisis, we run towards it, we don't run away from it. And certainly, when we had the dome failure, there was a need to run towards that situation and we did it, and the team did a great job coming up with a phenomenal workaround. That DRI facility is the largest DRI facility anywhere in the world. And as such, it's a complex operation, and there'll be some bumps in the road. But I'm happy to say that in addition to the phenomenal quality that I've mentioned earlier, I mean, within 24 hours to be up to quality levels that we've been achieving, world-class quality levels that we're achieving in Trinidad, that's an outstanding performance. We are currently running just slightly above 80% of capacity, that's pretty much right on track with our startup curve that we expected, frankly, probably a little bit ahead of it. And we've had short periods of time when we ramp -- been able to ramp-up for short periods of time to about 90% to 95% of capacity. So all of that gives us a good deal of confidence in the plant technology and in our teammates' ability to run that plant efficiently and effectively.
John J. Ferriola: Well, you know, I'll say we've gotten a little -- first of all, it would be the second one in Louisiana, our third one in the company, just so we're clear on that. And certainly, we are looking at that. I don't want to say that we're any closer to making that decision. We're just a couple of weeks into the startup. We want to continue to evaluate the HYL technology, although we've been very impressed with it to date. And frankly, as with any plant, we went through this with our facility in Trinidad, during that first year of operation, there's going to be some bumps in the road. And we expect it, you should expect it. It won't come as any surprise to us when it happens. We're confident in our ability to overcome those bumps and continue to move forward. But there are going to be -- there's going to be hiccups in the operation. It's just it's a new facility, a complex operation and there will be some hiccups. So we're continuing to evaluate it, we'll make the decision on the second DRI facility in Louisiana at the appropriate time.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I'll repeat what we said in the script. At last year's pricing, we were able to have a modest profitable return. And so that should give you some indication. I'm not going to go any further than that.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as I mentioned, it's something that we'll do jointly with our partners, Encana. I'm not sure that it would be dependent upon the futures curve, as such, per se. But obviously, we would be looking for a sustainable price movement before we would make a decision to begin drilling again. Right now, we believe it's in the best interest of our shareholders and the best return for our capital to suspend the drilling. The key here is to remember that we don't lose any of the gas that's still underground. It'll always be there and we have the same amount of access to it. So as pricing increases, it only gets better. So we'll look at it with a very careful eye before we begin drilling again. We would want to see a sustainable price move in natural gas so that we get a higher return for our investment. It's just common sense. We have nothing to lose and a lot to gain, and that's how we'll approach it.
John J. Ferriola: I would just like to make one more point about the suspension of the drilling. I mentioned it in the script, but it's really a very significant point. And that is that we have covered our needs for the DRI plant in Louisiana. So the -- our desire to hedge our bets on natural gas, which would mean a major risk to our DRI facility, we've got that covered. So we've got that covered right now into 2015. So that would also factor into our decision. As we saw a need to continue or to grow the hedge in Louisiana, that would be a factor we would use in deciding to begin drilling again.
John J. Ferriola: Well, frankly, with the state of the economy and with the challenging market conditions in steel, we've been approached with more opportunities in the last 6 months than we have been in quite a while. I'm not going to state anything specific about where they are or what they are, but there's opportunities out there. Now having said that, that doesn't mean just because we have it, we're going to go out and spend it. If it's not an opportunity that provides a great return on that investment, we're not going to move forward with it. Bear in mind what I mentioned during the last call, and I want to reiterate right now. Our focus is on execution. We've invested $8 billion of our shareholders' valuable capital over the last -- well, since 2008. And our focus this year is going to be on execution. Having said that, if the right opportunity comes along, whether or not we were able to conserve the $400 million on the gas or not, if the right opportunity came along, our financial strength and our balance sheet position would allow us to take advantage of it. But again, it's got to be the right opportunity with the right return on the investment of our shareholders' valuable capital. Other than that, our focus will be on execute -- continuing to focus on being the low-cost producer, driving our costs down and moving up the value chain in our product offerings.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we're not very effective predictors of the weather, okay. So let me start by saying that. But given the start of the year and the way that it is looking for at least the first quarter, we think there's going to be some whether challenges out there for the next 3 months. And also bear in mind that when we talk about the impact of weather on our business, it's not just the downstream. We always tend to focus on the downstream businesses that are impacted. But remember, we're a fully-integrated company. So when our downstream businesses are impacted, it impacts our steel production. It impacts our scrap operations, our whole raw material chain. So weather, for us, can have an impact on our profitability. And frankly, Timna, we don't know what the weather is going to be. But given our best guess, that's how we see it at this point in time. We'll come back, as we always do, in the middle of the last month of the quarter and give more direct guidance.
John J. Ferriola: Absolutely. That's part of the factor. And again, and I want to be very upfront about this, we're a couple of weeks into production at our Louisiana facility. And we know that during the course of the next 6 to 12 months, there are going to be some bumps in the road, some hiccups in our production. And so we'll factor some of that in. We will have -- we'll keep a little bit more on hand to protect against some of those occurrences that we know are out there. We just haven't found them yet. Having said that, I want to reiterate that we have full confidence in our team in Louisiana. They will overcome those road bumps and continue to bring it online and exceed our expectations, I'm sure.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as I mentioned, we are working hard with our government to make sure that, that in fact happens. There's no doubt in my mind and in our minds that rebar is being imported and dumped into the United States. It's a really good sign when you get the kind of vote in the preliminary hearing that we were able to get. If I recall, I believe it was 5 to 1, which is outstanding. The ruling is expected on -- towards the end of April. I think it's April 28, is when we'll have the final hearing and the ruling. So we're confident that at this point, we'll get a favorable ruling. We believe that to be the case. And we believe very strongly that it should be the case of critical circumstances and all of the penalties that come along with that. We'll be pushing hard for that. And we've got a great team in Washington, a great team -- government affairs here in Charlotte supporting that team. And we're confident it's going to happen.
John J. Ferriola: Well, Keith, do you want to comment on scrap? I do note that we have seen that occur in currency. It's been interesting to see though the amount of exported scrap going to Turkey. It seems to have dropped off in the last couple of weeks.
John J. Ferriola: And in terms of addressing the steel side, and we're going to watch that situation very carefully. And if we see an increase in the imports of steel products from Turkey that result from that, we'll take the appropriate action.
John J. Ferriola: Obviously, there's a lot of factors and too many factors to be able to give you a hard and fast number. Again, I'm just going to repeat what I've said. We've made the investments. We've made them to improve not only our volume capabilities, but the value-added product capabilities we can offer to the marketplace. We stand ready and poised to take advantage of the upcycle that's inevitably going to arrive. How quickly it arrives, how quickly the economy and the market ramps up will determine the kind of returns that we see on this investment. Will we see them? Absolutely. When we see them is what's a little bit up in the air and is dependent upon how quickly the economy and the market recovers.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we've seen an increase in our backlogs. We've seen a modest improvement in the pricing that we've been able to -- pricing power we've been able to exercise in those areas. But again, it's been a modest improvement. We -- just as we began to see things improve, we saw the weather get a lot worse, and that's impacted some of that. But we believe that there will be an incremental improvement in the nonresidential construction market during 2014. How quickly it ramps up is unclear. But if you read all the projections, we here -- we read there's anywhere from -- some of the projections are 5% to 10% improvement in 2014 over 2013. So we think that that's probably a reasonable number.
John J. Ferriola: We're running probably somewhere around the neighborhood of about 80% -- 75% to 80% capacity utilization. It goes up and down a little bit. Now one of the things that we've been a little bit encouraged by is the fact that we have seen some increase in our order book in sheet, particularly in cold-rolled and in galvanized. The hot-rolled market has been a little bit more challenged, but cold-rolled and galvanized, partially being driven by automotive, as well as our heavy machinery, are doing very well.
John J. Ferriola: We always look for those opportunities. I would say its a combination of those factors, and probably more significantly, the fact that we have a broader offering to the marketplace now. The 72-inch products coming off of Berkeley, that's a big -- we will be able to attack different markets with that. Now we still have a -- balancing against that is there's still overcapacity in the world, and it's coming into the United States in the way of imports. Will we gain market share? We believe we will. It's a factor of new products we can offer, but it's also a factor of our performance. Our quality is outstanding. Our on-time delivery is second to none, and our service that we provide to our customers is excellent. In fact, you've heard me mention several times in our past calls our focus on commercial excellence. And I find it kind of rewarding, to be honest with you, that in listening to some of the other calls from our competitors, the term commercial excellence seems to be coming up more from our competitors today. And I guess I'll just say, imitation is the most sincere form of flattery when I think about that.
John J. Ferriola: Well, Brian, to help everyone understand, and we do post a kind of a spreadsheet on our website, and you can go on to that website and work through the numbers based upon your best projection on iron ore cost, iron scrap cost, pig iron cost and all of the rest. So -- now I'll leave that to you to go through it. I'll just answer your question by saying, we're just -- again, we're a couple of weeks into this process. We're just going through the startup now. We're still evaluating what it's going to mean to us. It will change as the pricing of other iron units changes. We've said that many times. In environments where you have a high iron unit pricing, it's going to be a very, very major contributor. In times, in environments where iron costs, iron unit costs are lower, it will be a positive contributor of a lesser amount. So it's a function of many inputs, you're welcome to go on to the website and work through the numbers. You can see them at different levels.
John J. Ferriola: As I've mentioned several times on the call, we're early in the process. So it's hard for me to give too much color to how we're going to play out during the rest of the year. We're confident in this technology, the initial results are outstanding. Our quality is good, our volume is good, the process is stable. Having said all of that, there will be bumps in the road, as I've mentioned. We're expecting them, we're confident we will overcome them. But it makes it very difficult for me to give any kind of projection at this point on the returns. We'll be better prepared to answer that as we get a little bit further down the road with operating that facility.
John J. Ferriola: Well, one of the major factors, obviously, one of the largest costs of DRI production, second to iron ore, is natural gas. And our natural gas working partnership agreement is a major factor for us being able to maintain a very competitive position in the production of DRI. I would also point out to you that we have a lot of facilities that can use the DRI. When you build a DRI plant, if you plan to consume it yourself, it's got to be across a multitude of facilities. There's an investment required at each one of those facilities in heating the material into the furnace, the equipment required to do that. We're in a position where we have the balance sheet to have been able to do that, and do it in the right manner so that we can feed a significant amount of DRI into the furnaces to get the kind of results we are looking to get. So for those reasons, we believe that we -- and frankly, having gotten a head start, it's -- the best way to learn about a process is to work with the equipment. We've been working with it now for a while. We'll continue to work with it. In some way -- if a competitor was to move forward with plans in DRI production, right now, it would take them probably a minimum of 2 to 3 years by the time they gathered all of the permits and went through the ordering of equipment and the construction phase of it. I'm sure they would hit a couple of the bumps that we hit, that would slow them down a bit. So we think we would have a 2- to 3-year time advantage, and with that comes a lot of knowledge and a lot of experience that we think would give us a competitive advantage. So we believe that the way we went into this and being first into it and going into it in a big way as we have done, is going to give us a long-term ability to have a competitive position.
John J. Ferriola: Well, again, different factors there that will impact the overall costs. But let me just say this, what you really have to compare is the conversion cost itself, okay. And we think that Louisiana, given the size of the -- and we have an advantage of volume and the technology itself, we think is a little bit better technology. We think we'll be in at least a cost-competitive, if not cost-advantaged position in Louisiana.
John J. Ferriola: Okay. Let me begin with your first question and we'll work into the second question. Maybe I'll address the second question first, while it's fresh in my mind. You gave me a bunch of questions there at one time. So lets start with DRI, it's true that the demand for the pellet is improving, is increasing. But we have multiple sources of the iron ore itself. And in our arrangements with those, we feel confident that we'll be able to get the iron ore pelletized the way[ph] to a DRI level that we need. And we don't see this as a major obstacle going forward. Perhaps you can refresh my memory on all the 2 parts of the first question. Okay. Your question was with our shipments in the fourth quarter...
John J. Ferriola: Okay. First of all, certainly, there was a small amount of demand improvement in the fourth quarter. So there certainly was some demand improvement. But we also had a huge opportunity because of some challenges that some of our competitors faced in their production facilities. And that gave us an opportunity to grow our market share. And whenever you have that opportunity, you work hard to keep it going forward. You work hard to keep it going forward through your performance. We know that we serve those customers well. When some of our competitors, because of various situations, let their customers down, we were able to move in quickly, supply high-quality product, on-time, great service, a phenomenal performance, all at a very reasonable price. And we believe that as a result of that and as a result of the new products that we've been introducing to the market, we did pick up market share and we will be able to hold a portion of that market share going forward.
John J. Ferriola: Thank you, Jamie. And let me just wrap up by saying thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We really do appreciate your business. And I want to say thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, thank you, all, for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
James D. Frias: Meredith, this is Jim Frias, I want to comment on that. We've been operating the last few years in the 70% steel mill utilization rate. And historically, normal markets in the past, not just the cyclical peak we saw in 2004 to 2008, we more typically operated in the low- to mid-90s of our capacity utilization. So that would suggest to you that there's a 20% to 25% upside just in the volumes, on top of whatever the margin benefit is.
James D. Frias: I'll take the working capital part and then let John answer the first half of the question. The working capital benefit is going to be relatively small because it depends on how much we shift away from pig iron as the year goes on. And versus, maybe, using less prime scrap. So I shouldn't say small, it's a fairly broad range, is the way I should describe it. We currently carry -- we're going to look up, while we're on the call, how much inventory we carry in pig iron and maybe give you a little tighter answer on that.
James D. Frias: This is Jim Frias, I'll answer that. At 300-and-some wells that we'll have in process, with what's going to be finished drilling through about the middle of this year, that's not enough at that point to require the separate disclosures, it's not material enough. So it's going to be at some point in time, we don't have a specific number of wells that have to be out there producing that crosses over that line. But we're not really anywhere near it with the 300-plus -- small amount that we'll have in 2014.
James D. Frias: Well, first, just to pre-operating and startup costs. In the fourth quarter, they were about $16 million and we're expecting them to be lower by about $10 million in the first quarter. And the improvement is largely improvement at Nucor Louisiana, the DRI facility, that's where the improvement is coming from. And I'll let John speak further about what we expect from that point going through the rest of the year.
