Leon Topalian: Yes, Tristan, I will kick it off and maybe ask Steve to comment on maybe the second half of your question. But if we think about our mission statement that we started when I took over CEO in 2020, it's to grow the core expand beyond and liberal culture. So as we think about growth, it's really against those two backdrops growing our core projects like our sheet mill in West Virginia, which again, we couldn't be more excited about at an incredible groundbreaking last week on Friday of last week with our team and senators and local politicians, and again, couldn't be more thrilled for the location of that, the proximity of that, generating the highest grades and cleanliness of steels in that facility, projects like Lexington, North Carolina are expansions and galvanizing and sheet and painted and galvanized. So that's the core. The other piece is the expanding beyond things like our investment in CHI in the overhead door business, so racking our warehouse systems, the towers and structures, pieces of Nucor that are going to continue to generate more consistent earnings profiles, a higher high and again a higher low. Because again, many of those businesses as we think about the adjacencies, Tristan, our -- that operate outside the traditional cyclicality of the normal steel curve that we've been a part for so long, so we are balancing that overall portfolio, again, balancing that return profile for our shareholders. And so those are our priorities. As we think about -- we've not broken out dollars to dollars on where we're going to spend x amount of percent in which bucket, what we're doing is looking through, where do we bring value? Where do we create economic value add and how do we maximize each capital dollar into those projects that are going to come closer near double our cost of capital. Ultimately, with the umbrella or the cultural fits renew core? Do they make sense because ultimately, what drives Nucor and every KPI that you see is the 32,000 men and women who make up this family, it is our culture that drives every result in our shareholders benefit from.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Tristan, the short answer is yes. If you think about all of that, and another 100 variables of upstream product differentiation other materials, Nucor is -- and our team and M&A team review that consistently. And we've looked and again, one of the great things about having a comprehensive strategy, it informs you as much about what you're not going to do is what you are. So the things that we've made and the investments that I've just highlighted are really reflective of the opportunities that we're going to continue to look for in the pipelines and those megatrends that are existing in archive. They're going to provide a differentiated value proposition for our customers. So the megatrends like towers and structures, the opportunities and sustainability and iconic steel that we're making with zero net carbon footprints, how are we thinking about the manufacturing build out of EVs, battery plants, data centers that, again Nucor is really well-positioned. And so, what I would tell you is, all the things you mentioned come into the filtering of how we're thinking about M&A. But ultimately, what Steve and I just mentioned, are the drivers of can we create EVA for every dollar invested that it's going to return well above our cost of capital to our shareholders, and also giving us a opportunity to, again, improve the overall volatility of our earnings profile through cycle performance is much more consistent over the long-term.
Leon Topalian: Carlos, look, what I would touch on immediately out of the gate is what Brad just mentioned, which is our product breadth is a key differentiator. So again, we are not under Damian [ph] the entire commercial team at Nucor. We're approaching that market to look and say, how do we provide a solution set not just provide and sell a product. So our teams, our Construction Solutions group, our Energy Solutions groups are going out now and meeting with customers attaching them to maybe areas and products that weren't traditionally purchased either mill direct or that weren't coupled together that we now can bring to bear as an entire offering to provide a solution set. As we think about the manufacturing build out and warehouse build out, how do we now look to offer, again, the complete solution, not just in piece or part on and product of. And so I would tell you that is gaining a lot of traction and intention. The other piece is the sustainability. There's a lot of people that are trademarked and branded their products in the green space, but very few, if any, in the world at our scale. And so the scale of which we're running our iconic products and net zero products today is getting a lot of attention and not just through the OEMs in automotive. It's a much more diverse customer set today that we're seeing that are demanding those products anything in the industry.
Leon Topalian: Yes, I'll start us off with the first one. And I'm not sure I fully caught the second part of the question, Bill, but if I don't, please just reask that second half. Nucor's exposure to automotive today is about 1.5 million tons. So we don't -- that's 5% or 6% of our overall volume. So it's not a huge exposure for us directly. Obviously, we're watching in the automotive sector in the United States and the U.S. economy. We'll potentially the longer it goes, have a more profound impact to the overall industry. But the part that Nucor remains excited and very committed to is to doubling that capacity over the next 3 to 5 years to moving from 1.5 million tons to about 3 million tons of our overall volume and footprint. And over the last several -- we've continued to grow. We've continued to invent ourselves as a preferred supplier. We've now won the GM Supplier of the Year Award for the last 4 straight years. And so we are excited about those things. We are excited about what our teams are doing to create some of the most advanced high-strength steels in the marketplace. And again, despite some of the rhetoric coming from other competitors, Nucor is positioned incredibly well to make the most advanced grades that they are required by the U.S. auto industry. So ultimately, if you're asking in the broader context, the longer this goes, the more impact we're going to see in the overall economy, not having a massive impact to the overall Nucor footprint. But again, I hope this ends quickly and we can move forward and continue to generate. There's a lot of demand out there. Even in spite of the strike, I think the overall expectation is in that 15.2 or 3 million units to be produced for 2023. And hopefully, we can get back on track and continue to supply into that market.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Bill, look, there's a lot going on. The talks today with the global arrangement in the European Union. And again, we've seen over the last really 3 years, us move from a tariff to a tariff rate quota. And again, the important picture really has been pretty consistent over the last several years, probably still a little high in some areas, but that 20%, 21%, 22% of the overall market. Again, I think, a healthier number is in that 15%, 16%, but I don't see a material change because we have it when we watch the USMCA and get -- perhaps did the Corus agreement with Korea, the agreements with Brazil and other nations, we've not seen that open up the floodgates. One of the bright spots that I've commented too many times, the confidence that we have, and I have in secretary Raimondo, Commerce Secretary or USTR and Katherine Tai, her counsel [indiscernible] they are very accomplished leaders, and they know this industry incredibly well and Nucor will remain a tireless advocate to make sure we create a level playing field of the United States. And again, those three leaders really understand this industry well, and you're doing a really nice job of making sure that shifting to a TRQ does not open up the floodgates to see a massive uptick in dumping legally or subsidized steels into the U.S.
Leon Topalian: Hey, Martin, it's Leon. I don't know if we are going to provide you any more color on pricing outlook. Again, I think what we've tried to indicate is again, we see some of that softness as we head into the last quarter of this year. But again, context, particularly in our steel products that has generated incredible returns, coupled with Brad's comments earlier, which was to say there has been a fundamental shift in that overall market where we've seen a -- again, a different reset in the pricing levels that we believe are more sustainable. So again, while we see some softness heading into the last quarter, again, the resiliency of that sector has been remarkable, sending all the way back to the pandemic. So again, we see that as one of our strongest performers as we move into 2024 and that to continue to be the case.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Phil, again, it was an announcement that we are going to work through, and John Hollatz and his teams are going to work through and look at the diligence and all the variables that go into bring that project to fruition. But the drivers of that, I think John touched on really well. That mill has been around since 1905 and as that city has grown up expanding that footprint becomes a significant challenge. So how do we do that? How do we continue to serve our customers? How do we continue to serve those markets and gaining new customers. And again, we see some opportunities out there that are compelling that we think the strategies that the team is engaged on are going to potentially effectuate a great long-term outcome. Again, Seattle has been an incredible producer for Nucor, for our customers, shareholders. And so again, against that backdrop of providing the most capabilities for our customers are really the drivers behind this exploration in our future.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Phil, what I would tell you is that we've generated an awful lot of free cash flow. We've got a lot of cash. We've got the best credit rating in the industry. So all those things said, there's no desperation -- there hasn't been. There wasn't in '21 and '22 and the record years of Nucor. It was an incredibly disciplined approach to think about growth. But make no mistake, we are going to grow. We are going to invest. We're going to continue to maximize our shareholder returns. We are going to continue to be great stewards of the shareholder capital we are entrusted with. We are going to return our 40%. We are going to maintain an incredibly strong credit rating but we're going to invest further in the future. We're going to look at so I would tell you the appetite is continually strong with again, a very disciplined mindset that is cash isn't burning a hole in our pocket. We are not going to chase things. We are going to look for the things that create EVA for our shareholders, period, full stop. Again, under the umbrella of the cultural fit that matches Nucor's longstanding traditions of how we know we can maximize that return is through the team, through the incredible culture that Nucor is been a proud part of for 60 years, that is driving and guiding our decisions and how we think about those companies that we choose to engage and bring on in Nucor. Thanks, Phil.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, Timna, I think like you, we are watching that play out as well. And so we'll see how that shakes out in the coming weeks and months and years. But again, what I cannot speculate on some of that, what I can tell you for sure is our strategy is clear in how we want to think about growing this company and investing for our future. So historically, what we've seen is the industry is consolidated. That's been a healthy thing for the steel industry. It's been a good outcome. And so whether or not certain companies meet DOJ hurdles, I can't even begin to speculate on, but again, like you, we are watching how this plays out, and we'll stay tuned.
Leon Topalian: Yes, I'll share a couple of perspectives. The first thing though I want to do is decouple Gallatin and Brandenburg. Brandenburg's not been in the startup for a while. They are on target. They completed that project on schedule, on time and on budget with one of the highest safety outcomes we've ever seen in the history of Nucor. So I couldn't be more proud of how they've executed that and how the plate group is going to market. So I would tell you that's very different from what we've seen in Gallatin, where, again, I'm not sure all of our -- obviously, you've been doing a number of Nucor facilities. When you look in the visits I've made to Gallatin and what they had to do, the integration of we call it a brownfield, but they essentially were greenfield and everything from automation in the control systems that are required to bring that new equipment online was Herculean, the team's worked incredibly well safely, but there were a lot of startup issues that cost us 6 to 8 months of where we thought we were going to be. Your ultimate question of, are we going to peg the utilization rates to the outcomes? The answer is no. We are going to look at making sure that the tons we bring into the market are balanced. We are not just going to run 1-inch plate at Brandenburg because they can when Hertford or Tuscaloosa can do something already make those tons and serve that customer need. But Rex or Al, any other additional comments you'd like to make.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, I think it's a fair question, and it's going to be both. This is the short answer. Part of the driver for that as we think about the sustainability model and where our customer segment is asking us to go and has been asking us to go, that's going to be an incredible need. And don't forget that that mill is going to sit in the largest sheet consuming range in the United States where Nucor is underserved. We don't have as much market share that we know we are going to be able to go in and provide for our customers. So there's no doubt that both pieces of that strategy are going to come into play in the coming years as we ramp that up. And so no, we are not building 3 million tons of capacity that we think we're going to run in 2.1. We have full expectations that we are going to build it to 3, and it's going to run at 3.
Leon Topalian: In closing, I'd like to thank our Nucor team members for the way you've executed our growth strategy and continue to raise the bar on our safety. Let's carry this performance through and finish the rest of this year and make this the fifth straight year of record performance. I'd like to also thank our customers for the trust you place in us with each and every order. And finally, thank you to our shareholders and the trust you place in us to be great stewards of the capital. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor, and have a great day.
Steve Laxton: And Tristan, the other thing I might add to what Leon said was, you started the question with capital allocation. And just as a reminder, Nucor has been and Leon used the word balance. Balance is really the key summary there. We have a disciplined and consistent approach with returning capital back to shareholders, which we enforced for a number of years, reinvesting in our business. And your question was about how do we look at organic versus inorganic, and as Leon walked through some examples, you can see that we take advantage of opportunity where we can create value. So we don't expressly have an inorganic more M&A strategy. We have a strategy and M&A is a tool by which we use to implement that strategy.
Steve Laxton: Add one other element to that. You'll recall you followed us for a long time, but Nucor took some actions several years ago to restructure a few different businesses in that downstream steel products group. And while that's not something we really love doing. The teams did a wonderful job to bring efficiencies within our own systems there to use it. But the predominant reason is exactly what Leon outlined.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Hey, Bill. Thanks for the question. So I think it's a good indicator. First of all, we will give guidance on the year after we get approval from our Board on capital spending, which we do at the end of every year. So stay tuned on our next call, we'll give a more precise update. But directionally, you should assume that our capital spending will be heavier than historic averages. When you look at the pipeline, some of the bigger projects coming through right now, you can see that we're going to be spending more over the next year or two. And then just as a framework item for you to help you in some of your modeling, our maintenance CapEx, what we consider maintenance, which we would include spares and safety-related CapEx as well, and that is probably somewhere around $600 million a year. We have given a little bit of the Investor Relations team put out the slide deck sometime think around the first or second quarter that showed some of the larger product projects, how much is getting spent this year versus next year. So you can use that as a good framework for estimating your next year fee.
Steve Laxton: Yes. That's correct, Martin. That's a good point. The slab purchases at CSI, we record in consumables, not in the raw materials. So that does have an impact. And so that's part of the change that you're seeing that's not reflected in the raw material scrap numbers.
Steve Laxton: Yes. I think, Martin, if you're modeling out for the fourth quarter, you might see more close to flat cost quarter-over-quarter rather than an uptick, continued uptick. That's just because of where you see some of the trends -- for example, if you look at things like sheet, it likely has bottomed out at this point. So that has an impact on the system and how costs flow through our system. So you may see -- you may not see the same rate of increase on a per ton basis going into the fourth quarter and so in the third quarter.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Martin, I think from where we sit today with what Brad highlighted, some comments about downstream products, order book and backlog and where we sit. I think those -- the trend being closer to those historic averages rather than some of the volatility you saw over the last year or two is probably an accurate statement.
Steve Laxton: Yes. I think the guidance on the tax rate is that will move around a little bit with how you believe the year is going to end up. So you pay your taxes quarterly, but it's based on annual estimate. So I'll let you use your own modeling to estimate what you think the fourth quarter is.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Hey, Phil. Thanks for the question. And on the fourth quarter outlook, that's really more about the total EBITDA outlook. But I think if you're looking at the change that happened in the third quarter, that's a very good indication for the direction that we are seeing headed into the fourth quarter if you want some framework. So again, I'll let you decide how you want to more fit into your own estimates.
