Leon Topalian: Okay. I'll just start with the back half of your question regarding the DRI and while we don't specifically call out the individual divisions, profitability. What I would tell you is the results that I shared with you in my opening remarks regarding Louisiana's performance and reliability, their uptime. Again, their incredible safety records and the things that they've continue to be able to improve and their reliability is going to yield stronger financial performance. What I'd like to do now is maybe invite Craig Feldman. Craig to share just a little bit of backdrop around scrap. What we're seeing some of the metallic spread as well as how we think about prime scrap as we move forward. So Craig, why don't you jump in, and then I'll maybe close at the end.
Leon Topalian: Sure. I'll start off. And MaryEmily, if you got some comments regarding kind of how we look forward in terms of the contract versus spot market. But look, at the end of the day to now I'll begin kind of little broader. And so as we think about the supply demand picture, the demand side, really again, all product groups are incredibly strong. We're at or near historic levels of backlogs in almost every product group that we have, including our downstream groups as well, order activity and entry rates remain very robust and continue to be strong. And I think a further strengthening sign of that or supportive that, as we talk to our customers, they're experiencing very saying similar things with their customers in credibly strong backlogs, order entry rates, again at the customer level. So as we look forward and I think, Jim framed as well as in his opening remarks, as we look at our sheet groups , but really all product groups that in particular, if we look at Q1, we see a significant improvement as we move forward. MaryEmily, do you want to share just a little bit about how we're looking at 2021. And now that we've completed the contract here.
Leon Topalian: Timna, real quick, first off, I think it's important to remember, these contracts are not fixed price contracts. There are things that slowly been. And so, again, that exact write-down as you described on the back of the envelope we're not bring that on this call. But at the end of the day there's a lag effect on the way up and as well on the way down. And so, our expectation, as we move forward, yes, there is obviously, more opportunity, because the price increases that we've passed and certainly the movements that you've seen in the indices like CRU, we think are going to move forward and stay strong. In terms of the volume our steel mills are operating at a incredibly high utilization rates at capacity. Until that, we see continuing and again, I think their production levels will stay very high.
Leon Topalian: So, when you say an operating wind down, I mean, were we're incurring operating losses at the joint venture.
Leon Topalian: Yes. It was incurring operating losses that were not very material, but they were generating losses, and it was flowing through the steel mill segment.
Leon Topalian: Yes. We did 28 million in the fourth quarter in both 2019 and 2020, roughly flat, just over 100. We're going to start off with the first quarter preoperative startup being about $42 million. And it's probably going to be on average higher than the last year, it might be in the range of 120. We don't really give a one year outlook. But I would think that that 40 million pace its probably going to be the right range. We're going to have a few areas winding down for both Gallatin and Brandenburg will be ramping up. So we'll get core of the updates as we go. But right now $42 million in Q1. And there's another part of your question I wanted to speak to that. I lost track of it. Does that probably I didn't answer.
Leon Topalian: Yes. And I would just add, Tyler. There are projects of the similar nature. Next year, we are doing some investing in our process gas business, adding process gas plants at Gallatin and Brandenburg. Those are I think in that $40 million, $50 million range each. And then there's another project that is being worked on that and our team has asked us to keep silence because they're still negotiating some things. But it's in the mid 100 million range, 150 million range kind of a project. And we'll talk more about that in future once some things are finalized in terms of negotiations.
Leon Topalian: Yes. That's a great question, Chris. It's -- when we estimate CapEx we keep those line of interest from business units. And I think that sometimes they get a bit conservative and trying to make sure that they give us the maximum how they're going to spend in any year. And so, that was the reason for the shortfall. And there will be carryover what they didn't spend this year into next year. But I would still say that the same thing goes to for their expectations for 2021. So that's probably going to be carryover at the end of 2021 as well. So I still think that overall spending should be in the range of $2 billion for 2021, even with that carryover effect.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. I'd like to conclude by once again, thanking my Nucor team for your focus and commitment to living our culture as we work through a very challenging year. As you look back and reflect on 2020, allow you to know that you've displayed the very best of the Nucor culture by working safely, being innovative, as we adjusted our operations, relying on teamwork and taking care of our customers and serving each and every one of them. Both a pandemic and the protests for racial justice caused us to rethink how we define safety. We started to think more broadly about how safety means to one another, and how inclusive that is as a team. I'm proud of the steps we took in 2020, to commit ourselves to becoming an even more inclusive and diverse company, where every team member feels this strong sense of belonging and ownership. I've said many times during this pandemic, they will not just emerge from this crisis, will emerge from this crisis a stronger company, not just financially, but also culturally. And I believe we have seen the results that are already showing to be true. Thank you for your interest in our company.
Jim Frias: Yes. This is Jim, I'll take a shot at that. I had some things in my opening comments regarding capital spending. And I'm trying to find that to make sure I repeated in exactly the same fashion. When we think about 2021 spending, roughly $900 million, that will be on the plate mill, roughly $250 million of it is going to be on Gallatin. And roughly another $100 billion could be galvanizing line in Arkansas. And we have about $1.9 billion over almost three projects going forward. So you can then extrapolate on that. What's left beyond 2021 and those projects at 1.9 minus to 900 and 250 [Indiscernible]. And that tells you what's going to carry over roughly into 2022. Beyond that, we're always working on possible capital projects across our portfolio. And it's way premature for us talking about what new major capital projects could be at first. But there's always ideas that are being worked on across the company.
Jim Frias: There's no exact number, but we think it's been in the range of $400 million to $500 million. And it's never pure maintenance. As we said in our comments, a significant portion of this year's CapEx dropped to 80% can be categorized as creating some incremental value by reducing costs to broadening our value add product mix.
Jim Frias: Yes. Timna, some details on capacity utilization. We marked our capacity at 2,942,000 tons for the fourth quarter, and we actually produced 2,902,000 tons. So we completed 98.65% utilization rates. Now, the reason the shipments are so different compared to the first quarter, we may have had some extra inventory at the end of 2019, that helps us boost our shipments. We do have more downstream processing now with more galvanizing lines. So the WIP inventory in our system is probably a little higher. When we think about the WIP that's sitting at Galvan that would have just gone straight to have been shipped in the past. So there's other factors that come into play in terms of timing of the shipment versus production. But we would expect to have a strong shipping of the first quarter as well as a strong production month.
Jim Frias: Carlos, this is Jim Frias. I just wanted two ideas. One, on the site on commercial discipline. Leon touched on how the team got together and was very thoughtful about managing working capital and resolve the crisis. We also were very thoughtful about the volatility downward in pricing that we were seeing last summer, and not getting caught up in that and taking too much business out of books at below market pricing. And so that discipline is positioned as well as we go into 2021. Do not have a lot of low priced backlog work through. And so yes, with the extreme movement in steel price and we've seen in the last 90 days, there is some minor compression in downstream business, but it's can be minor. So that's the first point. And then back to your question on working capital. We think volumes of working capital to think about on a tons basis will be similar. Scrap prices will be roughly flat. We think inventory values will be relatively flat. But receivables values will go up, because steel mill pricing on average selling price will be higher in Q1 they weren't Q4. So will you estimate what you think average prices are going up to take that time, the amount of times we ship. And that should be the working capital for one month, because we basically collect receivables in about 30 days. And that's pretty much it. So thank you for the question.
Jim Frias: One of the projects was -- at our NYS plant, we had a roughing mill that had been in service since the infancy of NYS II which makes the bigger sections. And it had really been reaching its end of useful life, we need to replace it. But when we replaced it, we didn't just replace it with. I didn't have stand to put something in that was more robust, could [Indiscernible].
Jim Frias: Yep. So that was about $145 million, Alex at our Arkansas B mill and that was just a modernization of one of the rolling mills and it's not -- it's an example of one of the many capital projects we do that don't always get a lot of press, the new stuff, the new mills, for good reason we get a lot of press, but we continually upgrade and add to the capabilities of these mills on a regular basis. So that gave us improvements in quality, certainly, and safety and flexibility and agility, the ability to move between sections more seamlessly. And so I think it's a great example that our mills, and that mills been around for 30 years, it's not a 30 year old mill by any stretch, it's continually upgraded. It's state-of-the-art, and we maintain those facilities to be competitive in the future. So we're excited about that. And I think it will ensure that we maintain our leadership position and compete effectively for a number of more years.
Jim Frias: Okay. Alex, thanks for the questions. I'll start with the back half your question or the second question around metallics. First, maybe ask Dave Sumoski to address your opening question. As we -- look, the short answer, we look at the domestic supply of pig iron, absolutely. But the caveat is, is at a price competitive points in the marketplace. And so, if those integrators can come back on and produce pig iron at a competitive price, we will absolutely be lining up and purchasing our pig iron domestically. But again, that certainly is a challenge. We'll see what happens. And to your point several of our competitors have talked about restarts and doing just that. And, we'll see how that unfolds as we move forward, But that -- I'm certainly not going to speak to their strategies and executing. But again, it's got to be at a price competitive standpoint and today I'm not sure if they can reach that cost or not. So we know other cover out there, Dave you want to comment on the first part of this question.
Jim Frias: Yes. Let's say a normalized tax rate is going to be in the neighborhood of 24%. And for book purposes. But for cash purposes, obviously, we received significant tax benefits this year. We paid very little tax in the first half of the year. And we're going to be seeking refund in the neighborhood of $140 million, when we -- we don't have a final number. We have to be in that range. When we do our tax return in August as a result of the great work our tax team did this year. And I want to share with you folks. Deb Douglas is our International Tax Manager, and she's the one who figured out the opportunity to take advantage of the worker's stock deduction that allowed us to capture so much value. After we made the decision to exit. And then of course, the overall tax team, including all the managers, John Taylor, Amy Cathell, and the others just did a great job of doing all the year-end work that's necessary for us to come up with those figures. But we're going to have cash benefits beyond this year, because of the accelerated depreciation are big projects. And we think that over a three-year period its $535 million. If you give me a minute to look, I think next year's cash benefit, its going to be in the neighborhood of 240. And the year after that when we finalize Gallatin, because that's going to be the or excuse me, Brandenburg. That's going to be the biggest impactor. It's to be north of $330 million cash benefit. But our book rate should be in a normalized range of that 24%, which includes the federal and state rate, assuming there's no tax increase during that time period.
