John J. Ferriola: Okay. It's a good question. I don't remember using those words in the article, but I'm sure I did. So let me start by making a few comments. Yes, we are focused on commercial excellence. That's an area of improvement that we believe will -- is important to Nucor. I also want to make sure I stressed the fact that we've got a great commercial team, they're doing a great job already. But at Nucor, continuous improvement is our middle name, so we're focused on getting even better in commercial excellence. And I'll talk some of the areas that we will focus on. But I also have to make sure that I stress the fact that we are operationally excellent, and there will be no focus taken off of remaining excellent in our operations. So looking to expand our commercial excellence going forward, this isn't really any change of direction for the company. It's more of an expansion of expectations for all of our teammates. Commercial excellence isn't something that's just done by our commercial team. It's something that's the responsibility of every member of the Nucor family. And as we focus on commercial excellence, we talk about 5 areas of focus. We call them the 5 pillars of commercial excellence. And just going through them briefly, it's being more market driven, it means being more aware, more -- better at anticipating the needs of our customers and finding ways to create value for them. It's being easier to do business with. It's building strong, durable loyal relationships that bring value to our customers and to us. And it's about creating sustainable results, making decisions that are long-term decisions to bring extra value to us and to our customers. And finally, it's about doing it together, leveraging the overwhelming competitive advantage, our 22,000 teammates working together bring to our customers and are, of course, expecting to get paid for that value.
John J. Ferriola: Well, there was couple of reasons, Michelle. One, that I'll start with is that we had taken fairly large shutdowns in the first half of this year in preparation for many of the projects that we mentioned just a while ago. Our Darlington facility was offline for, I think, 3 weeks in preparing for the projects that we're doing there. NYS was offline for 17 days, preparing for the piling project work that we're doing there. We had a Memphis outage preparing for the second vacuum tank gasser. So we had a lot of things going on. And in addition to that, we typically take an awful lot of our maintenance shutdowns in the second quarter. A lot of our facilities are located in areas where you have extreme heat in summer and extremely cold weather in the winter. So we try to moderate shutdown temperatures by working in the second quarter. So we had a lot of maintenance shutdowns also in the second quarter. I guess, one final point that I would mention is when I look back at the -- at 2012, if memory serves me -- correct me, the first half of 2012, we were very strong on Flat-Rolled Products. Our sheet business was very strong in the first half of 2012, and it's down in the first half of 2013. And part of that, obviously, is driven by the topic that I had early in the opening comments, and that being imports. We've -- we at the whole industry, operating capacity utilization is down as a result of the tremendous number of imports that have been flooding into the United States in the first half of this year.
John J. Ferriola: Well, cautious optimism is the only thing that keeps us going in this market. We'll say it again. There are certain things that we see that give us some slight indication that things might be getting a little bit better. We always look at residential construction as a leading indicator, a 9- to 12-month leading indicator of nonresidential construction. And we have noticed an improvement in residential construction. If past performance holds true, that might lead to an improvement in nonresidential construction in 9 or 12 months. We also take a look at our downstream businesses, and they tend to be leading indicators for nonresidential construction. We look at our backlogs, our order entry rates, and although they haven't been spiking to the level that we'd like to see them, we do see an improvement in those areas.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I'll just make a couple of general comments. We see industrial nonconstruction being challenged. It's -- frankly, it's down a little bit. On the other hand, we see some of the commercial on residential construction picking up.
John J. Ferriola: I think in Jim's notes, he mentioned that we expect to see our downstream businesses perform a little bit better in the third quarter.
John J. Ferriola: Let me start by making a comment on the maintenance CapEx. We did not say that we will lower our maintenance CapEx. We will keep the maintenance CapEx at the levels that we've always had at that. We will not in, anyway, sacrifice the condition of our equipment going forward. So we will continue to invest in the maintenance that we need to keep our mills in top-notch condition to produce high-quality product to be able to deliver it to our customers on time, so that's number one. Secondly, I did comment in my statement that we will continue to plan for the future while we execute today. And what I meant by that was that we will continue to be opportunistic in our M&A activities. If we see a great opportunity coming down the pipe, we're going to jump at it. A great example of that would be Skyline just last year. And we weren't anticipating that coming along. We didn't really plan for it, to be honest with you. But when the opportunity presented itself, we went after it, and successfully. And it's been a great addition to the Nucor family. We're really happy and proud to have them as part of the Nucor family. So we'll continue to look at opportunities. We'll continue to be opportunistic as we approach them. The point that I do want to stress though is we are focusing on execution. We've invested $8 billion growing our company. That's a lot of money. Our shareholders rightfully so have the expectation that we will convert that investment on their part into higher highs during the inevitable up cycle that we know is coming. So we are going to continue to look at M&A. There's really no difference in our strategy except perhaps we'll be a little bit more opportunistic as we look at those things that come across and become available. But we are going to focus our attention heavily on executing on the investments that we've already made.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we've given some detail on the volume, so we are not going to be giving anything out on the margin improvements. That's information that I'm sure some of our competitors who are probably listening to this call would love to hear. We're not going to accommodate them. But we've talked about the SBQ, value-added volumes, in -- we talked roughly in terms of 1 million tons of additional -- and we want to stress this. It's very important to stress, this isn't just additional capacity in the SBQ business. There's a plenty of capacity out there, and there's plenty more capacity coming online. Our focus is twofold, focusing on adding to our value-added portfolio and on improving the effectiveness and efficiencies of our existing bar mills by shifting by product shift, by mixing, by changing on mix at those facilities.
John J. Ferriola: When I talk about maintenance CapEx, I'm speaking of, specifically, of maintenance work. In terms of future growth of the company, we will continue to look very seriously at a second DRI facility at the appropriate time. Right now, our focus is on getting #1 up and running in Louisiana. I have to clarify that, because we refer to it is our #2 DRI facility, counting the one in Trinidad. But all of our focus today is on getting through the cold commissioning, the hot commissioning and the startup of a new facility in Louisiana. When we get that up and running, we will take a look at a second DRI facility.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we will met with a few senators. We were given the opportunity to spend some time with Senator Sessions. And we also spent time with Ambassador Froman and Undersecretary Sanchez. And also, later in the afternoon, we had the opportunity to meet with Senator Brown. And I'm not going to go into specific details of the conversation. We presented our case very clearly. And I will make the following comment. We got a great reception by all of the parties involved. And I'll make the -- I'll take this opportunity to publicly thank them for their time and for listening to our arguments. Certainly, none could make any firm commitments, but I will tell you that having made several trips to Washington now, my sense is that we are getting -- the message is being better understood and better received each time we go and we speak to the appropriate people. The message is getting across about the impact that imports are having on our industry. And we stress each time we go that we are not asking for protection, we're not asking for subsidies, we're not asking for the government to invest in our companies. We're asking nothing more than a level playing field on which our teams can compete, because we absolutely believe that given a level playing field, our team here at Nucor will compete successfully against anyone, anywhere in the world. So that's a little bit of the color of what we talked about that day. I hope -- and we will continue to work hard to make sure that we continue to gain ground in this arena. It's extremely important to us. The current trade laws simply are not getting the job done. They are reactive. They are not proactive, and we need a more proactive approach to trade laws. The concept of waiting until serious injury occurs to the industry just simply doesn't make sense, and we need to become more productive. We certainly have the data to do it. We have information that we gather on the import licensing. So we know when the tsunami is heading our way. We know where it's coming from. We know when it's going to hit. And it's ridiculous that we don't use that information to take a more proactive approach to dealing with the tsunami that we know is coming. It's important to our industry, and it's important to our teammates here at Nucor. And frankly, it's important to the American worker.
John J. Ferriola: Well, this is why I would say all of the above, okay? We are looking carefully at every product that's being imported. We believe that there are many that fall into the same category that are being brought in illegally. They're bringing dumped. They're coming -- they're being subsidized. And we're gathering data now, and we'll take action in a very -- in a variety of products that we focus on.
John J. Ferriola: We certainly expect to see some hiccups as we get started. But we are very confident in our ability to deal with those hiccups. This isn't our first rodeo when it comes to startups. And we started up very complex facilities in the past. We've experienced the hiccups that come along with it. And at every case, we've overcome them and with that a successful operation. Facility in Louisiana will be no different.
John J. Ferriola: Well, what we've said in the past is that we expect to be at full production by the end of the year, and we still feel confident that, that can be achieved.
John J. Ferriola: But I do want to stress, Jim, that as we look out forward, and again, without giving the details of the volumes involved, and we've said in the past, that we will reach a point where we will have enough gas to supply, not only all of our steel mill operations but also 2 DRI facilities. Alternatively, we would have enough gas to supply 3 DRI facilities.
John J. Ferriola: Certainly. We continue to grow in automotive, not only in our flat-rolled business. During the -- during my comments, I spoke of the ultra-high strength steels that we are now supplying, going primarily into the automotive market. But we've also had a tremendous amount of success with our SBQ product in automotive. And again, you'll hear us talk often about the benefits of one Nucor and our ability to offer our customers a breadth of products under one umbrella. And automotive is a great example of that. We've piggybacked both sheet and SBQ off each other many times to gain entry into a new customer and allowed us to grow quicker than we anticipated in automotive. We have -- obviously, automotive is growing strongly in the Southeast. We have a strong presence in the Southeast. Automotive is growing rapidly in Mexico. We have a strong presence through our steel tech operations in Mexico to be able to serve that market. So we feel really good about where we are in automotive. And we're happy about that, because right now, automotive is one of the few bright spots in the marketplace.
John J. Ferriola: I have to say you're very astute. It's something I do not want to discuss. And I'm not planning on discussing. We -- it's a process that's ongoing, and it's just not appropriate for me to comment at this time.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we have -- we've had 3 long-term suppliers. We've added one recently, also an international supplier. We haven't really done much with domestic suppliers at all. We've got 3 very good suppliers that's been with us for a long time. We have a great deal of confidence that the fourth supplier will also be a high-quality supplier. We've done some testing in our facility in Trinidad, so we have no need to look further at this point.
John J. Ferriola: It's a great question. I can tell you that we have every single one of them, and we're in discussions with every single one of them. We're even in some discussions with new suppliers or new production facilities that currently have plans to provide their own substrate. We're in discussions with them, working actively to convince them that advantageous to do business with us and avoid the capital expenditure of building their own smelting facilities.
John J. Ferriola: It's really a question going back to our earlier question. It's a question of flexibility. What this is giving us is the ability to make those decisions and optimize the feedstock that goes into our furnaces. We'll take a look at the current pricing situation among all the iron units that are out there and available, fine scrap, HBI iron, pig iron, DRI and make the best decision to optimize the mix to reduce our cost going into the furnace. So we don't have a definitive plan on replacing pig iron or how much DRI will use in place of pig iron or prime scrap. We'll take a look, frankly, on a very regular basis, at what the best, lowest cost mix of iron units is available, and that's what we'll use.
John J. Ferriola: Okay. I'd like to make some -- Dana, I'd like to make some closing comments. So I'll go ahead and do it. I guess, we're still online.
John J. Ferriola: Okay, thank you, Dana. At Nucor, we recognize the challenges of a weak economy and the tsunami of imports resulting from ineffective trade policies. And we will continue to fight to eliminate those challenges. But I want to stress that in the meantime, we will continue to do what Nucor does best. We will focus on the issues that are within our control. We will continue to grow profitably. We will continue to execute better than anyone else in the industry. And we will ensure that Nucor's best years are still ahead of us. Thank you, all, for joining our call today. Let's keep it going by working together. Thank you.
James D. Frias: This is Jim Frias. First of all, it's a pre-operating start-up cost. The total was roughly $6 million in the second quarter, and most of that was related to DRI. And the final weeks and months of starting up a facility has the most difficult amount of startup cost to predict. I think they could roughly double. And they might be a little higher and a little lower, but that's the range we they can roughly double. And in terms of reaching a breakeven at startup, it probably depends on how quickly it ramps -- it totally depends on how quickly it ramps up. The first DRI facility that we started up in Trinidad was profitable, I think, in the second or third month of operations. So it ought to be pretty quickly reaching a breakeven profit point in our view, if the start doesn't have glitches. But as John noted in his comments, a lot can happen in a startup. You can find it -- an equipment problem that you didn't know existed until you start running the equipment.
James D. Frias: We did not get that specific in our guidance, in our thinking. We think that the operational side -- my guess, is if I had to guess, the pre-operating cost won't completely offset the improvement.
James D. Frias: We've been using DRI at a number of our steel mills for several years now. So there's really no effect in the steel operations to speak of. It's really going to be all about how quickly we can make the DRI and get it transported and delivered to our facilities.
James D. Frias: Well, that's a great question, and we haven't really disclosed that at this point. And I would just say that it really depends on a number of factors. One, if we continue having the success in volumes coming from each well we drill is one factor. So as we noted in our comments, we've been performing better than we modeled, when we first made the investment. Another factor is the timing of when we build our next DRI facility. And we haven't made a commitment to when we're going to do that yet. So I would just say that we could be balanced within probably 3 to 4 years is the range to think of, and that would cover steelmaking and DRI.
James D. Frias: The CapEx at the steel mills could be or -- excuse me, the operations could be below the CapEx, or below depreciation. That could be the case, yes. But keep in mind that depreciation tends to be a bit front-weighted in the steel industry, so we've been making a lot of investments recently. So our depreciation number is ramped up pretty high.
James D. Frias: We don't talk about our intentions relative to capital structure. That's publicly traded instruments as well.
James D. Frias: Brian, we've never said a number, so I'm not sure where $4 came from. You may have backed into it, triangulated from things that we've shared. We perhaps said a number, but I think the important thing to think about is the fact that we do have some flexibility of the contract. And, John, do you want to speak to that, or would you prefer I...
James D. Frias: Just that we do have also flexibility to drill more wells that we're not committed to if, in fact, gas prices are higher, so we get an upside benefit too. On the downside, we can stop drilling if prices fall low on the upside. We can drill more at our option in certain areas.
