John Ferriola: Let me start by addressing the first question. Clearly, as we mentioned in the script, we've seen demand staying strong in our downstream businesses in the downstream markets that includes our long products. So we see a lot of good year for that. I'm not going to comment on what's happening with any of our competitors. I'll just refer to the demand and say the demand looks good going forward. We continue to work with some projects that will actually help us in 2019 lower our cost structure and some of the capital products that we're bringing online. We're excited about that. So with demand strong and us bringing on some capacity what we think will be very competitive in the marketplace. We think it's going to be a strong year for our long products and it looks really good going into the year also, I don't see anything changing there slipping just a little bit as we start the year with the end demand remain strong. So I think it's going to be a good year for that also. Now to address your question on HSS, now that has been just an outstanding business for us both the HSS and the conduit business. Certainly, we'll see pricing dip a little bit with [HR] [ph] high demand dipping a little bit but the margin should stay pretty constant. And so we think demand is certainly good. And as you might have heard, we just announced a price increase of $40 on HR and on our flat-rolled products and also on the HSS. So, we see our market picking up in terms of pricing.
John Ferriola: Well, I can't comment it's really too early to comment on what's happening there. I know our lead times on high demand today are about three to four weeks and cold-rolled and galv was about five to six weeks someone in that neighborhood. But it's too early to see any change in that based up on the price increases was just on yesterday.
John Ferriola: Well, it's certainly going into -- we think it's hit the bottom we think that it's going to strengthen going forward. You mentioned several other reasons why I would also add to that known seasonal issue as we go into the winter months. Right now the flows are still very strong there's no issue with flows, but it was -- we are about to hit a terrible cold snap in the Midwest that could impact that. So I would say certainly no more down movement. We don't think. We think it's going to be pretty stable to moving up slowly.
John Ferriola: Most of the electrode increases that we saw last year were based into last year's numbers and frankly we see that's starting to soften a bit. So we expect them to be no higher and probably a little bit softer as we go into 2019. Alloys, we think will be flat going forward. So in terms of raw material cost, what I've known out there is still the iron ore with the situation that just occurred in Brazil. We don't know what impact that will have on us. It's too early to tell.
John Ferriola: Well, I think there's always a shakeout if there's a stocking in demand. Let me address the first question. When you look at what's come online today particularly in the sheet markets exclusively in the sheet market, you are looking at about 2.5 million tons of new capacity coming online. Imports are down about 1 million tons. So you have a net of about 1.5 million tons in a market that's 60 million tons overall, the whole sheet market. So it's not that great of a change. At the end of the day, the most cost competitive most efficient, best operating company will be the one that does the best, [think of others] [ph] if what happens with capacity coming online. And we think we do pretty well in all of those areas. So there will be some shakeout probably. Are we seeing a major impact today? Some. I don't believe that the current pricing situation that you see today as a result of that additional capacity. I believe that some of it is a result of the service that have filled up that took place at the end of last year. And there's going to be a period of time when they're looking to unload some of those tons. When you look at the months on hand for sheet products you can kind of see where we -- what happened over the months between October and December. So there's some of that going forward. But the key thing here is demand continues to be strong and we think that demand will continue to grow. Our best estimate today on sheet is probably about 1.5% to 2% growth over the course of this year. So between the demand growth as we work our way out of this inventory situation that's short lived. I think you're going to see things return to a more normalized state. We announced the price increase the other day and we would not do it if we weren't confident that we'd be able to collect on it.
John Ferriola: No. There wasn't anything extraordinary in the way of maintenance. As far as the end of the year when we had some available time we took the opportunity some extra maintenance but there was nothing extraordinary that we can report to you.
John Ferriola: Well, what I said was that we saw out of the 24 markets that we followed 23 of them are steady or increasing the one that we see declining slightly as we go into 2019 is power generation.
John Ferriola: Thank you, David. Well, let me sign-off by saying thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your ongoing confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We appreciate the opportunity to earn your business every day. We believe that together we can build powerful partnerships and powerful results. And finally to my Nucor teammates, thank you for a great year and your ongoing commitment to take care of our customers. And as always most importantly thank you for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
Jim Frias: Yes. I will address the first part of the question on demand for our downstream year-over-year. And I would say overall the demand for our downstream business is as strong as we enter 2019. Most of our downstream businesses have improved backlogs year-over-year. I might mention that last year we were in a margin squeeze as steel prices went up and we're proud of the teams they were able to navigate that. And we're looking forward to 2019 as we expect some expansion in margins with steel prices having come down slightly. In regards to your second part of the question which was rebar fab. That is one of the still challenging markets that we have. That's no secret. That market has been challenged especially in the U.S. for the last 12 to 18 months. Demand is solid. Imports have declined and rebar steel costs have risen. However, the marketplace fabrication pricing has not yet fully reacted to that. We are encouraged, however, recently by the pricing dynamics that we're starting to see. We do have a backlog, however, we have to work through, but we do expect improved performance as we enter the second half of the year in rebar fabrication.
Jim Frias: I think we'll see in the second half of the year, yes, more improved margin especially in the U.S. Our Canadian fabrication business which is a significant part of our business is very strong, very strong backlogs with better margins. But in the U.S. we'll work through those over the next six to eight months. But with current pricing dynamics that we see currently we are encouraged for the second half of the year.
Jim Frias: Yes, it is. But I think the bigger factor was just that we recognize we're going to proceed with such strong good liquidity and so we felt like it was the appropriate thing to do.
Jim Frias: Phil, I would just say that we weren't expecting the trade to go up the way it did. And we think it's something needs to come back down early in 2019. So we'll work on that. But that's the reason we didn't hit the cash numbers we were expecting.
Jim Frias: There were a number of factors that was one of the factors. There's also quite a lot of lead time or some of the things that we used to make steel and that plays a factor to the forecast of what we're going to be operating at had to be made months and months in advance of our actually receiving the materials.
