Michelle Applebaum: First, I want to congratulate you on your promotion. It was very well deserved and also say, I guess I don't want to say goodbye to Dan, but I guess, new mode of -- or congratulations, I guess, to Dan on his new job. Maybe that's the way to do it as well, on his promotion.
Michelle Applebaum: Okay. Listen, I just want to tell you guys both and your whole team, and I know this with certainty, Ken would have been very, very proud, and I am.
Michelle Applebaum: I have a follow-up question. So I wanted to ask, you guys started talking about a new style of enforcement, a trade kind of thing, and I'm sure you've noticed that a number of our trading partners, particularly in Latin America, in Asia and Europe, have all been kind of putting up, making a lot of noise about some trade enforcement in their regions. And I was just wondering if you could give us an update on what's happening with that, in terms of new and creative out-of-the-box types of things.
John J. Ferriola: I'd be happy to do that, Michelle. Well, let me start with what will be a little different. As I mentioned in the script, we've invested, by the end of 2013, we will have invested $8 billion in our strategic plan. So over the next several years, our focus will be on executing that plan, converting those investments to higher highs during the next upcycle. That will be our focus. Let me talk a little bit about some of the things that'll be the same. First of all, most importantly, our absolute commitment to safety will remain unchanged. Our belief that there is nothing more important than safety will remain the same and our relentless drive to achieve Beyond Zero will not change. We believe strongly that maximizing safety maximizes our teams' communication and productivity. Shareholders benefit from our safety focus in many ways. We'll stay committed to our mission statement to take care of our customers, all of our customers, the way we have defined them in the past. We'll remain committed to a strong balance sheet. We're in a highly cyclical business and remaining committed to a strong balance sheet in a cyclical business allows us to weather those economic cycles without having to divest the valuable people or assets. And as we've shown during this recent downcycle, that discipline has allowed us to take advantage of some strategic assets at attractive pricing. We remain committed to growing our business through the long-term perspective that we've always had. Our goal being long-term, sustainable, profitable growth. We remain committed to capital, to the previous capital deployments priorities that we had, investing in long-term profitable growth, return capital to our investors with a strong base dividend, provide a supplemental dividend when economic conditions allow and opportunistically buy back stock only when other capital deployment commitments are fully satisfied and we believe that the stock is an excellent value. So that's a little bit about what will be different and what will be the same.
John J. Ferriola: Michelle, let me add one more point. I should've mentioned this. Of course we remain, as a team, committed to our strategic growth plan, the 5-pronged growth strategy that we've had over the last 10 years.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as you know, Luke, we do not talk about individual mills or even with our product groups' individual production levels. But if you look at the investments that we've made, they have not only been in steel, but they've been over the full value chain of our business, and that's how we'll continue to focus and that's how you need to think about the investments and the returns that we'll get during the next upcycle. We made substantial investments in our steel side for sure, and not only on the volume side, but certainly growing value-added products. So it's more than just looking at how many tons we will ship during the next upcycle. It's the mix of the tons that we will ship during the next upcycle. In addition to that, we continue to grow upstream and downstream. The recent acquisition of the Skyline asset, a tremendous opportunity, a tremendous addition to the Nucor family. As the economy and our markets recovery -- recover, they will be a large contributor to our business.
John J. Ferriola: One of the things we might want to point out, we talked during the script about the importance of us growing in the automotive market, growing the right way in the automotive market, and this is an investment that will allow us to continue growing in that market segment. As we mentioned in the script, the automotive market continues to be one of the markets that has remained strong during this downturn. If you look at 2012 auto sales, I believe they came in at about 14.5 million tons, which was about 12% or 13% higher than last year, last year being previous year, in 2011. But we expect them to increase again in 2013, we expect automotive sales to top out at about 15 million tons. So the automotive market is a strong market, and has remained strong during this downturn. The wide and light project at Berkeley will allow us to further penetrate that market. Again, it's an issue of not significantly more tons, but value-added, higher-value tons into a value-appreciative market.
John J. Ferriola: I would just build upon that a little bit. We talked often and did again today in the script about Nucor's long-term focus on profitability and being a low-cost producer, and this is one of those projects that's obviously a long-term project, a lot of capital is being invested. But again, it's going to pay back over the long term. This is important for us. One of our strategic goals has been to be a low-cost producer of steel and have 6 million to 7 million tons of high-valued, low-residual scrap or scrap substitute products under our control. And the DRI project is critical to achieving that strategic objective. Having the natural gas project ensures the long-term viability of the DRI project, so they go hand-in-hand and both are focused on providing Nucor with a long-term return on a good investment.
John J. Ferriola: Well, it plays a role in it, but SBQ goes into many, many other markets: Automotive, big play in automotive; agricultural, a lot of our SB products go into the agricultural market and that has been strong; heavy trucks; heavy equipment. So that's one market, but it's only one of many markets that SBQ goes into. So I would not see a slowdown in drilling having a major impact on SBQ. Obviously, what happens in those other markets I mentioned will impact our SBQ markets.
John J. Ferriola: Well, many things come into our pricing decisions, lead time being one of them. Obviously, there's other things that we see that will impact that also. In terms of sheet, our lead times are probably in the neighborhood of somewhere between 2 and 4 weeks, depending upon the product. When you go out into coil rolls [ph] and dowels [ph] you're probably around a 4- to 6-week lead time period. On the Long Product side, it's harder to get lead times. Obviously, we sell a lot of that off of the floor. So we don't look at lead times as such, so I really can't give you an answer on that one. Plate side, our lead times are probably in that same neighborhood. It takes about 4 to 6 weeks depending upon the product. Now, clearly, at our Hertford County mill with our heat treat side, it's been doing extremely well, the lead times are significantly longer on that. We expect the same for our normalizing line as it comes into production during the course of this year. So that gives you some indications of the lead times.
John J. Ferriola: It's ebbed and flowed, frankly. Over the last couple of months, it's picked up. The lead times have shortened. They've extended out. So -- but overall, we see it pretty stable. I would describe demand in the sheet market as stable. But having said that, it's been stable, but the capacity still far exceeds the supply -- the capacity far exceeds the demand that's out there in the market. So we see 2013 to be another challenging year in sheet.
John J. Ferriola: I think we will continue to look at every opportunity as it becomes available. We'll assess it and we'll make the right decision.
John J. Ferriola: Well, certainly, having Skyline as part of the Nucor family has allowed us to move product through the new family member and that's helped. I don't know if we want to comment specifically on how much more opportunity we have going through that. We like to think of our opportunities as limitless, so we encourage our new friends and new family members to continue growing their business at Skyline. And we can make a lot of product at NYS that we can ship [indiscernible] to the market.
John J. Ferriola: I'll just make a general statement about it. We're not going to give out any specific numbers on our backlogs. We've mentioned several times that we've seen a modest improvement and we'll leave it at that. Certainly, as that market improves, we will move more of our products through those businesses, our bar products, our structural products, all of our products. So we're anxiously awaiting to grow from modest to better.
John J. Ferriola: What keeps me up at night in our DRI endeavor? Well, over the last year it's been weather, okay? It's a case of too much rain or too little rain. We talked about that during the script. This is a proven technology, so I really don't have a concern about the technology itself. We've got a great team down there. We have been operating our plant in Trinidad for several years now and we've gone from starting that plant up to taking it to a world-class facility in a very short period of time. So we're experienced at DRI production. We understand the process. So frankly, there's many things that keep me up at night, but our DRI plant, the startup of our DRI plant, is not one of them.
John J. Ferriola: And you've seen some of the volatility that existed in those markets over the last year and I just want to repeat what we said several times to you, and that is that when we view the DRI investment, the purpose is to produce a low-cost, sustainable and long-term supply of a high-quality iron unit over the cycle, and that's a key statement, 'over the cycle.' When you look at just iron ore, over the last 6 months, it's gone from a low of about, what, $97, $98. And it peaked out somewhere recently at about $155 a ton. So when you have those kinds of swings, that impacts all of our raw materials. Clearly, there's a correlation between iron ore pricing and pig iron pricing and even the scrap prices. So this provides for us a long-term supply over the cycle of low-cost, high-quality scrap substitute products for our mills.
John J. Ferriola: I would answer by saying all of the above, okay? The economy is still struggling. We talked about the things that are influencing our business. You mentioned the fiscal cliff. Certainly, consumer confidence remains at a very low level. There's a lot of issues that are still out there in the economy. And you also have the issue that we mentioned of imports. There's a continuing surge of unfairly traded imports that needs to be dealt with. So all of those are factors that we have rolled into our forecast and said, based on all that, we think that the business will be stable and our operations will be consistent into the first quarter. I don't want to get into any breakdown product by product.
John J. Ferriola: Well, first things first, David. We want to start up the existing one and get it running. And then once we have it up and running, as we said, we'll start up in the middle of the year, we should be up to full production sometime by the end of the year. Once we accomplish that, we'll take a look at where things stand, how well that's performing, what we've learned and we'll take a look at the market at that time, the economy at that time. Based on what we see, we'll make a decision on how we move forward.
John J. Ferriola: Again, I'm not going to give a specific timeframe because we have to take a look at what the environment looks like as we make that decision at the end of next year. But we built the facility in Louisiana with the infrastructure to support a second DRI unit. So that should give you some indication of our thinking.
John J. Ferriola: Well, infrastructure might be slower in coming back, simply because of government spending. That said, when you look at the condition of our infrastructure, it's in very poor shape. So sooner or later, the government's going to have to make a decision to repair the damaged infrastructure of our country. So sooner or later, we will see a build, a return in infrastructure. When that's going to occur, I really can't say. On the nonresidential construction side, as we said, it's growing slowly. Our best guess would probably be maybe 2 more years of slow growth before we saw any significant improvement.
John J. Ferriola: And as we've said several times today, our focus at Nucor is always the long term. So whether it returns this year or next year, we continue to prepare for it, invest in our company and in our facilities so that we're ready for it when it does come. Inevitably it's going to return. Inevitably, the economy will improve. Inevitably, our markets will improve. Inevitably, nonresidential construction will improve and infrastructure builds will improve. It's just a question of time.
John J. Ferriola: Remember that iron units move global, so you've got to look at the global steel market and certainly, right now, that isn't the greatest either. When you look at the long-term drivers and the dynamics of the global market, we continue to believe it's going to improve and be strong. And we always refer to it as the super cycles of steel and steel commodities. You've got still a lot of developing countries out there that are moving into the middle-class with fairly low steel intensities today that will improve. Over the course of the long-term cycle, globally, steel demand will still be strong. That will necessitate a strong demand for the commodities, the raw materials that go into it. So we look at it, again, in terms of a long-term cycle for steel demand and for the demand commodities. We don't look at it regionally in North America.
John J. Ferriola: A great example of that would be to take a look at how much scrap has been exported out of the country this year alone and it's going to be something that -- 2012, I think, will come in at about 23 million tons of scrap exported out of the United States, and that's going to continue. And I would add to that, especially given some of the countries today and the rules that they are imposing upon the exportation of their raw materials, particularly scrap. There's been a number of countries that have recently imposed tariffs or have outright banned the exportation of scrap. So as you have those dynamics come into play, there's going to be long-term continued demand for iron units of all types. We believe that and that's why we continue to invest in them.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I guess the positive surprise in shipments would come if we had a very, very surprising improvement in the economy...
John J. Ferriola: Well, we've talked about the ones that remained strong and of course, that means that there are some that are weak. So if automotive, energy, infrastructure -- excuse me, agricultural would suddenly slowdown, that could have a negative impact upon our business or if some of the ones that we mentioned are slowly but modestly improving take off wildly, it could have a positive impact on our business. So it really depends upon what happens in the economy. We aren't expecting any surprises. And hopefully, if we get any, they'll be the positive type.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I don't know that we want to give specifics on that. We might talk about some of the areas that we've grown in. We've mentioned during the call that automotive has been a focus for us and we've grown in that. I'm not going to give out any specific tonnages. But I will say that, as I mentioned, we grew 20% in that market. The markets that you mentioned are all strong markets for us, obviously, pipe and tube, gas industry's strong, all the ones that you mentioned. I don't think we want to get into giving specific market shares or a breakdown of what percentage of our products go into the individual markets.
John J. Ferriola: That's it. If you're looking at it from that macro view, we could make that comment and we would agree with you that over the last 5 years, we have worked hard and invested to shift more into the value-added products and we always make sure that as we do that, we don't abandon any of the markets that we play in, so we stay strong in the commodity markets, as we have continued to invest and grow into the value-added markets. In terms of general construction versus more manufactured products, maybe 65%, 70% of revenue.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I asked Mr. Grass about it before the call and he told me that if the market does not go up and the market does not go down, then there's 100% chance it's going to go sideways. I don't know if that helps you, Tony.
John J. Ferriola: If it doesn't go up and if it doesn't go down. Yes, let me make a general comment. It's a very regional business and in this particular season, more than in the past, we've had a lot of strange weather that's occurred regionally so there's a lot of different impacts on different regions of the country. Overall, as we look going forward, we see it not changing significantly from where it is today. So it's going to stay within a band, at least for the next month.
John J. Ferriola: It's the same as Dan has said many times. We continue to look at every opportunity that's out there. When we find the right opportunity, if we find the right opportunity, we'll act. If we don't, we won't.
John J. Ferriola: And the only thing I would add to that, Jim, is we are constantly looking for the right opportunities. Given our strong balance sheet, we're able to act on those opportunities when they become available. We've got a great mergers and acquisition team that are constantly evaluating opportunities. If the right ones come along, we'll act on them. And we have the balance sheet to do it, and we'll do it. So I don't want to limit any comments as to what capital would look like in '14. That will depend entirely upon what opportunities are in front of us at that time.
John J. Ferriola: Just to help your memory, Dan has mentioned several times that we actually get them from 3 different suppliers, 2 of which are in Brazil and 1 of which is in Canada.
John J. Ferriola: Absolutely. We look not only in Canada for other sources and in Brazil for other sources, but frankly, we scour the world for the right pellet and iron ore feedstock and we found some interesting opportunities in some strange places and we'll continue to pursue those.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I'm not going to give any specifics. We want to keep them as surprises. We don't want to give away our strategy. But I'll make a general statement and the focus will be on a more proactive approach. That's what we need in this country and we're going to pursue that as we move forward. Obviously, the way that it's worked in the past, the way that it's worked in the past has been a very reactive program. We take action after the damage is done, after steel companies are put out of business, after American workers lose their jobs. Our approach will be much more proactive. And I'm not going to say much more than that, other than to say that we're addressing that issue every day with our government. As mentioned during the script, Dan DiMicco is going to remain focused on that and I've got great confidence in his ability to get it done.
John J. Ferriola: Thank you. I'd like to close by saying thank you for your interest in our company. And I'd like to say thank you to our 22,000 teammates for working safe, for working hard, for working smart and working together. Thank you for what you do every day and please continue to do it safely. Thank you.
James D. Frias: John, I just would add one thing. We have disclosed SBQ tonnage increments from those investments, and it was about 1 million tons. And Luke, I'd also say that we'll be able to operate at a higher utilization rate through the economic cycle because we'll be able to ship products that we don't make today because of the fact that we're expanding the range of products we make. So our utilization rates, on average, will be higher through the cycle than they have been in the past.
James D. Frias: The commentary about cautioned optimism wasn't about the steel mill products directly, it was about the downstream Construction Products businesses, specifically, just as a clarification.
James D. Frias: Of the 3 businesses, the deck plant, obviously, the sheet products, the joist plants are primarily bar, the rebar fab, this is all bar. But the metal building businesses uses sheet, bar and structural. So they use some of all 3.
James D. Frias: Timna, I would just add 2 comments. One is that our Trinidad DRI facility had its most profitable year this year. So even in a weak market it's doing pretty well. And in general, the comment we've made to you and a number of folks is that in weak markets, like we're seeing now, we'll make a small decent return on the DRI product, have some small cost advantages that are worthwhile. And in strong markets we'll have very, very large competitive advantages when scrap prices and pig iron prices, which typically gone extremely high will be based on this fixed cost of natural gas we've locked in plus iron ore prices which tend to not be quite as volatile.
James D. Frias: Nothing too dramatic. There was some state long-term liabilities from 2008 that fell off as new ones went on and profits were bigger in '08 than they were in '12, so the flip of those things creates a small benefit in the quarter, but it wasn't, it might be $6 million or $7 million, somewhere in that range.
James D. Frias: Yes, the only thing I'd say is we do publish statistics about how much we make in each of the subproduct categories: Sheet, plate, structural. So if you take a look at that data, we're the largest U.S. steel producer and we've got the broadest product offering. So generally, whatever the U.S. demand for steel products is, we're going to mirror it fairly closely because we pretty much make all the products.
James D. Frias: Sal, I'd say that based on what we know today, our expectation is that '13 will be a peak year for CapEx and it will wind down some in '14. But quite honestly, the way we're constantly working on strategic opportunities, I'd hate to limit it and say, it couldn't be a $1 billion again. I would say that what we know today would say it's probably in the $600 million to $700 million range in 2014. And for us, that's a long way to think out about specific CapEx numbers and we've talked about this before. We have a strategic planning meeting offsite every year in August. And after August, we get a better feel for what's going to happen 2 years out to 5 years out. And I don't know if we'll be willing to add color after that point in time, we probably won't, because we like to keep our cards close to the chest. But I would say, right now, our expectation is '14's down and who can even imagine after '14.
R. Joseph Stratman: Sure, Luke. This is Joe Stratman. I'd be happy take a shot at that. I would say, over the next 2 to 5 years, just '13 and for the next 4 or 5 years after that, the spend should be approximately in the same ballpark. And as you might imagine, and you know probably the natural gas drilling business a little bit, you're deploying capital and you're drilling wells and the wells come on and they produce for a very long period of time. But one well certainly doesn't produce all the gas that we're talking about in these programs, so you're drilling multiple wells over a series of years and the gas will be drilled for a number of years, will produce for a number of years more. So when we talk about the natural gas supply for the next 20-plus years, that's not all drilling programs. The drilling program could go in the 7- to 10-year range and then the gas production will come after that. So near term, it's going to be very consistent with 2013 expenditure. But then the gas production will go off for many years after that.
R. Joseph Stratman: I was going to add one thing, Brian. We are adding the wider sheet piling sections at Nucor-Yamato. Those will come online, we anticipate, in the middle of next year, 2014. That will be new products for us. Those are products that the Skyline team has been distributing in the past from other suppliers and, certainly, is a net increase for the Nucor family. So that's a growth opportunity within the structural business. And we're always -- the team at Nucor-Yamato and the team at Berkeley, our 2 structural mills, are always looking at new sections. Not all of them are huge volume, but incrementally, they make nice tons in these kinds of markets. And as Jim Frias said earlier, it keeps us at higher faster utilization rates throughout all market conditions.
R. Joseph Stratman: One of the product lines that Skyline has and produces is pipe piling. These are for foundation applications. This is not structural type pipe and tube, this is not OCTG pipe. These are foundation pipe piles. They produce those pipe piles. The raw material they use is a sheet coil, our light plate coil and more of those tons from Skyline will be directed to Nucor mills now that they're a member of our family. So that'll improve the overall Nucor business.
R. Joseph Stratman: And Timna, let me add one more thing. As you know in your research, you said you've been studying DRI and you go back to the history of DRI in this country, you'll see that it's been a successful technology, but the one thing that it failed at over the decades is controlling the natural gas price. That's what drove the original DRI plants to their demise and that's one of the key elements of the whole DRI plant.
Anthony B. Rizzuto: I've got a couple of questions here. It's been some time since you guys have broken out your key end markets. And now with growing auto and a lot of your acquisitions investments, I was wondering if you could take a stab at it, if you could share it with us, where you see how big auto is, construction, oil and gas, all those different markets for us, that's one of my questions.
Anthony B. Rizzuto: It'd more or less, from a revenue standpoint, that's what I'm trying to get at. And I used to think about Nucor being maybe closer to 60% or 65% construction. My feeling is it's probably maybe a little bit less today, but that's where I'm kind of going with this.
Anthony B. Rizzuto: Okay, that's fine. And in terms of scrap, just your thoughts here, obviously, we're hearing that the scrap busheling for February could be down maybe $10, $20 per long ton. And I was wondering how you feel about the markets, how you see it playing out? If you can make any comments on that, it'd be very helpful.
