Floyd Sherman: Thank you, Chad. I remain very positive about the future of Builders FirstSource. While global macroeconomic unease has recently weighed on the homebuilding outlook, I believe our industry remains on a trajectory of steady but positive growth. We expect to grow profitably and realized our synergy cost savings. Our company is well-positioned to be the building supply company of choice for builders around the country thanks to our geographic reach, enhanced product offerings, national manufacturing capabilities, and superior customer service. Our focus will be to leverage our national scale and sales capability to grow faster than the market with the focus on profitable growth and value-added products. These strengths, our scale and the potential leverage provided by the synergy savings combines to make a Builders FirstSource that is greater than the some other parts. We've demonstrated our ability to reduce debt again this quarter and are committed to continuing to reduce leverage through annual pay it flow generation. Our integration efforts with ProBuild are progressing as expected and I attribute this success to the great associates that I have the pleasure to work with every day. To all the associates, I'd say thank you. I remain convinced that the combination of Builders FirstSource and ProBuild will create value for our shareholders and customers alike in the years to come. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd Sherman: I think some of it, some of it we saw some softening in the pricing in the marketplace for us. Lot of the commercial projects, I think a lot of people started getting concerned whether there was going to be a gradual slowing down in that particular area. The competitiveness I think really affected some of the pricing. We're seeing that coming back. The roofing really – we didn't have any really good hailstorms to help us that we had in previous years and I know that sounds pretty catalyst a way to put it, but hailstorms are very, very good for the – for our roofing business and particularly in the areas that we have very strong roofing sales. It definitely affected the year-over-year comparison, but those are the main reasons.
Floyd Sherman: I think their tracking pretty close to ours. I think we've discussed in the past, prior to us acquiring ProBuild. Their strategy was more going after margin and maybe walking some of the lower margin business, was this in some ways in contrast to some of our strategy and as you know, our mix of large national builders was historically higher than ProBuild. And so we've simply acquired them. We've loosen the range a little bit and told them, hey, with the changes we're making to their cost structure, we should be able to sell the large homebuilder profitably and so we've loosened the range a little bit to let them go after some of that business that prior to us acquiring them than they may have passed on.
Floyd Sherman: We're really pleased with the way things are progressing in the quarter. There's a lot of – we're seeing good activity out on the job sites. Still very active in homebuilding. The biggest problem issue that we still face is labor out on the jobsite. It probably – if you look at completions versus starts, you can really see that. So, that's the only thing that's really hold – that I can see that's holding anything back, but we're really pleased to see the way the quarter is going right now.
Floyd Sherman: Still progressing well on both fronts, and I think we will continue to see that. Labor is still an issue out on job sites. And so, I think the builders will continue to demand the [indiscernible] components. A lot of our capital spend that we have slated for 2016 involves expanding that opportunity on the ProBuild side. We've got some facilities that were increasing the capacity on through additional equipment and automated equipment. We're relocating some facilities to increase capacity and opening a couple of new truss and panel facilities. And so, it's something we'll continue to work on. It's not something you can turn around in a month or two, but we're putting a lot of effort into that, just like from the Builders FirstSource side we've done for the last decade.
Floyd Sherman: I don't – we don't have anything like that handy, Rob. I can work on pulling something together for you. We don't have anything like that at our fingertips right now.
Floyd Sherman: That's going to be your manufactured products and probably the millwork side of the business, I would say will be the top two.
Floyd Sherman: Yeah. Page 10. Well, I'll speak from a quarterly standpoint for the fourth quarter and our margin. I estimate that the commodity deflation obviously impacts our top line, and so it robs some gross margin dollars from us. Now, we do get a rate improvement as prices are falling, as you know, so I estimate the net impact on gross margin due to commodity deflation was about $15 million to the negative if you're trying to bridge from Q4 last year. And then all the other non-commodity-related products added about $28 million of gross profit dollars. So the net of those two would get you to your $13 million change in margin quarter-over-quarter.
Floyd Sherman: No. You didn't model it poorly. But we – after the hand-to-hand combat of going through all the purchase accounting for the year-end audit and getting it all finalized, we ended up putting more to goodwill than the amortizable and tangible assets than we have thought. So that's probably where your difference is coming from.
Floyd Sherman: Yeah. I think we're also going to be seeing, I think, more movement to the starter home. Certainly Horton with their Express line is definitely showing a lot of strength in this area. I think there are other builders who are following along in the same line. Right now, I think we are seeing it as a steady improvement. We've got the traditional markets in the Southeast. They're still going very well. The Texas market is still very healthy for us. Houston, while it's down 10%, 12% right now, but that's mainly in the upper-end home. We're seeing still a healthy growth in the lower-priced, middle-priced homes in Houston. The Dallas-Fort Worth market, San Antonio or Austin market. They're really, really going strong. The other parts of our country, West Coast, North West, looking very healthy at this point as is the North East. So, I don't see all the pessimism that seems to be prevalent in the press. I think, job growth is looking well. And I think, we're seeing, certainly, more jobs being created in the middle to higher income levels. And so, we feel good about this year. As Chad said, 8% to 10% improvement in housing. I'll take that every year. And I've seen nothing out there, even on the horizon that causes me to feel that we're not going to see that again this year in the improvement in housing.
Floyd Sherman: Yeah. I know people look at us and kind of what cock their eyes when we say minimal to no disruption, but that's the truth of it. We are operating very well. Our people have come together extremely well. We did a very good job of preplanning and then the execution of our integration plans and go-to-market plans. So, from our view point, things couldn't be going better.
Floyd Sherman: And really worked well at supporting the customer from the best and closest location which is working out extremely well for us. And so we've been able to provide and keep up a very high level of service to our customers.
Floyd Sherman: I really can't say that we have any weak regions. All of our regions are at this point are meeting or exceeding my expectations and for what we have set for our budget this year. I guess you could say, is Houston as strong as it was last year? No, but it's far from being a disaster or a problem area. The other markets in Texas is very good, Northeast very good. The Florida market, Georgia, the Carolinas all operating well. We're having some issues in the Vulcan with the – in the Dakotas, but they're also very close to budget. So not enough below it to make me have any real heartburn. Our business in Alaska, still strong, California going very well, as is in the Northwest. So there's always going to be, and when you have 450 locations, you're always going to have some that are lagging for one reason or another, might be a little behind, but then other locations within that general geographic large market state makes up for it. And so I would say Florida and the Carolinas probably are the strongest areas in terms of building health right now, but Colorado certainly would fall in that classification as well. Our business in Colorado looks really, really good at this point. So that's the best way I can answer you. I wish I could tell you that I had problems, but I don't.
Floyd Sherman: I guess maybe our people aren't reading the press or whatever. But now we're – things are going very well right now in the California markets for us.
Floyd Sherman: Okay. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. And we look forward to updating you on the progress of the integration and of our business initiatives in the months ahead. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give Chad Crow or Jen Pasquino a call. And thanks for joining us today.
Chad Crow: Yeah. To answer your first question, it was company-generated and really just looking to take advantage of where the bonds were trading and the arbitrage between those two. To your second question, we were able to do this fairly quickly without using any liquidity and got a little bit of interest savings and brought the debt down some. But to your point, as we get deeper into the year, we might very well look to reduce debt and other matters which could include paying down debt with cash flow and the liquidity that we have.
Chad Crow: Yeah. That's a good question and a subject that gets bandied around here a lot. I do feel very comfortable with the amount of liquidity we have. To some degree, everyone in the industry is still licking their wounds from what happened over the last five to seven years. And so it's hard to know – you never really know how much liquidity is enough, right? But I do feel good about our liquidity level. I do think we have some excess liquidity to play with to improve our capital structure. But we're probably going to wait until we get deeper into the year in the spring selling season before we take any action that would use up some of our liquidity.
Chad Crow: Well, we didn't use any baskets. We really just used the four times secured debt ratio as part of the secured notes. But as far as that calculation goes, I think there's maybe another $50 million or so.
Chad Crow: The $45 million should be spread fairly evenly. So, the good chunk of that was changes that went into effect January 1.
Chad Crow: Well, that goes back to how much base liquidity do we think we need. And to be honest, I just don't – I don't have the answer for that yet. That's still kind of a work in process.
Chad Crow: The CapEx this year will probably be somewhere around $90 million, $90 million to $100 million. The one-time integration cost that we expect to incur in 2016 is about $30 million.
Chad Crow: Yeah. I think you could really see the effects of that as we've been accelerating since the acquisition was closed, the fourth quarter in particular. We saw a really good improvement in the sales on the ProBuild side and we were able to overcome a very, very tough commodity deflation effect. And we look at on a quarterly basis, the commodity effect we had with negative 100 – it cost us about $121 million in sales. So, that will give you some indication of the strength that came back in the other parts of our business and certainly the ProBuild locations are contributing strong to that.
Chad Crow: I think we are seeing that so far in our first quarter. As I've said, I think our sales are going to be up 6% to 7% and that's facing another pretty stiff commodity deflation headwind. And so that should be a good indication that we have seen some acceleration in this quarter.
Chad Crow: And on your second question about pricing, I mean, pricing is still tough. It's still very competitive out there. When you look at where we are from a starts level, we're still well below any sort of normal building environment. So, it's still pretty tough from a pricing standpoint.
Chad Crow: Well, as you can imagine, there's a lot of moving parts. We've got a lot going on from an integration standpoint. And so yeah, I think we said in the third quarter might be around $85 million. We're being probably a little conservative. We got the range back at the $90 million to $100 million where have had it originally. The biggest moving parts is largely on the ERP conversion efforts, the cost associated with that, and then a little bit of give and take on the some of the employee-related cost, relocation, severance, retention bonuses things like that.
Chad Crow: Well, the $100 million to $120 million cost savings that we laid out were, for the most part, independent of ERP conversions. Now as we get deeper into the conversion process and as we said before, this is going to be – it could be a four or five-year process to get through all these. And we went through a similar process at Builders over the years as we grew through acquisitions. But as you get everyone closer to being on one ERP system, the savings you can generate and the efficiencies you can gain just by really having real-time access to consolidated information to manage your inventory, to manage your credit, to manage your payroll and your overtime cost and then reduce head count in the back office, as you get everyone on one system just as far as APE payroll, all the back-office functions are much more efficient. So, some of those savings we will realize beyond that two-year window as we get more and more of the company on to the same ERP system. But it's really just an overall efficiency in having real-time consolidated information at your fingertips to run the company.
Chad Crow: I think we may speak out at the maybe $150 million, $175 million out on the revolver and it's peaked during the year. And then obviously, we'll see that comes back down towards the end of the year as the building season slows. To answer your second question, I don't know if I'd say all of the $80 million to $85 million of cash flow. But certainly a significant portion of it, I would expect to be used to take some debt off the balance sheet.
Chad Crow: And then there's another one up in the Northeast where we got a pretty good expansion project under way.
Chad Crow: Yeah. Bear with me here one second. If prices stay where they are today, we estimate that that could be somewhere around the 6% or 7% negative impact on our sales in the first quarter. And then that comparison gets easier as we go on through the year. If pricing stays where it was today, I think by the end of the year, it would be somewhere around a 2% or 3% negative impact on full-year sales.
Chad Crow: Well, I'll discuss the incremental in total. Yes, when your period of commodity deflation, your incremental is going to be higher because you're generating more margin dollars on a lower sales number essentially. So, it's just the way the map works. Your incremental are going to be higher. And so that's a primary driver as to why that's in the 15% to 20% range and not in the typical 12% to 15%. And then I also think we'll probably get a couple of million dollar benefit in the quarter for lower fuel prices. So that's adding to it as well.
Chad Crow: Okay. In my opinion, I think we're going to see more of the same. I think we're going to see somewhere in that 8% to 10% growth in single-family starts. I think repair and remodel will still hang in, in that 3% to 5% range. The oil will impact some markets, but we've got plenty of other markets that are not impacted by oil that are showing some great strength. And so, in my opinion, it's going to be more of the same. It's probably similar to what we saw last year. I don't know what your perspective is, Floyd.
Chad Crow: Yeah. And it's a credit to the guys in the field and the markets where we overlap. They have really come together and are working as one unit to making sure the customers – there's no customer disruption and whatever we're doing whether it's an ERP conversion or a facility consolidation. The guys out in the field have really done a great job.
Chad Crow: Yeah. I think excluding all that and just on the base business, you're going to be somewhere in that 12%, 14%, 15% range.
Chad Crow: Probably just $3 million to $5 million or so of taxes. And then, make sure you got the one-time cost in there of about $30 million.
