Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Joining me today from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll start by giving a recap of the second quarter and then I'll turn the call over to Chad, who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Our sales for the second quarter of 2013 were $398.1 million, an increase of 46.4% when compared to last year's second quarter sales of $271.9 million. Over the same time period, actual single-family housing starts in the South Region increased 14.5% and single-family units under construction increased 27.4%. We continue to experience strong year-over-year sales increases despite the tough sale comps from 2012. From a sales per start perspective, we ended the current quarter with a new high of $4,504 per South Region single-family start compared to $3,522 in the second quarter of 2012 and $4,021 in the first quarter of 2013. Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods prices were, on the average, 21.5% higher during the second quarter of 2013 as compared to those in the same quarter last year, though prices did fall approximately 30% during the course of the quarter. Falling prices in the back half of the quarter relieved some of the gross margin pressure we have been experiencing from commodity inflation, and we were able to improve our gross margin by 100 basis points for the current quarter due to both improved pricing and higher sales volumes. These factors helped us achieve adjusted EBITDA of $16.7 million for the current quarter, an improvement over $14 million when compared to adjusted EBITDA of $2.1 million for the second quarter of 2012. I'll now turn the call over to Chad, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. As the recovery in the housing market continues, we believe our year-over-year sales growth for the second half of 2013 will be driven by the combination of market share gains and increases in the overall customer demand. We will still continue to maintain our focus on improving our gross margins and further leveraging our operating cost structure. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, I think, Trey, the -- we're going to see a slow inflation, I believe, for the rest of the quarter and into early fall for both Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods. It feels to us right now like the panel and lumber manufacturers are trying to find a pricing level that they can live with and that they can sustain. And I don't think we're going to see a real major run-up and a real sharp spike as we had seen in the past. I think it's just -- the feel to us right now is that it'll slowly keep creeping up, and as Chad said, we can manage that, and I really don't believe we're going to see it coming back to the levels that we saw in the -- at -- by the end of the first quarter of this year.
Floyd F. Sherman: No. I -- the -- we're still looking at a very, very competitive landscape. The -- I do have to point out, I think it's -- we got to know that we're still in a very depressed housing environment. If you look at 2012, the starts ended up about 535,000. That was the third worst year of housing. This year, while things are certainly getting better, I don't think it's anywhere near what we would call a healthy or normal environment this year than that number for single-family starts. It's probably somewhere in and around the 650,000 mark. Right now, on an annualized basis, it's 591,000. So while it's better, it will be the fourth worst year on housing on record. There still is a lot of supply chasing the demand so it is still very, very competitive. Our guys are doing a tremendous job, I believe, in trying to get more responsible pricing and still keep the customers. And it's a daily battle out there and we have been successful in pulling up the margins. Some of it came with the easing of the commodity pricing, but that really didn't affect us until very late in the quarter because we're on an average costing basis. So -- and we did very little buying in the first couple of months of the quarter. So we didn't get a lot of benefit from it. And it's -- our people are getting the prices up and we're getting it up across the board in all of the product categories, but it is a damn tough fight every day. And the -- and -- but we're going to continue on the same basis. And right now, as Chad said, third quarter is the start of -- the start of the third quarter for us is really looking very good. We're very pleased with what we're seeing.
Floyd F. Sherman: No, I think if you look at our current sales per U.S. single-family start, if we want to look at it on that basis at our current penetration rate, it would take a little over 870,000 single-family starts. We have really increased our market share and I think a lot of people haven't really focused on that where, in the past, when we did the $2 billion in sales, we had a 1.7 million single-family housing market. We can now do that same number, I think, somewhere at half that amount.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think it's pretty much right across the board. Right now, Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods has increased a little bit more because inflation helped drive that. But our component products are really gaining very nicely, the Windows & Doors, the Millwork categories. So we tried to go in with a full package proposition to our builder customers, and for the most part, we're successful in doing so. And so I think it's very broad-based for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: And I would also add to that, just as important as weather has been, there's definitely labor-related issues becoming more and more -- a larger problem out in our marketplaces.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think it's going to take -- to get back, for us, at the more normal margins, I think we're going to have to start seeing a housing start rate, single-family, above 1 million single-family starts. I think until then, you're going to have a supply/demand imbalance in the distribution side of the business.
Floyd F. Sherman: Jack, I really -- we really haven't seen this. We just concluded about 2.5 day meetings area, VP manager and review meetings and we, of course, covered every single market that we're in. All of our people are still seeing a very healthy environment out there. Did not hear any areas that the pace of building was really getting ready to slow down. There is concerns as to -- of that labor is keeping a somewhat of a damper and the weather, up to the same degree, it has slowed down some of the building pace, but the demand for the houses and the builders are so as we get some sunny days and so they're buying some framers. The pace of building is going to be picking up. So from that standpoint, it looks like it's staying pretty good. It doesn't look like the change in mortgage rates when it rose and now it's pulling back. But that really hasn't seem to slow down the builders and on the future sales that we're hearing about. So it still looks very healthy out there for us out in all of our markets. I would say, the only consistent problem that we seem to be hearing is that the smaller builder is still having a very difficult time finding a source of the financing that will enable them to be active in acquiring the lots that they need to build on. The smaller builder is still feeling the pinch a lot more so than the large national or regional builders.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think price is one of the factors, but I think even more than that is the labor issues that are cropping up in the field are certainly making components more attractive to the builders. We're seeing a continuation of the trend of builders wanting to make the switch back to components and even recognizing that traditional framing steel may be slightly more favorable from a cost standpoint. But from the -- from a labor standpoint, it definitely is a more attractive alternative, and I think that's probably as large a contributor to our increased sales of components.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think if you talk with our salesman, they would not agree with what Chad is saying. We certainly -- every little bit helps, but we've got a long ways to go before we can really start saying that the pressure is easing.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. We have reactivated 2 of our component plants, one in Florida, one in Maryland. The rest, we're going to as the business develops and as there is a need and where we know we can keep that plant operating at a legitimate level, or more than just a few weeks or months, we're going to -- we will reactivate those facilities. But that -- we keep looking at it and evaluating it, and right now, don't have anything that we're planning to reopen for the rest of the quarter.
Floyd F. Sherman: The -- we -- I -- from as far as visibility, we don't have any more or less visibility than we've always had and that's always been pretty short except for the feedback that we get from the builders in each one of the markets in which we operate. And right now, that continued to be very optimistic, and the projections that they're giving us and talking about what their building plans are for the remainder of the quarter and then into what will be our fourth quarter, their first quarter, still continues to be very healthy. So -- but we'll just have to react to that as we come to it. But the other question concerning our markets, right now, all of our markets are doing very well. I really can't say we have any troubled market other than maybe we have markets that are only seeing a 20% to 25% increase versus other markets that are seeing 50% and 60% and 70% increases, but hell, I don't think 20% increase is anything to be ashamed of. So right now, every one of our markets are looking very strong and very good.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. We are right now. We certainly are seeing increases from the manufacturers. We're doing our best to pass it on. We certainly are making every effort to do so. I would say we've been very aggressive in trying to push our margins, but a lot of that is dictated by what -- the competition that we face and what their pricing strategy is. And in some cases, we've been able to cover it. In other cases, on other materials -- certain materials, we haven't been able to get everything, but we've been able to get some of it. So it's just been, really, a mixed bag.
Floyd F. Sherman: 9 They are still healthy. And for the most part, Windows in particular, we've been able to pass on the increases that we've seen.
Floyd F. Sherman: If you look at the window manufacturers, most of it has been mid-single digit, to somewhere between 4% and 7%.
Floyd F. Sherman: There's a lot of that I have to point out. A lot of that, as Chad knows, is we specifically try to design our sales effort towards achieving and keeping the mix that we have. We really have been very, very aggressive and active in going and looking for that smaller builder and developing business with the smaller builder, whether he be a mid-zone priced builder or the high-custom builder. We've been adding significantly to our new accounts on a quarterly basis and this cumulatively has really been the reason for our ability to maintain that mix of 65-35. And that's what we're going to continue putting all efforts into doing and keeping that mix because that's needed in our business in order to be able to get the longer-term profitability that we haven't had.
Floyd F. Sherman: Haven't really seen anyone falling by the wayside here for the last 6 months to 12 months. So I would have to say, yes, that's been pretty stable.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. And again, you have to take it somewhat, I have to look at it and then go on and base it because I'm not out there, that certainly would belittle all of our people. But if you talk with our people, they would indicate or feel that, that number is probably somewhere between $10 million to $20 million of effect. I am not in a position that I could really say one way or the other how accurate that number is, but I think it is probably realistic.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. We appreciate everyone listening in today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give Chad or Marcie Hyder a call here in Dallas. Thanks, and have a good day.
M. Chad Crow: No, there really wasn't anything unique in there, and I'm with you. And I think Floyd will agree. We were both extremely pleased with how we were able to leverage our OpEx. If you go back, our lowest number ever was 2005 and that was 18.2% for the year, and so we're already trending ahead of that on significantly less sales. So that has us very optimistic about what we can do as sales continue to grow. But I still think we're going to be about 50-50 fixed variable going forward. And so I still think there's room to improve on that.
M. Chad Crow: Well, if you go back to 2012 and the first quarter of this year, each of those quarters, the inflation we were fighting impacted us at least 100 basis points. So let's hope that during the third quarter, we don't see another 25% or 30% inflation because, if we do, it'll put some pressure on margins. But right now, if things just seem to be ticking up slowly, it would certainly be manageable for us. But really, we just have to wait and see what prices are going to do the next couple of months. I can tell you, so far this quarter, margins are very strong. So thus far, we feel good about the quarter.
M. Chad Crow: We're obviously still doing multifamily and light commercial work, and we'll look at it like we always have. If it's a project that makes sense for us from a profitability standpoint and a liquidity standpoint, then we'll certainly go after it. So I don't know that that's really changed. From a location standpoint, we've -- with our current footprint, I think we can handle close to $2 billion in revenue. And so in the near term, our main focus is going to be on getting those facilities up closer to full capacity. I think that's going to be the biggest bang for the buck in the near term. But with that being said, we'll certainly look at opportunities to go into new markets, whether it's a new location or acquisitions, but I'll say that's not -- certainly not the top of our list right now. As you know, last year, we opened a new location in Austin and one outside in Nashville, Tennessee, and those were opportunities that came along that made sense. And so if we have opportunities like that, we'll certainly take a hard look at it. But I don't know that, just because we did the refinancing, that our strategy really is going to change all that much.
M. Chad Crow: For us, we just wrapped up a meeting with our area Vice President and they will tell you that on the East Coast and our markets, we had a tremendous amount of rain the last couple of months. And if anything slowed activity in our markets, it was the weather, it was the rain. And that's 1 reason we are very optimistic about how Q3's shaping up, is they really feel like there's a lot of construction that got to put on hold because of the weather.
M. Chad Crow: In a lot of subdivisions, you got slabs just sitting, waiting for framers, so that's kind of kept the lid on some of the growth as well.
M. Chad Crow: Working capital will continue to trend as it has. It'll be about 10% of sales. And so as our sales continue to grow, you can pretty much count on working capital build at about 10% of that growth. CapEx, I think, this year, we're going to end up somewhere between $8 million and $10 million of CapEx. That's what we're looking at right now.
M. Chad Crow: I think that's definitely a possibility. I can tell you from across the second quarter, from April to June, our margins improved 200 basis points. And so it's certainly trending in the right direction, and as we've already mentioned, July has started out strong as well.
M. Chad Crow: No, I think that's going to be pretty consistent, if we continue to grow our sales like we have been.
M. Chad Crow: It could slow our growth down a little bit from that standpoint, but at the same time we're -- I also feel like we're getting price increases through. So net-net, I don't know that it's going to have a significant impact.
M. Chad Crow: It may be doing a little better from a pricing standpoint. To some degree, the builders, they are getting busier and so they are placing a higher value on service across the board. So from that standpoint, it may be getting a little easier on the pricing side, but certainly, I wouldn't say significantly easier, yes.
M. Chad Crow: I think we absolutely will, especially with the lower interest. I think we should be positive cash flow the last 2 quarters of the year. And if we're not, like you said, it's only going to be because of the working capital build and our business continuing to grow. So we should see -- we should definitely see improvement on the cash flow side of things.
M. Chad Crow: Yes, we -- I mean, if we really felt that, that was going to be the trend, then we're going to certainly utilize our position and protect ourselves, and that would mean, then, more working capital going into the inventory build. Right now, don't really see the need. We have -- we've gotten ourselves and we put ourselves in a position, I think, to pretty much get through the third quarter with some longer-term commitments that we used to cover our needs, as well as inventory that we've taken in during the month of July. So right now, we're feeling pretty good about our position for the third quarter. But if we felt that we were looking at another major spike that occurred from August or September of last year through March of this year, yes, we would go and buy in heavy in anticipation.
M. Chad Crow: So, it's not only to extend it out, but as Floyd commented on just a moment ago, we do feel like, with the buys that we made this month of July and what we have upcoming in the next couple of months, we're certainly in good shape for the quarter. And he also mentioned that if we feel like we're going to see a sharp run-up in prices, we might tend to get heavier on the buy side. But right now, that's not our feel. So we feel like we're in good shape for this quarter.
M. Chad Crow: On Door, yes, I would say that's been in that range and then you're always going to have certain situations where we have to work with the manufacturer to adjust the pricing to beat a certain situation and -- or from a timing standpoint, as to when that increase goes into effect. But the Doors and Windows, on a combined basis, they've been pretty much the same.
M. Chad Crow: There's always room to improve your share of wallet with customers. Like you said, you may be selling them every product except interior trim for whatever reason. So you're constantly going after better increased share of the wallet, but on the other side of things, as we've already discussed, it's still very competitive out there and a lot of the business you do with the big builders bid every quarter. And so a lot of it is dictated by what happens on a competitive basis within each market as you're going through that quarterly bidding process. But I would say, certainly, a portion of our market share gains has been our ability to increase the share of the wallet with those builders.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I think most of the pricing leverage we're going to get in the future is, as Floyd already commented on, we just need a healthier building environment. And while everything you read does indicate that bigger builders are taking market share, our mix of sales to the big builders has remained remarkably consistent in the last couple of years. If you look at our top 10 customers, it's been right around that 23%, 24% of sales. And if you look at the Builder 100, it's been right around 33%, 34% of sales. And like I said, it remained remarkably consistent. So it does feel like...
M. Chad Crow: Yes. It could take a little bit healthier environment as far as starts because, at that level, you'll be talking about 850,000 starts or so. And I think we'll certainly see some nice margin improvement at that point. But I think to get all the way up to that, 25%, 26%, we're probably going to be needing somewhere closer to 1 million single-family starts.
M. Chad Crow: I think the main drivers is going to be the construction activity. As Floyd pointed out earlier, we're still at a very, very low level of housing and we just need to get back to a more normal environment.
