Chad Crow: Thank you, Peter. This is an exciting time for Builders First Source. We are on path to close out a record year with 2020 adjusted EBITDA expected to be approximately $640 million or 25% above last year at the midpoint of our guidance. This outperformance to prior year comes as we reap the benefits of the structural enhancements we have made as we implement operational excellence initiatives, deepen our presence in high-performing value-added businesses and empower our sales teams to compete wisely in the commodity product market. I’m incredibly proud of the Builders FirstSource team and thank each member for their dedication to our company, customers and communities. Looking ahead, we are all very pleased to welcome the BMC team to the Builders FirstSource family. Our accomplishments to this point have only strengthened my conviction in the merits of this merger. This merger will allow us to deliver solutions that make our customers more productive and efficient through deeper and more integrated relationships than ever before. Value-added offerings will continue to represent the largest portion of our business and the focus of our investments. With our expanded capital resources, we believe we will be uniquely positioned to accelerate our profitable growth through underlying market expansion, supplemented by targeted acquisitions and operational excellence initiatives. This merger aligns with our shared growth strategies and occurs at an optimal time for both companies to create significant value to a much larger and more efficient platform. We look forward to completing this merger and working closely together with a unified leadership team that has a proven record of successful integrations. I’m confident that with the two outstanding organizations coming together, we will be better positioned than ever to be the supplier of choice for building materials and value-added products and services in the years to come. With that, thank you again for joining us today, and we will now open the call up for your questions.
Chad Crow: Yes. I would kind of sum it up as expected. Clearly, we are still two separate companies, and so we are doing as much of the planning as we can in the interim. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, Dave and I visited a lot of locations. There is a lot of excitement out there amongst our team members on the opportunities that we are going to have as a go-forward company. But no real surprises good or bad so far. It is just as expected, which is good. Still feel good about the synergy ranges we have given. One thing that is clear, we are all very busy. So there is not a whole lot of excess capacity sitting around at the moment, which is a high-class problem to have. So yes, it is going as expected, which is a good thing.
Chad Crow: Yes. I would just add nothing has structurally changed with our business, obviously, but it is a very volatile time. And as Peter mentioned, lumber prices has dropped significantly in the past month, but they are still well above any sort of historical averages. The framing lumber composite, the print right now is still 50% higher than a five-year average, and you go all the way up to OSB, which is still over 100% higher. So still a very healthy environment for us. As you know, we love high lumber prices. So if they do stay elevated into next year, that is a wonderful environment for us. Could margins be a tick lower? Maybe, but we will still be reaping the benefit of higher-margin dollars, which we know at the end of the day is the name of the game. So feel good about the business. And the short answer is there is nothing structurally that is changed in our business in the past few quarters that would cause, in my opinion, our margins to vary from what they have historically in a more normal commodity environment.
Chad Crow: Yes. Trey, I will just add, there is definitely been some - not just in products, we deliver just across the board. As you know, there is been some product shortages and those continue. I have heard instances in the Dallas market where bricks are out 12 weeks, and I know people personally building homes that are waiting on doors and windows. And if you look at the data the last couple of months, this may be the first time it is ever happened and definitely in recent years where new home sales have outpaced starts, it is usually the other way around. So the backlog is very strong, but I do think, as Peter mentioned in the opening comments, the cycle times are going to be extended because of tightness of product and labor. And it is a high-class problem to have, right? And it will extend this backlog and this favorable environment into next year, which isn't a bad thing. But I do think it is important as you think about our business and the industry in general that we will likely see cycle types extended in the coming quarters.
Chad Crow: No. I would say it should certainly carry us to midyear. You get beyond that, it gets a little fuzzy. A lot can happen, election year, et cetera. But I would say all in all, it is shaping up to be a - should be pretty good demand for 2021 first half. I wouldn't say it is in the bank, but it is looking really good. But it is just really hard to predict this business when you get beyond 6 or 8 months.
Chad Crow: Yes. Just to clarify, the 25% to 35% is Q4 over Q4 sales growth we expect to come from commodity inflation. It is a big number.
Chad Crow: Well, a couple of things. Yes, I do think homes have gotten smaller. It feels like maybe that is starting to bottom out now. But I don't worry about that a whole lot. I have said many times over the years, the only way you get back to a normal building environment of 1 million, 1.1 million single-family houses is you have got to have that mix of smaller homes. And that is what we have been missing really since this recovery started. And so to us, it is a good thing. It gets you to that higher flow through. It gets you to that throughput on the homes coming through the system. And yes, there is a higher mix of smaller ones. But again, the only way you get to those historical average is to have that proper balance, and we have just been missing that.
Chad Crow: And I think you commented that SG&A was going to be down in the fourth quarter, and I don't think that is correct. I think when you layer in the sales growth, the top line growth, including the inflation, you will see that it is probably not.
Chad Crow: Sure. Yes. What was really good to see is as you go into some of these and we were visiting primarily the markets where we overlap and mainly major markets. But really good to see the geographic footprint. So just top of mind there, you can see the potential in logistics savings, where our footprint might be more focused on the South end of town and their footprint might be more focused on the North end. It certainly is going to give us some ways to optimize our delivery. From a product selection standpoint, we would see a facility where they are very big. They have a very big ready-frame operation, for example, and we are very big in components. And they may also have a large millwork facility. And so when you look at in these major markets where we overlap, just the completeness of the product and service offering we can offer our customers and then how much better we will be positioned from a geographic standpoint to deliver it, that is what you are after, right. You want to be able to serve your customers with the full breadth of offerings, but also in the most efficient way you can. And so we saw a lot of examples of that. And then not to mention just the enthusiasm. And in many cases, there was almost a little mini family reunions going on when we saw some people that we have traded employees over the years. And they have got a lot of talented people, we have got talented people. And it is really great to think about really we will be the A team when we put these two companies together.
Chad Crow: Well, if you are a builder, clearly, you typically are going to have - want to have more than one supplier, right, just to make sure you are keeping everyone honest. But the advantage there is by offering that full breadth of products - so builders - we want to position the company where we can make the builders' life as easy as possible and make it easier to do business with us than any of our competitors. And so the more we can offer that as I said, that broad expansion of products and services, the more likely they are going to want to do business with us. Will that tend to lead to additional share of wallet? Yes, it should. Price? Maybe. There is still going to be other competitors in the market. They are still going to keep you honest. But it is more about being that go-to supplier for the builder and making their life as easy as possible and easy to do business with us versus any of our competitors. That is what you are after, and that is why these two businesses will complement each other so much and help us achieve that in a lot of these overlap markets.
Chad Crow: Yes. As we said all along, shortages in labor create the perfect environment to drive builders who aren't currently using components to consider them, and that is certainly in an environment we are still in. And combine that with just the overall demand, the existing customers that are using components and just the incremental number of homes, they are wanting us to run through our component plants. As Peter said earlier, the backlogs are very strong right now. So it should be a very value-add-conducive environment for the next few quarters.
Chad Crow: Yes. I wouldn't say it is off the charts. As you can imagine, we have got customers that have traditionally used components, and they are keeping us very busy right now with the increase in starts that we have seen in recent months. But yes, certainly, there is been an uptick in incoming inquiries and demand. And as I said, I don't see the labor issue getting better anytime soon, especially with the strong surge in starts. So as I said, I think that is going to continue to be a pretty favorable environment for us.
Chad Crow: Thank you once again for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our future results and the progress on our merger with BMC. If you have any follow-up questions, don't hesitate to reach out to Binit or peter. Have a good day. Thank you.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yes. So there are a couple of layers to this. This has been a pretty dynamic year. So as we talked about, the beginnings of COVID's impact on our business, the parts of the country where we were hardest hit, the Northwest, the Northeast and Florida, were those areas, for the most part, that were seeing government shutdowns. So everything was shut down or significant parts of the business were shut down. So a lot of exposure to value add in those businesses. So we saw the greater-than-normal or greater-than-average negative impacts on value-add. As we got into this summer and through the back half of the year, the geography impact still true from the perspective that I would say the Northeast has been the slowest to recover. The Northwest bounced back pretty quickly after the COVID reopening hit. The entire Northeast corridor has been much more, I would say, gradual in the recovery back to normal, I would say, still below normal in those markets. And again, that exposure in commodities and - is different - I'm sorry, the exposure to value add is different in those markets than it is in the rest of the country. Another way to look at it is, if you think about those parts of the country that have grown the most and have the best performance, if you think about the South, Texas is a great example, in many ways, electing not to participate in the downturns related to COVID, that is a market that doesn't have as much exposure to that value-added product. There are some other factors at play. We talked a little bit about the extended build times. We think that the homebuilder cycle, despite the rapid increase in starts, is extending. We have heard that comment from a few folks, whether it be due to product availability or labor availability. We think that has also shown a bit of an impact, particularly on products that we see towards the back half of the build cycle that is included in value add for us. All in all, we are not concerned about it. We continue to monitor it. I think it is important, obviously, to our strategic vision of the company. But all of our data says we have reason to be confident. We are positive about our backlogs. We think that the overall environment is very, very positive, and we see it picking up again. But certainly, there have been some speed bumps. We all know how hard it is to run a manufacturing operation in general. And during the age of the COVID, that is certainly a challenge for us. So we will continue to keep an eye on it and manage it, but certainly optimistic about what we see coming. Backlogs look good. Demand looks good. I haven't seen people moving away from manufactured product. So we think it is just some unevenness in the business.
Peter Jackson: Yes. That is a great question. And you have heard me make this half joking comment before, if you can tell me what commodities are going to be, I will tell you what my margins are going to be. It is a really big question, Mark. That run up that we saw this year in commodities is unprecedented. And while it is turned, it is certainly not back to historical norms. We are quite elevated, and I think the market in some ways is still digesting it. It is certainly still passing through in our pricing. We have [indiscernible] some of the materials that the homebuilders have put out there about what they are doing with their pricing. Some people have maybe tried to play the game a little bit from what we are reading into their comments that they have tried to slow down or speed up their build cycles. Personally, I think they are missing out in terms of the opportunity and the demand that is out there. We are motivated to build whatever we can and get it out. And I think that dynamic, as it evolves over the next 6 months, will be impactful on us, no doubt. But the core of the business is where all of our effort is going in terms of being ready to deliver on that demand. The likelihood that we are going to see a return to those really high lumber prices is low. So I think it is fair to say that we will see some tailwinds associated with the deflation for a bit of time. But it is so volatile and so dynamic in different in different parts of the country. I would say at this point, I'm not comfortable putting a normal out there for you. What you are saying doesn't sound unreasonable, but I couldn't point you to a real number at this stage just until things normalize and sort of settle out a little bit. The other big factor is putting our two businesses together and seeing what our - what the combined entity starts to perform at, that will be a critical piece to that as well.
Peter Jackson: There is, I mean, a couple of factors here, right? I mean, as far as I'm concerned, the day we close, that $750 million is sort of in the rearview mirror, and we will be working on putting a new number out there for everybody. The reality of the impact of commodity prices on that is undeniable, right? Of course, we are going to be able to deliver sooner if we got that tailwind. But again, our goal is really to focus on the core of the business, which is strong and is growing, and we are going to continue to refine and commodities are going to be what they are going to be. I think if we spend all of our time talking about commodity prices and its impact on the bottom line, we will have lost the real value in this business. But yes, I do think that could get us there sooner if they stay on it.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So I will try and answer those in order. We certainly did see certain markets, certain products, particularly certain species and lengths, get very, very tight during parts of the year. We, like everybody else, struggled at certain times to get everything that we wanted. I think we feel pretty good about getting what we needed. I think the numbers support that. We have seen, as the fall has started to set in, that some of that product has absolutely become available. And I think that is what you are seeing in the reflection of the prices in the spot for the random lengths coming back down. I would say it is not back to normal yet. But I would say that we are still running our business based on what we believe to be the right disciplines, meaning we are going to limit our inventory, we are going to keep our inventory tied to our days demand, we are going to bring it down seasonally. And then plan to bring it back up as we need to coming into next year. But right now you have seen a pretty good - this may come up later in the conversation, you have seen a pretty big increase in the value of our working capital. I will point to the fact that is basically all driven by the value of the product rather than the quantity of product we have on hand. We intend to stay lean.
Peter Jackson: You are right. There have been some price increases announced. You will have to forgive me if I wait to believe the gypsum guys. The impact is certainly inflationary right now. The nature of the demand, the interruptions to the supply, the additional costs required for manufacturers to have to address the whole COVID environment. I certainly think there is an inflationary environment. The reality, though, is what we have seen in the past in many of these business lines is that the cure for high prices is high prices, and they generally will slow themselves down or they will begin to add capacity in order to normalize it. I don't think it will get carried away. But at the end of the day, as a distributor, we will pass along those price increases, and we think that makes our business healthier as we better leverage the flow-through.
Peter Jackson: You know what, that is a great question. I think that the mix of what we are investing in at any given time, I mean we talked about Riverside and the new truss facility, those are pretty significant investments, sort of onetime. The nature of the capacity expansion related to individual machine lines and expansion of existing facilities is generally a little bit different. So it is kind of hard to give you a hard number, but it certainly has been supportive of the expansion in value add that we have talked about. That 25% in terms of a future investment, that is an interesting question because on one hand, I would say, yes, I think that is reasonable based on what we have seen over the past couple of years. But I will also admit that the demand does seem to be increasing in that value-add space, and we may decide to accelerate our investments in that area just because it is got such a great return. And in certain markets, particularly as we combine these two businesses, I think it is going to really unleash our capabilities to sell a broad swath of the market on value add, and I could see that increasing over time. A little early yet, to be honest, but I certainly I wouldn't be shy about putting more money into that, given our investment performance, our returns to date.
Peter Jackson: Well, the fourth quarter results for SG&A are always a little dynamic as we true-up all of our year-end reserves and sort of do our final cleanup. So there is always a bit of that. Yes, I mean, I think the big story is not a surprise to anybody, it is the impact of commodities and what that does. As you look at our business, 30% to 40% of our products are exposed to that commodity fluctuation. And with those currently being up basically double where they were last year, you have got a pretty significant impact to the business. And that, of course, is going to reflect in the nature of your SG&A fall through, your percentages. There is an impact, right, the nature of what we have seen in the commission rates going up and down. The leverage has certainly benefited, but you also have the required reserves in the business and the increased commission dollars associated with those sales. So a little bit of flexing rather in those numbers, but nothing material has changed or there some area of concern.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think the opportunity for expanding value add and increasing demand in value add is usually around the labor side, right? I mean, in most cases, the supply of the product has not been the big issue. It certainly does limit their ability to sort of do it themselves when they can't get access. We have very good relationships with our vendors. We partner very closely with both the sell-through product vendors, but also the machine vendors. And being the size that we are, I think they see us as a good customer. And so we work with them to make sure our orders for the equipment that we need are in early and that we have a pipeline that we are ordering each year. So less concerned about our access. Although let's face it, all manufacturing has been pretty disrupted. So that is something that we are going to continue to stay well ahead of in order to make sure we don't have issues in that regard. But value add, it is been a problem this year. Windows and doors, in particular, have struggled. And not to throw stones at them, it is been a very difficult time. But that is certainly an area where we are hoping for a good, solid recovery because we believe in the demand story.
Peter Jackson: Yes. It is a mix. Some markets, it absolutely helps us, and we are excited about what we are going to be able to do together and we will be able to add capacity. I mean the reality is if capacity in the market is constrained, it is because all of us are already constrained. So that will be a different challenge. Those markets where we don't play as much, there may be opportunities to do some of that. There is a lot to say grace over right now.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So multifamily, we think, will settle down a little bit. We certainly were benefited by some projects that came through. The multifamily team has done a really nice job for us. We think it will slow down a bit, but continue to be a good area for us. And we are not anticipating - I know that there have been some market forecasts out there that are pretty depressing. We don't think it will be that bad for us. But it is certainly an area of the market - as you get closer to commercial, those larger scale projects have been more impacted by COVID and the dynamics of the marketplace than some of the smaller areas where we tend to focus for multifamily. So we are feeling pretty good about it. A pretty small part of our business overall, but we think it will be a tailwind.
Peter Jackson: So two halves to your question. I would say the first part to your question is around kind of the performance of the business in terms of pricing. We certainly did better than we had done in the past. I think there are a couple of main reasons for that. The first of which I have tremendous gratitude and admiration for our team in terms of being able to execute, utilizing some of the tools we have been working on, utilizing all the experience that our teams have been very, very proactive, very aggressive in terms of responding to the marketplace. Getting those prices changed quickly, managing the costs and the inbound ordering, doing it in a very disciplined and quick reacting way, I think, was the biggest impact. I will also say that we certainly benefited from the headline nature of those commodity price increases. There wasn't anyone who didn't know. There wasn't anyone who could say, well, I'm not going to buy from you because it is expensive. And I was like, okay, well, you are not buying it from anybody else either because we have got a good position. We can get you the product that you want. If you would like it, this is what it costs. So I think that those combination of factors certainly was a huge benefit and the reason why we performed as well as we did. We generally don't try and break out for you the exact impact of commodities from an EBITDA perspective. We have talked about how much we felt was impacting for the third quarter in that 7.2% range. We think the fourth quarter, just to be explicit, we will be in the - 25% to 35% of our growth will be attributed to commodity inflation in the fourth quarter. Just as a general rule of thumb, we have talked about our fall through in that 12% to 15% range being roughly true for the impact of commodities up or down as well. So if you want to use some rough numbers, that is a good way to think about it, although I will tell you the exact math is a bit more painful.
Peter Jackson: I have read the articles that people are now nesting and wanting a bigger home after being trapped. And I think we will have to see. I think there is maybe hope that things level out. I'm not sure it turns into a tailwind because of what Chad was talking about. We need those smaller homes, and we will get them. I think that expansion of that starter and move-up home part of the industry is great news, long overdue.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So we have historically talked about SG&A being about 70% variable, about 30% fixed. Now the unique dynamic that you alluded to is this idea, that is based on real volume and not the sort of vagarities of commodities, if you will. So that is the only adjustment I would advise you to make sure you are keeping track of. But yes, we certainly have seen great leverage as a result of the expansion of commodities as well as great leverage off of the core, the core organic growth.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean it is a great question. I think that each cycle is a bit different. The extreme nature of this one has certainly impacted the industry differently. We are going to be in a different demand profile, I would say, going into next year. So that could potentially change things as well. I think we have got to wait and see how it plays out. I do feel really good about the underlying core though, right. Our ability to manage pricing, our ability to get good leverage off of the business, our ability to continue to grow the underlying operations in the strong demand environment and the movement toward value add, I think are all very positive tailwinds or data points for that discussion. But we just have to wait and see.
Peter Jackson: Well, there is certainly been a lot of conversation about it, no question. I think there are some ebbs and flows and some customers have gone away from the price locks or tried to. I think some of us in the industry in the distribution space have looked for ways to create a bit more stability in terms of the way we buy, whether it be directly from the mills or contractual relationships. Unfortunately, I'm not sure the options markets are really all that helpful just based on the way that they work right now. So there have even been discussions about how that might change in the future. I'm optimistic that in our new structure as the combined entity with BMC, that might be something we could even continue to follow down that path. Our ability to be a positive influence and a stabilizing influence in this industry, I think, is enhanced with our scale and with our ability to act in a coordinated way. So we will absolutely continue to look at that. And certainly, some interesting models based on some folks have done out there.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yes. I mean we had talked about a roughly $65 million target out there for ourselves. I think we are probably about halfway based on what we talked through up until prior year. Continuing to make progress in that space. We certainly see the best opportunities, the biggest opportunities for ourselves in a couple of key areas. I think that, that pricing management and pricing discipline, sort of taking the inconsistencies and inefficiencies out of our process is still being a potential forward-looking benefit for our business. Excited to see what we can do partnered together with BMC in that way as well. And then I think our ability to continue to enhance our internal operations using digital tools, processes, whether that be as we interact with our customers, but even back office. We certainly still see tremendous value going forward, leveraging best practices, leveraging technology and then a combination of those two things, we think will be really impactful. So certainly feel very good about our ability to deliver and go beyond those targets we would issued back in 2018. So certainly expecting that to be an important part of the way the business is going to run post merger as well.
