Chad Crow: Thank you, Binit and good morning everyone. I appreciate everyone taking the time to join our call today. I would like to share with you an update on our 2018 financial highlights and strategic achievements. Then I will turn the call over to Peter who will discuss our Q4 financial results in more detail. I will then finish with an update on our strategic priorities and outlook. Starting on Slide 2, we completed a year of very strong financial performance and achieved key milestones of value creation despite a moderating growth environment and a volatile commodity market. In 2018, we again showed the agility and resilience of our exceptional team, platform and strategy. Net sales in 2018 grew by almost 10% and EBITDA grew by almost 20% to a record annual $502 million, earnings per share increased by nearly 50%, value-added sales grew by an impressive 10% as we continued to invest in our strategic growth capacity. Our dedicated team accomplished these results while at the same time executing on our working capital initiatives generating a record $186 million in free cash flow for the full year 2018. Using that strong cash flow generation, we achieved our leverage target announced at the time of the transformative ProBuild acquisition in 2015. Turning to Slide 3, I would like to spend a few minutes highlighting a few of our strategic achievements in 2018. First, we continue to realize the growth and margin expansion benefits of our strategic investments and value-added products capacity by helping our customers solve challenges like increasing cost, lack of labor, and waste management. These investments are driving higher margin sales as we continue to grow our industry-leading manufacturing network through new plants, automation, new machinery, and system upgrades. Since 2016, we have opened eight state-of-the-art truss and millwork manufacturing facilities. As these facilities mature, sales will continue to grow, enabling us to capture share of the expanding offsite fabrication market as homebuilders look for solutions to overcome their labor and cost challenges. We also continued to make progress on our operational excellence initiatives. These best practices are being implemented throughout the organization to make Builders FirstSource more agile and more responsive. Initiatives underway include enhanced business analytics, pricing management tools, our My BFS Builder Customer Portal, and digital safety among others. I will specifically highlight our delivery optimization success a little later in the call which is already posting tangible benefits furthering the competitive advantage of our efficient distribution network. We once again delivered on our commitment to generate strong free cash flow to fund our long-term investments, while restoring balance sheet financial flexibility. We funded $101 million in capital investments including further expansion of our industry-leading value-added production capacity refreshing our fleet of rolling stock and upgrading our asset base. At the same time, we reduced our leverage to 3.1 times as of December 31st, 2018 a reduction of 1.1 times compared to the prior year end. Lastly hiring, training, and retaining the best people continues to be a top priority. We invested in the addition of 160 new sales team members in 2018. We also introduced training tools and processes to systematically drive and enable the productivity of our high-caliber sales culture throughout the organization. We are only strong as our 15,000 talented team members and we remain committed to growing and developing future leaders throughout the organization. I will now turn the call over to Peter who will review the fourth quarter financial results in more detail.
Chad Crow: Yes, I think it will be a little of both. I -- we want to continue to delever. As I've mentioned in the opening remarks, we certainly want to expand our value-added platform. And so if some opportunities came along there to do so -- to buy those greenfield, we would certainly look at it. At the present time, I don't anticipate any significant M&A. But certainly, we would consider some smaller M&A options from a value-add standpoint as opposed to greenfielding. Greenfielding is just getting harder and harder these days with all the restrictions and permitting requirements. And it's just taking longer and longer to get buildings out of the ground. So I would certainly be open to some smaller M&A activity and at the same time continue to delever a bit.
Chad Crow: And I'll just add we did see some improvement in the manufacturing products category. As you know, we continue to invest in our truss plants and automate where we need to and we're seeing some efficiencies there. So Peter's right obviously lumber was up, especially the back half of the year, the other product categories were relatively flat, but we also saw a decent little bump in manufactured products.
Chad Crow: Some of it could be regional too. A lot of the heavier used regions of the country over the Pacific Northwest and the Northeast and those tend to be impacted a little more about weather then say Texas would -- isn't impacted as much, but also is as much of a truss market.
Chad Crow: And I'll just add. In total we see it as a company over the next several years is somewhere around $20 million to $25 million opportunity, which translated -- it means we need to be about 5% more efficient from a delivery standpoint and from a yard personnel standpoint. Or say it in another way somewhere around 30% basis points as a percentage of sales. So it's a real opportunity and I feel very good about being able to achieve those numbers in the coming years.
Chad Crow: Yes. And I'll just add. I don't think I'm going out on a limb to say, its very likely commodity prices will not be as volatile this year as they were last year. I do think, as we get into the spring and summer building season, we will see some inflation. But even, that being said, it's likely going to be a bit of a headwind this year. But all in all, as you guys -- everyone knows on this call, we operate in a cyclical business. And this is just part of it. And in a cyclical business, you have good years, you have bad years. 2018 was a good year and despite maybe some additional headwinds in 2019, 2019 is going to be a good year. So as Peter said, we will deal with what comes our way. But we feel really good about things as we sit here today.
Chad Crow: Yes. It depends, right? It depends on how we're feeling about the cycle and where we are. It depends about -- it depends on what opportunities may present themselves. I'm not going to turn a blind eye to opportunities, if they come along. If something came along and it required us to pop back up to 3.5 or 3.8 times. But we had a clear runway of bringing it back down in short order. I'm not going to say no to -- or at least, not going to say, I'm not going to look at something like that. We back in 2015, we had no idea ProBuild would come along. And I'm being glad we did it. So it really just depends on the opportunities that are out there. But I would say, bar any significant opportunities that we want to look at. Yes, I'd say, driving it down somewhere closer to 2.5 on a longer-term basis is probably what we'll be looking at.
Chad Crow: Yeah, I don't -- wouldn't say the sky is falling, but the upper Midwest will be a challenge this year. I think Alaska will be a little better and Southern California is a bit of a question mark right now. So, I would echo what Peter said. Don't say it going gangbusters. It could be a little sluggish this year.
Chad Crow: Well, thank you once again for joining our call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of our initiatives in the quarters ahead. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to Binit or Peter. Thank you.
Matt Bouley: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Congrats on the quarter and on reaching your leverage targets as well.
Matt Bouley: So I guess on that point with leverage down near three times you authorized the repurchase of course. What can you say about the M&A pipeline in this environment? And relative to share repurchase, should M&A be a larger priority this year? Or do you anticipate kind of further deleveraging as you get towards the lower end of your leverage range there before M&A becomes a bigger tool? Thank you.
Matt Bouley: Okay. I appreciate that. And then secondly, just around the guidance. I think the first quarter EBITDA guide given the gross margin performance, it would suggest there's still some offset I guess on the SG&A side. Is that just further commissions and incentives as in Q4? Or is this kind of further heavy lifting around some of your investments? Really just how should we think about SG&A I guess beyond the first quarter? And when some of these investments may kind of reach scale? Thank you.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So the discussion around SG&A obviously you saw the jump in the percentage. There's couple of factors obviously as we deflate there'll be some natural inflation. Just like we saw the benefit in the earlier months in 2018. But we did see commissions go up. And hopefully that was a clear explanation and that we are -- our commission plans are built to reward our salespeople for selling at higher margins. And so that award is showing both in the fourth quarter and of course a bit in the first quarter as well. The other major factors I would describe comp and benes is certainly an area where we've seen pressure over the last year unemployment is down. And we certainly had to work to take care of our employees and make sure that we have good retention. And we have seen some headwinds in the areas of insurance, both medical and casualty due to ever increasing. It seems medical costs in this country as well as some of the hurricanes and the weather that we've seen. So some areas there where we have -- and we'll likely continue to see some challenges with inflation. But the team is doing a good job of managing expenses and staying discipline particularly in the controllable areas. In our benefits associated with the improvements of the operational excellence are certainly going to be felt throughout the year. And we anticipate increasing over time. It is important to remember seasonality though, right? So Q1 and Q4 are certainly our lowest volume periods. And that's when it will show the highest percentage of SG&A in any given year.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So I guess I'll start and of course Chad can jump in. The components there in - I would say our expectation is more in the low-single digits increase particularly for single family. There is growth in the business. We've got, of course, a little bit of share that we think we've got a line of sight too. Perhaps a little bit of rounding in some of the number that you're doing the math on. But we think it's in the low single digit range. Reason for our confidence in that is really the performance we had in the fourth quarter for starters as well as the ongoing contact we have with our customers. The sentiment out there despite the headlines and we read them too. But the sentiment amongst the people on the ground is that a lot of what has concerned folks and has slowed people down has begun to abate. Interest rates have dropped a bit, the cost of lumber clearly has dropped a bit. And we think those encouraged homebuyers to get back in the game as things settle down a bit. The pause that we expected we think is just that pause and things will get back to a more normalized level or perhaps slower growth than we've seen in certain points in the past couple of years, still growth. So a lot of optimism out there and despite some lumpiness whether it be weather or a pause we saw a lot of confidence in the underlying demand.
Peter Jackson: Let's see. So I guess the first comment I'll make is regarding normal. I still think that 25% is a reasonable proxy for normal in terms of gross margin. We've talked about that in the past. I think that's still true. When we talk about comp and benefits, I don't know that I have a breakdown of the commissions as a percentage. I can tell you it's about half -- a little less than half of the SG&A variance for the fourth quarter. So it's substantial amount…
Peter Jackson: They were pretty flat. The only exception to that is where we've done work around our pricing optimization tools. We think that by managing and being a bit more disciplined in some of the tools we have we were able to drive for the year probably about $4 million worth of benefits in those initiatives and a lot of that was in the fourth quarter.
Peter Jackson: Yes. It's a fair question. There's certainly a deceleration in the growth when you look at the numbers on a consolidated basis, right? I'd say some markets are still very healthy, some markets have weakened on balance, it's a bit slower. There's still a lot of demand for the value-added product, right? There's – despite, again, all of the terrible headlines the demand hasn't really gone anywhere it's still there. And so the availability of labor the job sites being -- not having sufficient people on the ground are all still challenges for our customers. We still are seeing significant year-over-year increase in people investigating, expanding their use of prefabricated products. Whether it be trusses or panels or the better framing system. We are seeing that and enjoying the benefits of that. Gauging it on a quarter-by-quarter basis in terms of growth trying to align it with the overall market growth, it's a challenging thing to do from a forecast perspective. Probably fair that it would step back a bit from its heavier days last year when the overall market was growing at a high rate, but we still anticipate healthy growth through 2019.
Peter Jackson: Yes, sure. So we are looking that number for 2018. Still early days in a lot of locations, but really positive feedback from the users and those that have really adopted it and started to see squeeze some juice out of it have seen some really nice benefits on the bottom line. As you can imagine, it impacts both gross margin in the variable cost as well as SG&A in some of the overhead costs. We think that we saw -- and we from our analysis, we've seen about $2 million worth of benefit in 2018 from the delivery optimization tools, which is primarily the software that we manage as well as some other ancillary tools that we're using. We think that of course is going to grow as we get those locations implemented and then ramped up, sort of a two-phased approach for each location.
Peter Jackson: Of course. Yes I mean it's -- we think it's going to work on an adverse way as last year. The growth in commodities benefited us on SG&A as a percentage of sales when it was inflating. And as it deflates, it will go the opposite direction. We didn't add people for example when it inflated so we won't take people out when it deflates. But underlying that I think we're very pleased with the fourth quarter results. There were some skepticism if you recall Jay in the market about whether or not we'll be able to protect our margins in case of deflation, and whether or not we would see the outsize benefit in our gross margin percentages that we claimed. And I think our results certainly proved that we did what we said we would do. And so we'll manage through this year. There'll be some continued volatility commodities always manage to throw us a curveball or two. But I think we're very well positioned. We've proven our discipline and our ability to manage in both up and markets. And we're going to do that this year and focus on the operational stuff that we know we can control. And we'll focus on making money on commodities and keeping the business in line and being disciplined.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So to answer the second question first. It's about 75 total, 50 in Q4 -- 50-ish in Q4 and 25-ish in Q1. Yes. I mean, I'll make a couple of comments on the weather. I mean, first of all, definitely not a benefit. I'm assuming you were being facetious on that one. A lot of destructive weather, a little bit in the fourth quarter, more in the first. We -- candidly, we don't like getting into the weather reports, but you having heard other folks talk about it, it absolutely is real. Polar vortexes, blizzards, unusual snow in the Pacific Northwest, unusual rain in the Pacific Southwest. So it is certainly an interesting time. Yes, we've included the bulk of what we've seen so far. But I can't say tomorrow's weather pattern is focused in. We'll, have to respond to that, but we think it's pretty well baked in. Certainly, a lot of West Coast disruption, upper Midwest disruption. It's been problematic. But it is what it is.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So it's a good question. I mean, part of the reason for not giving guidance is because, depending on where commodities goes there goes my both EBITDA and there goes my working capital, likely in different directions. Same is true with single family starts. The rational for the change is, people got hung up candidly on that long-range plan presentation with regard to the accumulative cash flow and kept trying to lock back to -- so what year and what year. And our point in that is, really to emphasize a normal housing market has a significant tailwind from where we are today on our results. And over time, our performance -- improving performance really thinks back very well to that sort of 85%. Some use more, some use a bit less, but running in that 85% range historically and going forward for cash generation that we can utilize, right, to grow the business to pay down debt, continue to strengthen our balance sheet. So we felt that was a more appropriate way of talking about it, rather than a single dollar amount over a cumulative number of years. So that was a rational for the change. As we get into a full year guide, we can add that sort of list to providing to everybody that percentage for the year.
Peter Jackson: I would say, generally it is. But you have to account for the lumber volatility as of -- as an impact as well, right? And if you can tell me what my volume is and what commodities we'll do? I can tell you what my working capital impact is going to be.
Peter Jackson: We called that about a quarter of our CapEx, another quarter of the 1.5% we think will be focused on those categories that I think you are outlining there.
Peter Jackson: So, I guess, I can open it and then sure Chad will probably want to jump in. But the decisions about opening and closing facilities in the given year, yeah, we opened I think two this year and closed two this year. So, we're continuing to modify. We closed an operation in East Hartford Connecticut I think. And one in Oklahoma City, but kept others in Oklahoma City. We're constantly sort of looking for opportunities to take out businesses where the return isn't where we need it to be and add locations where we think either a greenfield or a product specific location might help about -- with regard to capacity. On the value-add side each line each type of equipment has certain capacity availability. And that's where we flex, right? If we got a location it starts to run up against capacity constraint, but has manual equipment, we can move that manual equipment out to another location and bring in automated equipment and add a bunch of capacity into a locale. A little trickier around the lumber side. Your footprint matters or things you can do to improve efficiency, but there is some real space constraints that will limit the amount of dollars you can put through a facility. And that falls into the decision-making. We go through regularly about where do we need to add either square footage or acreage in order to run the business. It is an ongoing decision. And it is one of the things that we've really started to analyze a couple of different ways, right? We, of course, manage it on an EBITDA basis, on an EBIT basis, but also we're looking at it on an ROIC basis in order to make sure we're making wise decisions from a more strategic perspective.
Peter Jackson: I would say -- to answer your second question first, no, we are not quantifying growth in that space largely because of our geographic exposure being in the Midwest -- in R&R and other, in the Midwest in southern California and up on to Alaska. Those are sort of concentrated areas at least in the Midwest perspective, a lot of uncertainty candidly with regard to the U.S./China trade and the impact on ag soybean's important in particular. And the resulting sort of hesitation by certain markets to really get aggressive in some of their sales and some of their investments. Southern California is I'm sure everybody knows very volatile market historically. That's proven true in the last couple of years as well, so I'm a little reluctant to call a ball on that market, as well. And then unfortunately, Alaska despite the beginning of the recovery in oil prices in the fourth quarter are sort of pullback a bit. So we are -- there is a bit more wait and see up there as well. So, I'd say those are all reasons for uncertainty, not reason for optimism at this point, but we're going to wait and see.
Peter Jackson: Generally what we've said in the past and I think it's true still now is it -- it takes about a quarter or two to work through inventory on the ground and the pricing arrangements we have with our customers. So, I would say given that price has started running back up in Q1. Q1 and Q2 is where you're going to see the vast majority of the impact.
