M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Floyd. Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, we have reflected pro forma adjusted figures to include ProBuild financial results prior to the closing date. Turning to slide eight; for the quarter, we've reported pro forma sales of $1.7 billion, which were flat compared to the third quarter of 2014. Sales volume grew approximately 7% in the homebuilding end market and 3% in the repair/remodel end market, which was offset 6.1% by the negative impact of commodity price deflation on our sales and 0.1% from closed locations. Breaking down our pro forma sales by key product categories excluding the impact of closed locations, manufactured products were $284.6 million, up 5% from $270.9 million in the third quarter 2014. Windows, doors, and millwork were $342.7 million, up 6%; lumber and lumber sheet goods were $554.4 million, down $34.3 million or 5.8% from approximately $558.7 million in 2014. From a product mix standpoint, our value-add product categories made up a higher percentage of overall pro forma sales. As our prefabricated components, windows, doors and millwork categories accounted for 37% of adjusted sales in the current quarter compared to 35% last year. Our lumber and lumber sheet goods declined as a percentage of sales from 35% in the third quarter of 2014 to 33% this year. Our other building products and services categories were relatively flat compared to last year. Our pro forma gross margin percentage was 25.9%, up approximately 160 basis points from 24.3% last year. Our gross margin percentage increased largely due to improved customer pricing, commodity price deflation, and a higher mix of value-added sales. Pro forma interest expense was $43.2 million, excluding certain one-time financing costs and normalizing for the incremental debt issued to finance the ProBuild acquisition. Pro forma income tax expense in the third quarter of 2015 was $1.2 million, compared to $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2014. Adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2015 was $34.7 million or $0.31 per diluted share compared to $15.9 million or $0.14 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter of 2015 was $113.6 million or 6.7% of sales, compared to $95.9 million or 5.6% of sales in 2014. This represents 18.5% growth on a year-over-year basis. We've provided an adjusted EBITDA reconciliation on page 10 of the presentation. Turning to slide nine, total liquidity at September 30, 2015 was $686 million, consisting of net borrowing availability under the 2015 revolving credit facility and cash on hand. We had $135 million in outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility as of September 30. In the third quarter, we paid down approximately $160 million on the 2015 credit facility subsequent to the acquisition close. Given the cyclical cash flow of our business, we do not plan on – to begin paying down our fixed or term debt before mid-2016. As I've stated earlier pro forma net interest expense was $43 million excluding certain one-time financing costs and normalized for the incremental debt issued to finance the ProBuild acquisition. Interest expense, as reflected in our GAAP financials in the quarter, included several non-recurring items. We have provided an interest reconciliation to provide a normalized or ongoing view of interest expense. I'll now turn the call back over to Floyd for his closing comments.
M. Chad Crow: I think, we'll continue to see strengthening in the truss and panel components. I would say by the end of next year, just kind of rough guess, we might be up as a percentage of total sales another 2%, something like that.
M. Chad Crow: I would say, of the 160 improvement, you're probably looking about 65 basis points of that was due to commodity price deflation, because we do get a tailwind from that. And then I would say – that leaves us 95 basis points. I would probably say, yes, two-thirds of that is more mix-generated.
M. Chad Crow: I think that the delay in construction is certainly impacting the cycle time. And so, I think, what you said – what you just said makes sense, because there is definitely an extended time now from a permit to a start to a completion.
M. Chad Crow: I think, you'll see volume growth fairly similar to what we saw this last quarter, but unfortunately, I think, with the deflation we're facing, that's going to wipe out a lot of the volume growth we get from a top line basis. So, I would say, it's probably going to be more the same.
M. Chad Crow: Right. From a gross margin standpoint, we – the commodity deflation that we have seen this year, as you know, provides a little bit of a margin tailwind although long-term we would certainly like higher lumber prices, and it's much better for business, and then EBITDA growth. So, I would say, if we continue to see flattening and improving commodity lumber prices, I would say from a gross margin standpoint, we're probably looking at something 50 basis points or so lower than the quarter we just had.
M. Chad Crow: But again – I'll take the short-term margin compression to get strengthening commodity lumber prices any day.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I think that's pretty close from an interest standpoint. Go forward D&A on a quarterly basis, you are looking at about $25 million of depreciation and probably $8 million or so of amortization. That looks like where the amortization and depreciation is going to shakeout after we do our step-up in our acquisition accounting.
M. Chad Crow: Just real quick to follow-up on Rob's initial question, I'm running about $305 million of the adjusted LTM EBITDA right now. So, we can go to the next question now.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. When you go through an extended period of lower prices it will start to impact your components as well.
M. Chad Crow: Nick, that's just such a soft number and you'd have to make a lot of assumptions in coming up with some calculations. As we've talked about before, we obviously do feel like there are revenue synergies, but to try to put a number on that, I just wouldn't be comfortable.
M. Chad Crow: We continue to look at ramping up their sales efforts on the truss and panel side, and looking at expanding some of the other product categories, for instance gypsum and roofing into the BFS side, but we're still so fresh into the acquisition that so far – thus far it's just been more discussions with the sales force and getting them up to speed on some of the newer products that they may be required to sell, but I would say so far that any progress has been minimal.
M. Chad Crow: Well, the business will be more seasonal now, obviously, with a greater presence in the northern regions. So, it will drag our results in Q4 and Q1 a little more than historically it would have at Builders. But, we do have a lot of the cost saves that we're going to be putting in as well. So, all-in-all, I think we're still going to be able to do a very nice job of mitigating a lot of the seasonality with some of the cost saving initiatives that we're going to put in place.
M. Chad Crow: I would say due to the seasonality, it will probably increase as a percent of sales, but with some of that being offset by the cost saving initiatives that we've put in place.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. The cost saves as they begin to take more effect will be positive, and then hopefully we'll continue to see strengthening in lumber prices, which obviously helps us lever our SG&A even better.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah, if you had a 10% change and everything else being equal and that 10% change being in effect for an extended period of time. You'd probably be looking on a combined company basis about a $35 million impact to EBITDA.
M. Chad Crow: Cash taxes will be close to zero. We're sitting on a fairly large NOL right now, and so in any given quarter, you may have $1 million or $2 million in cash taxes, it's going to be small.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. We continue to believe the long-term outlook for the housing industry remains positive. Our focus will be to leverage our national scale and sales capability to grow faster than the market, while maintaining a focus on improving overall profitability. By leveraging our sales expertise and national manufacturing capabilities, we believe our company is well-positioned to help homebuilders mitigate the impact of well-publicized labor shortages. Specifically, our value-added products provide alternatives to on job site construction and associated labor delays. I remain convinced that the combination of Builders FirstSource and ProBuild will create significant value for our shareholders and customers alike in the years to come. We're fortunate to now have the industry's largest professionally trained sales force, the greatest depth and breadth of products in the industry, and state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities. These strengths, our scale and the potential leverage provided by the synergy savings combines to make Builders FirstSource that is a greater than the sum of the parts. This combination represents important opportunities to enhance our growth potential. And, we expect to be further assisted by the continued recovery in the housing market along with the strengthening of lumber and lumber sheet goods pricing. I've never been more excited about the future prospects for our company, as well as our industry. In my travels over the last few months, I've had the pleasure to meet with so many of the great associates from ProBuild. I'm impressed with the exceptional pool of talent we have across our combined organization and I'm confident that we will together form the strongest team in the industry. I must thank all of our employees not only for all their hard work and dedication in making the integration a success, but for continuing to produce the solid financial performance that they have in spite of the many headwinds and distractions they've had to deal with. And now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah, we are continuing to see an increasing demand for our products. Certainly, the builders are much more receptive to the use of the manufactured components in the construction cycle. This goes for both single-family, multi-family, light commercial, and the – so, we're seeing a continued increase in interest as well as use of our products.
Floyd F. Sherman: You know, Rob, I would say the traditional markets that would use pre-fab more consistently would be kind of the Mid-Atlantic area, it's not a product that has over the years at least historically had a lot traction in Texas, but we are starting to see that pick-up. So I would say right now our plants at max – or not maximum, but at the most capacity utilization would be more in the Mid-Atlantic region, and then maybe some of the lesser utilization would be West of the Mississippi, right now.
Floyd F. Sherman: The struggle for us has been drivers, which has eased up a little bit. I would say the biggest issue for us right now is still truss designers. That's where we see the biggest labor shortage right now.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. I think, long-term, we certainly are looking to get that percentage over 40%. A lot of the percentage, if you look at it, is going to be how strong a recovery are we going to see in commodity pricing and what that does then to the mix, on a mix percentage, but certainly on a anticipated commodity basis, I would hope we're up closer to the 40% by the end of next year; 38% to 39%, I think, would be a number that we ought to be able to achieve.
Floyd F. Sherman: And then also the rest that we have seen, a conservative effort on the part of the sales force to improve their pricing...
Floyd F. Sherman: And as the market has expanded, we also have the ability to get better pricing. So, I think those are the – combination of those factors.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. And I think you've also got to look – continue to look at units under construction. So, that units under construction is really where the building process, where most of our products are starting to go on to the – to the job site. And then that flows through to a completion and a sale.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. Dallas-Fort Worth is still very strong. You are correct. In Houston, seeing some slowdown there. I think, through September in Houston, we're showing single family permits down around 3%. The biggest slowdown so far in Houston has been on the multifamily side, but obviously overall on a relative basis, Houston is still very strong for us. Maybe some softening in Austin and San Antonio, but from what I'm seeing all-in-all Texas is still a very strong market for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, at the end of the third quarter, we were on about a $30 million run rate. I think, by year end, we'll be close to $50 million. Best guess now of that $50 million, it would be about $15 million of procurement.
Floyd F. Sherman: Primarily, with the lumber and lumber sheet goods, we have seen a little bit of back-off in pricing on roofing as well as gypsum, but it's been very small, the rest of our products, we have seen some inflation. The – so, but the real effects of deflation are all centered around the lumber and lumber sheet.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think, it's strictly a matter of the manufacturers of – especially now in the lumber category to get their output close or match to what the demands of the marketplace is. I think, one of the things certainly that has affected our pricing here has been the fall off of the China market and that has caused the Canadian mills to push a lot more material down into the U.S. market and that has really contributed to some of the problems that we've had. The U.S. mills have done a better job from what we can see in trying to get their production matched up with the demand for housing, I think, a lot of people got way ahead of themselves. I think, some of the forecast for housing led to the mills adding additional shifts and adding people. And they were reluctant to, I think, back away from and absorb those costs that they had for starting up the increased production. OSB manufacturers have certainly done a much better job of getting their output in line with the demands of the market, and I think, we've seen 16 straight weeks of improving OSB pricing. That's very encouraging to us, and it looks like – we're all hopeful that we at least hold it and not start back, that we still have a long ways to go to get up to traditional levels of pricing. But I think that will come as the demand in housing continues to increase and the mills become – get better at matching up their output to the demands of the market, and a return of – and certainly a return of the China market will help pull away some of the excess capacity.
Floyd F. Sherman: The – you really probably should get that number from the Canadian sources, but from what we have been able to see, somewhere close to 30% of the Canadian lumber output was going into the China market. And what made it really a lot more difficult is that a lot of that material is lower grade material. And when that got cut off, they really pushed the number three grade into the U.S., because they had to have a place to go with it, and it really drove the pricing on number three to extremely low levels; half of what it was a year ago. And that was a real major contributing factor to the fall in lumber prices.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. I think, all of our focus really has been on retaining our sales force, retaining the customers. That's a – that was a very, very important part of the – of your first six months or so, and that's got to be stabilized and you want to make sure that your sales force is – has been retained, and that we haven't lost any bleed-off of customers to competitors. And after – once you're through that initial phase then you'll begin looking at how do you increase the sale of the value-added products throughout the organization. The – that is a longer-term proposition, but one in which we've been very successful in the past in Builders FirstSource, as has ProBuild. We've had a higher concentration of it in our mix, because there a lot more emphasis was placed on it and we'll do the same and that's going to be the direction as we go forward.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah, there's certainly – North Carolina and Florida continue to be very positive to our business. We've seen, from ProBuild, the California market is certainly showing some good strength this year. The Northwest, Alaska, again, we've seen improvement and good sales gains in those areas. So, I think it's coming from a combination of factors. Certainly the largest states that we do business with, as Chad has said, was Texas and the Carolinas, Florida; they certainly are the largest states.
Floyd F. Sherman: And I think we're going to continue to expand the value-add products. They are certainly the higher margin products for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. Our suppliers, I think, everyone is looking to have some increase in their price of the manufactures of products. I think we have shown and we have seen some of that certainly this year, and we've been able to pass those increases on, where in the past that wasn't the case, when vendors were increasing prices. But at the same time, we are really – we've already started working very closely with all of our suppliers and certainly the major suppliers, and showing them the attractiveness of our package and giving people the opportunities to look at increasing their involvement with the company, and hopefully we're going to see some benefits that spin out of that, at least that's what we're anticipating. So, all-in-all, I think we're going to see – we're going to see higher prices from the vendors. I think we're going to be able to pass it on. And but I – and I think we're going to be able to negotiate for ourselves some improved programs and so forth that will enable us to really help in the sale of those products. There's a lot of things that vendors can do to help you improve your share of the market and be more aggressive in the marketplace. So...
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. We – I certainly appreciate everyone joining the call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of the integration and our business initiatives in the months ahead. And if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give Chad or Jen Pasquino a call. And again, thanks and have a good day.
