Jennifer Pasquino: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Builders FirstSource second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today is Floyd Sherman, Chief Executive Officer of Builders FirstSource; and Chad Crow, President and Chief Financial Officer. A copy of the slide presentation referenced on this call is available on the Investor Relations sections of the Builders FirstSource website at www.bldr.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. Any reproduction of this call, in whole or in part, is not permitted without prior written authorization of Builders FirstSource. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, August 5, 2016. Builders FirstSource issued a press release after the market closed yesterday. If you don't have a copy, you can find it on our website at bldr.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may make statements concerning the company's future prospects, financial results, business strategies and industry trends. Such statements are considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Please refer to our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC and other reports filed with the SEC for more information on those risks. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. The acquisition of ProBuild closed on July 31, 2015, the closing date. As a result, ProBuild's financial results are only included in the company's GAAP financial statements from the closing date forward and are not reflected in the company's historical financial statements. We have, therefore, provided supplemental financial information of the combined company in this press release that is pro forma or adjusted to include ProBuild's financial results for the relevant periods prior to the closing date. The company will discuss these pro forma and adjusted results from this call. We have provided reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents in our earnings press release and detailed explanations of non-GAAP financial measures in our Form 8-K filed yesterday, both of which are available on our website. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Floyd Sherman.
Jennifer Pasquino: So specifically, the question was where are we on negotiating our procurement savings at the window and door manufacturers.
Jennifer Pasquino: So, Will, just to clarify. Is your question about our ability to grow with national builders and leverage the national scale...
Jennifer Pasquino: ...or is it more about value-added products and leveraging the kind of trusses, et cetera, across (62:33).
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings call. Before I comment on the business, I'd like to provide an update on the integration and progress against our cost savings, then I'll give a brief recap of the quarterly results and turn the call over to Chad, who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Let's begin our discussion on slide 5 with an overview of the progress that we've made on the acquisition integration and synergy savings. It's been a year since the acquisition of ProBuild closed. The cost saving opportunities we targeted of $100 million to $120 million are right on track. Synergies are being captured through network optimization, procurement and general and administrative costs with a breakout of about 20%, 30% and 50% expected for each area respectively. For 2016, we expect to realize an incremental $70 million in savings over 2015. These savings include $12 million to $14 million in projected procurement initiatives where scale improves our purchasing leverage, $7 million to $8 million in projected network consolidation savings and $48 million to $50 million in projected overhead and SG&A savings including benefit and 401(k) plans. We realized $22 million in the second quarter. This is before one-time cost to achieve these synergies which is estimated to be $30 million in 2016. We have successfully completed 46 conversions through Builders' proprietary ERP system with minimal disruptions or issues. We have created a more diversified company with enhanced scale and improved geographic footprint. Since the close, employee and customer attrition has been minimal. We are the leading distributor of lumber and building products to the professional building channel. And with our presence in 40 states and 74 of the top 100 MSAs, we are striving to become the supplier of choice for national homebuilders. Our national scale facilitates strategic partnerships with customers and suppliers. This allows for better customer reach and less exposure to any one market. With 24% of our sales attributed to the repair and remodel end market, we've also reduced cyclicality through broader sales exposure. The repair and remodel end market has proven historically to provide a more stable revenue base with strong growth profit margins and good returns. Now, turning to slide 6. Our value-added sales of manufactured products, windows, doors and millwork in the quarter increased 5.4% versus 2015. And mix in these products increased 80 basis points over the prior year. We believe our company is well-positioned to help homebuilders mitigate the impact of well publicized labor shortages and increased cycle times through our manufactured and value-added products across our national footprint. And we'll continue to focus on growing our value-added products faster than the overall sales. Before turning it over to Chad, I'll give a brief recap of our results for the second quarter. Sales were $1.7 billion in the quarter. This is an increase of 4% in sales volume as compared to last year excluding the impact of closed locations and deflation and we grew adjusted EBITDA by 16.5% or $16.5 million. EBITDA growth in the quarter was driven by our synergy cost savings initiatives. Sales fell short of our expectations largely as a result of weather in April and May and a continued construction labor constraints in many markets. Although our overall sales in the quarter were a bit lower than we had expected, our June sales were up 5.4%. Additionally, our integration efforts remain a major priority for the company, and the EBITDA contribution from these cost-saving initiatives are significant. As a result, I believe that we may be growing a little bit slower than the market as a result of the internal focus to deliver on the integration priorities. I am committed to putting these distractions behind us as quickly as possible to get back to growing the top line faster than market. Now in excluding the impact of deflation in closed locations, our single family new residential volume sales grew 4.1% in the quarter and 11.2% in the first half. Multi-family sales volume declined 3.2% and 3.5% in the quarter and year-to-date June respectively. Repair and remodel grew 7.3% in the quarter and 10.1% in the first half versus prior year. The Census Bureau reported national starts increased 7% in the second quarter 2016 and 13% in the first half from the single family perspective, while multi-family starts declined 10% in the second quarter, and 4% in the first half. Overall, our year-to-date volume growth is more in line with the market growth. I feel good about our sales despite weather issues in the quarter and ongoing construction labor constraints. And I'm confident in our ability to grow this business. I will now turn the call over to Chad, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. Turning to our outlook, I remain very positive about the future of our company. I believe our industry remains on a trajectory of solid growth. As Chad mentioned, our sales were shy of expectation in the second quarter. However, we saw a turnaround in June with 5.4% growth on a year-over-year basis. Oil-related markets continue to be a drag on our overall sales growth and we believe the overall multi-family market will continue to decline in the balance of the year. And as a reminder, multi-family makes up about 11% of our sales. To mitigate the impact of our top line, we're focused on growth with the national builders who are capturing share as well as leveraging the significant growth we're seeing in other areas. For example, we've experienced double-digit growth in the areas such as Pacific Northwest, Colorado, Utah, Idaho and Alabama; and near double-digit growth in South Carolina, Florida, Indiana and Wisconsin. Our company is well-positioned to be in the building supply company of choice for builders around the country, thanks to our geographic reach, enhanced product offerings, national manufacturing capabilities and superior customer service. Our focus will be to leverage our national scale and sales capability to grow faster than the market with a focus on profitable growth in value-added products. These strengths are scale and the potential leverage provided by the synergy savings combines to make Builders FirstSource an industry leader with significant opportunities to drive profitable growth. We will continue to create value for our shareholders and I attribute the success we've achieved in both the integration efforts as well as the strong results we have posted since the acquisition closed to all of our hardworking and dedicated associates. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think, Rob, the weather, I can't give you a real definitive number for the weather effect, but I can tell you it certainly was a major issue in Houston where we had over 20 inches of rain in one month alone. Certainly, that was our worst weather impacted the market area. I would say also the Mid-Atlantic area and sections in the Southeast in Florida were also very dramatically weather impacted. We really didn't try to put a dollar number to it but those are significant sized markets for us and we did lose significant days in being able to deliver products and certainly that weather, the biggest effect, is how it slows down the construction cycles trying to get the concrete work done, the slabs, pour foundation put in and so forth and it really also – not only in the single family side but it also created problem on the multifamily side. So, that's the best number I can provide unless...
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, we have, Chad, as you know, we have seen since the land started drying out, certainly our business in Houston has shown in July a very significant improvement, what we are seeing flowing into the first part of August. I'm very encouraged with what I see the bounce-back in Houston and in other parts of the Southeast including Florida. So, the weather delays things, but as Chad said, labor will continue to be a problem and it will continue to be constrained on homebuilding activity in total. But we don't lose business with weather, it just delays and pushes it out.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. No, we have seen, Rob, in the areas that are going through the consolidation of locations, the convergence or definitely a slowdown. And then it takes about 60 days to 90 days and then you begin to just really see the activity pick back up again. But in total, I have to say and I'm really – I guess when it came to budgeting and looking and projecting our sales, I really underestimated, I think, the diversion that it causes in management time. When you are changing the wages and salary, you're changing the benefit schedule, the health benefit, the insurance schedules. You're changing personnel alignment...
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. And then I was going to say that. Then you add on top of that, probably the most distracting element of all is the conversion on the ERP systems. It really takes the managers of the local location. They've got to spend a lot of time with their people, a lot of time focusing on getting the new policy, procedures and so forth in place. Now, they're also dealing with getting prepared for SOX compliance. And so more of their time is focused on taking care of these details rather than out there with the sales force and driving new sales and so forth. I really can't put a number on it other than we obviously in our management reviews and discussions with our people. It is an issue. I don't like to acknowledge it to a great degree because I don't want it to become an excuse. But very definitely as we – we are seeing the diminishing confusion or distraction as we're going forward, I think by the end of the year, we certainly will be through with all except for the computer conversions. But I just don't want to put a number on it but it definitely has been a distraction and a diversion from management attention to sales to a certain degree.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. And, Rob, we put a lot of focus on the conversion of our projected synergy cost savings and that we really told our people that was priority number one. You'd like to say priority number one, absolute without question, is sales. But we were looking at – we wanted to be able to convert $100 million to $120 million of cost benefit to this company and be able to accomplish it within a two-year period. And we damn sure have done it and our people have done it and there's a price to be paid for. I didn't – I underestimated very honestly and I had the experience. We went thought it in this company but this has gone far better than it ever did when we went through this process within the old legacy Builders FirstSource, but it's still nevertheless is – has certainly put some pressure on us.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. I think we – absolutely we've done a lot of verifying, we are not losing any customers. What we are losing is taking advantage of some of the new interest coming into the market and some of the expanding opportunities that may be available. Our sales to the national builders are really showing very healthy gains. Where we see, I think, less growth is in the smaller builder, the higher end, the more custom builder and that requires a lot of management attention and focus and that's where I think we're missing out on some of the new business. I think once we get over and especially once our operations have gone through the ERP and I would say, and I think Chad would agree with this, that that was the single most distracting event that you go through, but we are seeing noticeable sales improvements in 60 days after, 90 days after the conversions have been made. So, I feel very, very good about we've been able to build and hold with the customers. We have not seen or lost any major or even smaller customer and I feel very good about what we are going to be able to do on a go-forward basis.
Floyd F. Sherman: John, I think there are several factors that are driving the – are really great improvement in growth in the repair and remodel sector. I think, one, we've done a lot of showroom resets, updates to make our selling environment more favorable to both the small contractor and the contractors customers and to the walk-in trade. I think that's very, very important. There has been very little work done in the last few years under Fidelity's ownership to update and improve the showrooms and so forth. So, we have been very aggressive in that area. We will also hire. Our people have done a really good job in getting their internal people's focus on selling higher end products and getting us a favorable mix of high profit items being sold whether it's window, the exterior door units, the other specialty millwork and so forth. I think the – we've also been adding to the sales forces in those repair and remodel areas and I think that's really paying off. And it's all three of those factors. I think another thing that's driving it – can't prove it but in the strong Mid-Western markets, they are both agriculturally based and to a certain extent in a couple of states, the Balkan area, it's oil driven. Agriculture has been under severe pressure. The pricing of the farm commodities are much lower than they were a few years ago. And I think so, our people have seen from a building and maybe some more of the traditional parts of the market drying up. And so, they really put a lot of focus on attacking the repair and remodel sector. And we had people out in the fields actively working with the small contractors and earning his business. This contrast with the big box approach which is they expect everyone to come into the store. They don't really have people working the field and to the extent that we do and I think those – that's another thing, I think we are taking business away from the big box stores in the markets in which we serve. So I think that kind of sums up why I feel that we're getting the type of growth in this area.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. And I was going to say we – the – we have been able to attract people to our facilities. We certainly have the people available to meet expanded sales. But I can tell you I was talking with one of our people in a market – in a large market in Florida yesterday and we had a salesman who was also on the line. And he indicated he had eight framing packages that were sitting on the ground at the jobsite waiting for the concrete work to be put in. I can tell in our truss plants we battle this all the way through and beginning to shake loose now but the weather delayed the projects, labor delayed the projects to where we had the – we had the largest backlog of truss orders that we've ever had. And it's – we've had to be built ahead and we're waiting for those releases to come to the jobsite. And this is throughout our areas. So, labor had definitely impacted the jobsite activity which then rolls back. We certainly get some of that. They start once the – once their work is complete and they're getting ready to start the slab, but we're finding and I think we've added almost close to two months to the cycle time from the time we get to start to where we get a unit under construction which is where our materials really are sold into. So – and most of this is now – is labor-driven, that problem. I don't know if you saw a recent article in The Times where they indicated that U.S. had 570,000 fewer construction workers born in Mexico in 2014 than in 2007. But I will tell you, in this industry, a long time, there's always been – you're always confronted with problems, but you find a way to solve them. I will tell you the labor problems were acute last year and the year before, but we're building more houses, we are attracting more people into the construction fields. I think it's beginning to accelerate. I think it's also – we're seeing movement to our manufactured products, products that will take labor out of the jobsite once the work is done. The slabs being put in and I think the industry is solving its problems. I think we are going to still have tight labor going forward but we're going to be able to continue to grow the market. I think we're going to see 8% to 10% for the foreseeable future.
Floyd F. Sherman: Not impacting the demands because we're seeing the buildup of backlog especially in the manufacturing environment. Typically, where you're delivering the commodity-type products and other building materials; that is done almost on a day-by-day basis. So, we have the contracts to and we've had the commitments that we're going to be delivering future homes, but generally the builder won't release those orders until he thinks he can get that jobsite started. In some cases, they get fooled, they don't – really they get delays and so you get material out on the jobsite waiting for the comp – other trades to get completed with their work. But typically the builders don't want to see material out on the jobsite until it's ready to be used.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. We just have completed our door review and the assignment of – renegotiated the – with some suppliers, I think there we've made some territory changes and product changes. That just finished up. So, we'll begin to see the benefits of that on a go-forward basis. We're in the process with certain areas of our window and that won't be completed for a while. We also completed our engineered wood program. That was completed in the end of April, beginning of May. So, that's behind us and those are the biggest product areas.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. I definitely believe next year if you look into 2017, we will outperform the market. I think, largely, most of the distraction is behind us when we finish out this year and it's on a – I think it's on a diminishing tail right now. The computer conversions are going to be with us but we're getting, very, very good at that. We've got over 70 people on our conversion teams that are out there. We're adding to it all the time because we are really trying to accelerate the process but we – it's going far better than we had anticipated. And so, I think that's going to also be less of a distraction. So, 2017, I definitely believe we're going to outperform the market.
Floyd F. Sherman: Now, I think the pricing on gypsum and roofing, as you said, there were some increases on gypsum. We saw decreases on about a 100 basis point or so on roofing. But our sales on gypsum were most impacted in the Northeast where we had very, very, heavy amount of business that was going into multi-family. They think the New York metropolitan area, which we service, they saw a dramatic falloff in multi-family permits as well as starts. The roofing sales really are holding up. We're very encouraged. In fact, we're adding roofing to a number of our locations on a continual basis. But we're finding out that we can't compete very favorably in – with roofing with certain types of customers. And so, I'm very encouraged with what I see in roofing. Gypsum, I think, it's going to be tough the rest of the year. But still, we have a good group. I think they will make the best of tough situation.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. We definitely are expanding our business with the national builders. If you look at it on a year-to-date basis, our sales to our top 20, which are all national builders. We're up about 15.6%, 15.8%, something like that. We are expanding our offerings to the national builder now in more areas specifically, I will say, California is definitely opening up more and more opportunities for us with the national builder. We're doing things in California. We're looking to expand our facilities there. We're opening up our first California truss plant that will be in operation almost as we speak. And a lot of that is going to be directed towards the national builder, who is willing to utilize the component products. I want to point out when you asked about roofing, one of the key areas, I think, for future development for us will be – is to get into the roofing business in the state of Texas. We are currently not in and we don't sell roofing right now in Texas. So, we haven't been able to take advantage of all the hailstorms that we've had down here. And that has been really a significant boost to roofing sales. But in the future, we think we have a place to play in this arena. And we're investigating and looking at several of our locations to add roofing.
Floyd F. Sherman: We really appreciate your joining us on the call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of our business initiatives in the months ahead. And if you have any follow-up questions, don't hesitate to give Chad or Jen a call. And thank you and I am – just keep following us. We're going to be delivering you, I think, some very good future. And I feel very, very good about the prospects of our business and where we're headed.
M. Chad Crow: I would just add that as far as being able to catch up, I think there will be some catch-up in the back half of the year but we are still hearing a lot of complaining about labor shortages. And with that labor shortage out there, you cannot make up that construction volume in just a couple of months. I think we will start chipping away at it but I think it's just going to take some time.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. And I'll just add. When I look back on the last year on what we've accomplished, I'm just blown away at how well the people have responded. We are asking a ton of – everyone right now within the company. And they've stepped up and they've done a great job. Does it create some distraction? Absolutely. But I look at it as an investment for the future of this company. It's something we're going through now when we pass this in a couple of quarters and we're going to be bigger and stronger as a result of it. But just to Floyd's point, there's only so many hours in a day and we're asking a lot of folks right now.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. There's a lot of moving parts with that right now. When we go through our analysis and estimate the impact on sales, we would get – it's relative pricing, right, so it's – what was the average price this quarter versus same quarter last year. But we look at that on a two-month lag because that's the proxy for how long it takes for us to be able to reset our price with our customers and see that's starting to impact the top line. So when you look at it from that standpoint, we still had a slight amount of deflation year-over-year and that's largely because of the two-month lag. Now, the margin impact is obviously more tied to how lumber prices were behaving within the quarter. And so last year, prices were falling during the quarter which lowers our average cost of sales during the quarter against that fixed customer pricing and it creates a gross margin tailwind. That's what we saw last year. This quarter, we saw prices flat up during the quarter. And that can create some gross margin compression because your average cost is rising versus your fixed price commitments with your customers. Now going forward, prices still seem to be rising a little bit but we are able – we have been able to start resetting our pricing with our customers. And so we are starting to see the benefit of that improved pricing this quarter. Now, prices continue to rise during the quarter. That will compress margins a little bit. I haven't seen inflation to the degree that it's going to create significant compression. And I do think we're going to start seeing more of the procurement savings coming through in the third quarter which will help offset that. So, I think net-net, we will see gross margin improvement, probably 30 basis points to 40 basis points over the quarter just ended, Q2 of 2016. So, that's kind of the mechanics and what we were up against this quarter versus last year. Now, specifically, if you look at our gross margin on our lumber and lumber sheet goods category, that margin dropped about 300 basis points this quarter versus same quarter last year. So, that shows you the impact of – and the difference between the falling prices last year and what we were facing this quarter. That's about $17 million of lost gross profit dollars and we've been able to hold our margins consistent versus last year. So, it was significant. We knew it was coming. That's why we guided basically on a sequential basis flat gross margin. And that's exactly what we saw.
M. Chad Crow: And to your second part of the question, July sales, we have two less shipping days in July but on a sales per day basis, July looks like it's coming in right about the same sales per day cases we saw in June.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I do feel like we are slightly ahead of pace right now from the realization perspective. And I still feel very good about the range that we've given. And we have, quite frankly, uncovered a few extra nuggets along the way, which really didn't surprise me. So, I think at the end of the day, I'm pretty comfortable right now saying we're going to be towards the high end of that range. So, I don't think – the distractions, a lot of them are part of the process of achieving these synergies. I don't know if it's impacting the upside of the synergies as much as that this might be impacting some incremental sales growth we could had out there based on the distractions that they can create.
M. Chad Crow: Well, typically, you'll see a good flow-through or good gross margin dollar improvement. We pay salesman commission off of gross profit dollars, so that's going to be a variable figure to your incremental cost. But from an EBIT or EBITDA standpoint, we realized $22 million of total synergies in the quarter. There was $2 million or $3 million of that up in gross margin. The rest down in SG&A. There will be incremental synergy savings, I believe, in the third quarter versus what we just realized in the second quarter, which will obviously help our EBITDA flow-through. We've always said on the base business, our SG&A is typically about 65% variable to the changes in sales volume. I still feel good about that number. Now, when we get to the fourth quarter, we'll start lapping some of the synergy savings that we realized last year. And so, when we say $70 million realized for the full year this year, that's incremental to what we realized in 2015. So, I just want to make sure we don't double count that in the back half of the year.
M. Chad Crow: I'll let Floyd answer this. But I just want to clarify, this isn't in our labor. This is like the framers out in the field getting slabs for plumbers, HVAC, et cetera.
M. Chad Crow: The major items we have left is more in the area of back office type consolidation that will come as we continue to get more and more of the company on one ERP system and then realizing the remainder of the procurement savings. Those are the two big areas left. The ERP conversion, they're going far better than I ever could have dreamed. The field has been very pleased with the conversion teams that we have out there helping them. So, as we continue to get more of the company on one system, we'll be able to streamline back office functions. And we're also in the process of shooting for a 1/1/2017 go-live date on a new payroll HR system that will create some additional efficiencies and then the procurement. Once we get to January 1 of next year, it's really just the continued ERP conversion, the blocking and tackling there. And it just takes time to plow through those markets and then, wrapping up the procurement savings. I think by the end of the year, first quarter next year, most of the SG&A savings will have been realized. And beyond the two-year mark we've talked about before, it's going to take longer than that two-year mark to get through the ERP conversions. And so, as we continue to get more and more those behind us beyond that two-year mark, it will create additional largely SG&A efficiencies. That's not included in the $100 million to $120 million that was our two-year target. But I do think as we get more of the company on that one system, then, there'll be some additional efficiencies we can realize beyond that two-year mark.
M. Chad Crow: Very heavily impacted by the decline in multi-family side, also the – some commercial construction. And as the volume – as the activity in those areas come down it also starts getting to be more price competitive. And so, I think it's a combination of those two things. But very clearly, the multi-family – the decline in multi-family has really impacted those products for us.
M. Chad Crow: No. You didn't miss anything. I've given some gross margin guidance. You have some pretty good color on synergy realization and variability of SG&A. I think that the last piece is really what are sales going to do at the back of the year. And I think we all have our estimates on what single family will do. I just think you need to keep in mind the mix of our business now. We're 65% single family. We're 10% multi-family and like commercial, and about 25% R&R. So, our thinking is multi-family is probably going to continue to be down year-over-year at the back half of the year. And I think R&R is probably going to settle in at somewhere around 5% growth. And so, when you look at the mix of those businesses, those two are going to kind of offset each other. We'll get about 1% sales loss on multifamily on a consolidated basis and R&R would put us up 1% or so on a consolidated basis. So, it really boils down to your outlook on single family and keeping in mind that we're 65% driven by single family. So if you just want to do some high level assumptions at 8% growth in single family, 10% decline in multi, and 5% growth in R&R, that should put us somewhere around 5% growth in sales, everything else being equal. No share gain, no share loss. We should see a little bit of a lift from commodity price inflation at the back half of the year now that we're getting our pricing caught up. So – to put a stake in the ground right now on EBITDA guidance, I'll just – it's just too early in the quarter and I'm just not prepared to do that right now.
M. Chad Crow: From a regional perspective, I'm assuming you're talking to sales in general from a regional perspective.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. As Floyd gave some color earlier, we have some markets that were very strong this quarter: Colorado, the Pacific Northwest, DFW still very strong, areas in the Southeast strong, Florida's got some great markets going right now. The weaker markets were obviously the ones impacted by rain, Houston, the Baltimore, Washington, the Mid-Atlantic specifically. And then those that are starting or those that are driven more by the whole economy. If you were to group the – what I would say the more oil-driven markets that we're in, that was about a 2% drag on our overall sales just to give you some perspective on what those markets did. They were selectively down about 12% year-over-year. And so, offsetting that obviously was some of those stronger markets that we look at or that we discussed a moment ago.
Michael G. Dahl: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, Floyd, Chad. A lot of helpful commentary there. So appreciate that.
Michael G. Dahl: I wanted to go back to your response to some of the earlier questions around the integration and see if we can frame it slightly different way because despite some of these diversions, as to your point, or the synergies certainly seem to remain on track. And the timing seems to remain on track. So I'm just curious if some of these issues have been limited to some of the upside you would have seen to your synergy targets previously or if it's – this is just – there's just some delays and there is still potentially some opportunities beyond what you've already outlined.
Michael G. Dahl: Okay, makes sense. And then final question, just relating to that comment on July sales per shipping day, could you help us or give us a little more context for – is that normal seasonally, is July typically higher than June on a sales per day basis? Is it typically lower? Just anything you can do to help us frame that performance.
