Dave Flitman: Great question, Mike. This is Dave. We're excited about the balance sheet, as you point out. And as you heard Peter say, we have a lot of opportunities to invest capital inside the company to support our growth. I love a lot of things about the culture of the 2 companies. The millwork business that we have combined, the trust and offsite component manufacturing. Both companies were investing heavily in those. We will continue to do that, including automation of our facilities. You'd heard me talk at BMC about that over time. Chad and Peter had also talked about that. So a very good alignment around that. And as you think about just from a legacy BMC standpoint, the 150 locations, which are now 550, I get excited about that. I get excited about things like READY-FRAME penetration. And the opportunity to take that across the country and 3 times the number of facilities that we have. So a lot of exciting internal investment opportunities. To your point around M&A, we've got one of the strongest balance sheet here inside the industry. And that wasn't by accident, as you know, from both legacy companies' perspective. And you heard me say in my comments, as excited as I am about our platform and our growth potential, we still have a relatively small share. And this, this industry remains highly fragmented. As Peter said, we've got a strong M&A pipeline. And we're 57 days into the integration. So we've got a lot of work ahead of us here. But you will see us continue to be an aggregator in this industry over time because there's a lot of opportunities to do so, and we're well positioned for that.
Dave Flitman: Great question, Matt. And I'll just say to Peter's comments earlier during the prepared remarks, there's been an increasing challenge here to go from start to completion based on what's been going on in the supply chain. As you look at lumber, we just talked about lumber, OSB is as tight as it's ever been, even getting windows and doors, and we've all talked about a lot of those challenges in the past. And the result of that has been just extension of the time from start to completion of the home.  Now having said that, we're projecting starts in the mid upper single-digits. We are going to capture absolutely as much of the core organic growth that can possibly be had here. We're well positioned for it. Our customers have large backlogs, which underscores the confidence that Peter outlined in terms of our performance throughout 2021 and even into 2022, given the reality of where we are in the market. And many of these product categories not improving from a capacity standpoint anytime soon. So we've got a lot of confidence in our performance. As you've seen, you heard Peter talk about double-digit core organic growth here to start 2021. And we're going to outperform the market regardless of what's going on.
Dave Flitman: A great question. I'm excited about it. As you watch both legacy companies performed here over the last couple of years, you saw continued penetration in leading the market down the value-added path. And I think in large part, driven by the needs of our customers. They're continuing to look for ways to get more efficient and productive, and that plays perfectly into our value-added offerings. And I think that was only exasperated here in the past 6 to 9 months based on the strength of the market, some of the supply chain challenges. So these builders need to get more effective of what they do, and we're pleased to have the offerings that we do. So we expect continued strong organic growth and penetration of the markets and especially in markets that haven't historically been a component market. We think the time is right now, labor constraints are still very real, and I think we'll continue to fight those sort of challenges. And to your question around what to expect going forward, I think we've talked about our first priority here going forward is to invest in the strong growth opportunities that we have inside the company. And I'm not any more excited about any of that than on our value-added offerings, including READY-FRAME. And so that's what I think you can expect going forward, which is a lot more of the same and the wherewithal to continue to accelerate that growth.
Dave Flitman: Yes, great question. And I can talk about READY-FRAME for a long time because in legacy BMC we were continuing to invest in it, and we're excited about the growth, which, as we've talked about over the past couple of years have been from a house penetration standpoint in the double-digit growth arena. I would just tell you, in legacy BMC in the fourth quarter, that house penetration was nearly 20% as we continue to grow strength and momentum. And really exciting part about READY-FRAME and that investment to your question is it's a relatively minor investment. We're talking about saws and some computer aided design and capability. But it's a relatively minor investment to extend that across the markets. And it is in large part driven by the know-how of our people, right, to not only design the homes and put that in a READY-FRAME model, but also how we deliver it to job sites and unload it in a way that's very effective for the framer, so they can do their work most efficiently. So a minor investment as we expanded to new markets, and we will continue to be aggressive at doing that.
Dave Flitman: Yes. Thanks, Keith. And as I mentioned, we've got -- -- Trey, sorry about that. We've got 9 work streams on our transaction here focused on integration. And one of those is growth, as you might expect. And we talked about READY-FRAME, that we're seeing a lot of opportunities. And as we talked about when we announced the deal, one of the exciting parts about the deal is the fact that we will have a broader offering. And even in the local markets where we're individually very strong, one of the other legacy companies might have been stronger in millwork versus components. And as we brought this thing together, we're very excited about half in that full breadth of offering across the footprint. So we're seeing a lot of opportunities like that in terms of growth potential across our value-added segments with several others. But it's early days. The team is working hard on it, and we're very excited about it.
Dave Flitman: Yes, we do. There's certainly been enough increases across the board from different vendors that I think to think otherwise would be misinformed. There are a lot of reasons for it. Some of it is inputs. Some of it is cost of doing business. The other is, I think, just the recognition that we're chasing a nice strong number and capacity in the market is struggling to keep up, so people are trying to balance that price capacity, that price volume metric. But it's certainly something that we -- I won't say we're happy about, it's part of what we do. We perform well in markets with strong pricing. So we are participating in that. We're making sure we stay disciplined about it, communicating with our vendors where we think it's maybe out of line. But for the most part, trying to be supportive to make sure we have an industry that can grow and continue to respond to the demand.
Dave Flitman: Hey, Trey, good and important question. Let me start, and then I'll flip it over to Peter. But I think for a number of reasons, I think the lumber questions here are starting to become less and less important, especially in our combined company. First of all, as we've talked about, we're both expert in managing through this cycle. And as you heard us say earlier, we're real confident in our ability to do that regardless of what the market throws at us. And a lot of the things that we talked about that we're excited about here being -- having the largest footprint in our industry. Here a broadest portfolio of products. The geographical reach with 550 locations, 85 of the top 100 MSAs and importantly, as you look at our millwork and components business, that's more than $5 billion of the combined company revenues right now, and they're the fastest-growing in the company. So linked back to our strategy, growing those value-added components will be an important part of how we grow the company and how we continue to improve profitability, not that lumber won't be an important part of what we do, and it always will be. But it's going to have less and less of an impact than what we do over time, right? And so I just want to get everybody's head calibrated. That's one of the most exciting parts about this merger. And I would just say, we've got to stop thinking about what we're building here as a lumber distributor, right? We are a growth company and a fast-growing one at that. And I think time will prove that out as we go forward and drive this growth in areas that are non-commodity related. But Peter, go ahead.
Dave Flitman: Yes, we can tag the team. I mean as you point out, that Reuben, I mean the average square foot of the home has continued to fall. And I think that's accelerated over the past couple of years just based on the entry-level or first time step up buyers. I think we're somewhere around 2,300 square feet at this point for the average home size. But as you've heard me say in legacy BMC, I don't really get concerned about the size of the home as long as it continues to fuel growth, right, in the industry. And I haven't met a start. I don't like yet at this point. So as long as that holds up and continues to fuel growth, we're going to continue to penetrate with our value-added offerings.
Dave Flitman: Well, as you rightfully point out, I mean it's early days, right? But as we talk about that growth work stream earlier, we're excited about it. We see nothing as a deterrent in that. We've not had pushback. And in fact, our customers are equally excited about our combined offering in a lot of these markets. And so time will play out. But we're excited, see no roadblocks, and we think the future is very bright to continue to penetrate those markets with our offerings.
Peter Jackson: And exactly right, the work that we've been talking about over the past few years on pricing management and training within the organization. I think it was true in BMC, just like it was for BFS. It really has come into play as you've seen such dramatic increases in the price of commodities, right? Our ability to react has gotten better. Our disciplines around the management of that has gotten better. And I think you've seen that in the gross margin results. I would also say that there's some truth to the idea that a move that dramatic has forced everyone in the industry to take stock of pricing more aggressively, right? I mean you're -- this isn't something you could ever hope to protect your customer from when you're up 100-plus percent in some products. So certainly a respect for the need to change pricing quickly and we participated in that. And I think we did, as you mentioned, far better than usual as a combination of those 2 factors. As for the long-term estimate, you're right on. We did revert to a long-term average. There's certainly a lot of debate about whether or not there's going to be a new normal. I think that's fair. There are some legitimate questions out there. But at the end of the day, the game of prognosticating commodity prices is not one we really like to participate in. We've proven an ability to make money on the way up. We've proven an ability to make money on the way down. And for us, we think, a modest forecast on normalization in the back half of the year is just a smart and prudent way to communicate the business. And we're just excited about the core, but we think we've got a great platform here and the growth we have for the year looks really fantastic.
Peter Jackson: And like you said, the comps do get more challenging in the back half of the year, but I just want to reiterate, our assumptions around both commodities and single family starts are but our attempt to give you a modest and reasonable, a thoughtful look at what we think the market can do, given the dynamics at play. If the market does better than that, we're going to do better than that. No hesitation in saying that. We're just trying to give you what we think is a thoughtful view. We're certainly very bullish on the overall strength of demand. This is not a demand commentary. We think consumers are strong. Trends are solid. We like what we're seeing, and that's sort of the hint you saw for 2022. The inability to deliver on the products that demand is asking for. Is really just an extension of the build cycle, and we think that bodes very well for us and for the industry.
Peter Jackson: Yes. No, that's a great question. It's been a difficult time, obviously, not just for us, for the whole state. We had some interruption. As you might imagine, we had some shutdowns. The initial read is that it's probably around $40 million in sales that were delayed as a result of those shutdowns. We'll see how it plays out through the rest of the quarter. For a company of our scale, obviously, that's not material, but it's impactful to the folks in the state. So we've done some work with our employees to make sure we're supporting them and those that were impacted, and we're continuing to bring all of our facilities back up and candidly, they're running quite well. Now as you can imagine, there's a lot of pent-up demand. There was any way in a very, very busy market and they're rolling hot right now. It's fun.
Peter Jackson: That's a great question. I don't know we've ever broken that out before. I don't have it handy on me.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean we generally talk about it is about 70% variable. So most of that cost moves with the increasing and decreasing volumes. It's a bit less than that when we talk about the commodity influence component of growth, but certainly, the bulk of what we do is moved by the volumes.
Peter Jackson: Yes, yes. And as we finish the purchase accounting, we'll have some updates for you on sort of what the dollars are going to be in those buckets. But as it stands, that's still a work in progress.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So that 12% to 13% is not familiar to me. Maybe that was on the BMC side. The number we've used in the past is closer to 8% to 9%. That's a number that includes the receivables, inventory and payables amounts. Now obviously, that's gone down over time. And we'll move as we look at the valuation of commodities in the current numbers. But just as a rule of thumb, that 8% to 9% as an incremental percentage vis-à-vis sales is the right way to think about it.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yes. So the -- generally speaking, we talk about the fall-through on our incremental sales in that 12% to 15% range. Obviously, you'll see certain movements that will go above or below that. But there's a good rule of thumb for how our business grows over time. So that fall through, as you see the expansion, both in the underlying volume and in the commodities throughout the year, this year will fall through, and you'll see that gross margin then translate as we talk about the volume -- impact on SG&A will translate down into that EBITDA number. So to think about it more broadly, we like high prices. As a distributor, this is certainly a very good season for us, if you will, in terms of the prices we're seeing and the growth, the leverage of our business is quite strong, as you can imagine. So that's the reason that's driving that fall-through to those very high numbers. We also do expect to see an increasing generation of synergies throughout the year as well as an increase in generation of productivity savings and improvements throughout the year. I don't know if I would say it's a straight-line increase, but for the purposes of this discussion, that's a reasonable way to look at it.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I think it's far more the latter. The demand is so strong. The problem is our ability to build the homes that people want as an industry. So while there could be on the edges, some headwinds, but framing really isn't anywhere near an important part -- an important part of the cost of the home as many other factors. So sure, there's a component there is inflation in a couple of other areas that in the long term, may drive demand down. But at this stage, I'm not sure we're going to be able to see it and as time passes, I think we'll be able to fix some of the constraints in the industry that will normalize that as well, which I think will then feed back into a stronger demand profile as well.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Well, I mean, like I mentioned, it's still a work in progress, but a pretty substantial step-up on the purchase accounting, as you can imagine, right? That will burn off over a few years. But as it relates to the valuations that we'll do as part of that purchase accounting, we'll see a pretty substantial step up.
Peter Jackson: Yes. You know what, that's a fair question. We do anticipate seeing increasingly difficult comparisons as you get through the year, right? You're looking at the beginning of the year last year, pretty modest numbers across the board. And by the end of the year, looking at record commodities, record starts, a lot of records in there, which have been pretty fun, I could admit. But yes, the comps will get harder in the back half of the year. The real question is what happens with commodities and starts. There's the numbers that we've got laid out here would indicate some tough comps, but if things stay elevated, it will stay good. But overall, the year looks great, a lot of confidence in both the overall industry and our performance.
Peter Jackson: Yes, no, great point. And we're -- we do pretty well at lumber too which is, I think the right way to think about it, right, maybe will be the core of where we're headed, but we do well at it. And the short answer to your question, Trey, is you're right on. It is going to be a really nice tailwind if it stays high, based on the guide that you would get because the math will show, right? You got a first half growth, second half headwind. If you look at just the math of the commodities, I mean, you take away the second half headwind, that's a great story. We'll look forward to enjoy that business, if you're right.
Peter Jackson: Yes. And I think what you might be alluding to is the rumor and the rumblings that people are -- that might turn, right? We're seeing folks that are more committed to the homes that they're sort of stuck in, right. So they like it a little bit bigger, they want that office where they can close the door, for example. So there's, I think, reason to believe that we may see the end of that shrinking of the home. I've seen no data yet, but I think it's reasonable to think that's a real thing. And that will just sort of take away one of the little headwinds we were seeing in the industry and be a stabilizing factor. To Dave's point, though, we could still see an average decline just because I think the growth of the single-family starter home has been so strong, which is great for us, right? It's just a win for everybody.
Peter Jackson: Yes. We've got a really nice position, like you said. Our debt, as the leverage ratio based metric is quite low. We feel very good about the strength of our balance sheet and tend to maintain that as a priority. Moving into the investment opportunities, Dave alluded to it, and I think we all feel good about it. As we get to the cash generation point in our year we’ll have gotten through a lot of the initial stress of the integration and be in a stronger position to really be aggressive on some of those M&A opportunities that are out there, we really like the portfolio. I think we have a lot of runway in front of us to consolidate the industry. And the short answer, if for whatever reason, all of those things don't use up the cash. Sure, the options are open, right? You've seen both companies buy back shares in the past, and we'll look at it. But right now, we feel like we've got -- the sites are full with great targets.
Peter Jackson: Yes, I don't think the commodity is strong enough to skew sales from second half to first half. I think, I mean, second half is historically stronger, so I think we should continue to see that. I mean the answer on the commodity capacity question, it's a good one. I mean, I'm up 2 minds, right? On one hand, some capacity coming online doesn't appear to be enough to pull the rug out from under it. But the counter to that argument of sort of bullishness on prices is that historically, this is not an industry that's held price. Just isn't. So I don't know that I want to be the guy to put my foot down and say, yes, this time, it's different. I haven't seen any evidence to prove that. So we're going to continue to put that sort of modest sort of reasonable number out there. And if it's better, then it will be good.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean, in context, multifamily is about 6% of our business. So it's pretty specifically focused on certain geographies and certain projects. There is a bit of exactly what you described, projects that sort of are concluding, and the pipeline will still good. Looks to be maybe not as much of a positive a contributor as it was last year where the team really sort of did a really nice job of expanding our capacity, that gets a little harder in this environment. I think we've all seen multifamily struggle a bit. We feel good about the business. We think there's still a growth opportunity there, but just sort of line of sight thinking it’s going to moderate a bit.
Peter Jackson: Yes. You nailed it, that's a great question. The short answer is our business being distribution based is going to generate a tremendous amount of cash as sales decline, and that includes the value of commodities and any sales decline associated with that. So certainly do expect, given our stated belief or stated forecast, rather, that the commodity prices are going to come down. There is a component in there. It's unfortunately, it's a little bit hard to put your finger on it. But to put it in context, we talked about the increase in working capital usage in 2020. And being about $260 million in our prepared remarks. So just to kind of put it in context that, that's directionally the types of numbers you'd expect to see when extrapolating that to the larger entity for a full switch back to sort of historical.
Peter Jackson: Yes. You -- I think you've been peaking into my ops reviews. So that's a good one there. We've got obviously a lot of facilities around the country right now that are focused on meeting the increased demand. A couple of factors there, obviously, hiring, being an important one, making sure we're running all the ships we can, utilizing equipment fully and in markets where even that's not enough, making sure we're bringing in the increased capacity on the equipment side that we need. So we talked a little bit earlier about the ability and the willingness and the desire to invest in organic growth for the company. That's the sort of tip of the spear, right? It's how do you react to make sure you've got the right trust equipment, door machines, saws, computer equipment to be able to chase that expanding use of value-add while continuing to invest in the trucks and the core operations that we need. But you're absolutely right. We're focused on making sure we're reacting in those markets that are white hot to have the capacity that we need. And it's a high-quality challenge, right, a high quality problem.
Peter Jackson: I don't know if I can point to a specific driver. I think you might be just seeing the impact of multiple variables and low end of the range. Commodity is absolutely growth in various regions and the variables we put around that. So I don't know that I have a hard answer for you.
Peter Jackson: That's right. Yes. We generally tell everyone that the best proxy for our long-term growth is that single-family starts metric, and it's true. The challenges with an extension of that build cycle, you start to get a little bit of wiggle, right, that look is coming and it’s a little harder to draw the line. So we just wanted to point that out everybody to say it's still the right number, but it will extend the time that we'll be able to enjoy the upside if that expansion of homes under construction continues out for a while, we think that that’s going to happen. So '21 into '22 and then as things -- as we expect, continue to be strong, that gives us a nice runway. So yes, you're right.
Peter Jackson: So one of the things that has been a discussion in both fixed-price contracts and the appropriateness of them in light of the market and the market dynamics. Our observation is those appear to be falling as a percentage of the total, just given the way the market has evolved over the years. There's certainly something that, as you can imagine, we manage very closely to make sure people are living up to their commitments. We live up to ours as a partner in this industry. We've got the financial wherewithal to do what is right, no matter what, but also making sure that both sides are living up to it. So that's something we're careful with. But more broadly, it's about the relationship with the customer and working with them in a way that's obviously good for the end customer and mutually beneficial and watching the evolution of the industry, it appears that, that is something that's declining overall, but still an important material part of our business.
