Dave Flitman: Thanks Peter. In summary, demand in single-family housing remains exceptionally strong, and we continue to capitalize on this positive trend by ensuring we meet the needs of our customers, both today and in the future. The BMC integration continues to progress extraordinarily well, and our realization of cost synergies is a year ahead of schedule. Looking forward, we remain focused on executing our strategy of investing both organically and through M&A to continue to align our portfolio with high value and faster growth categories while simultaneously improving efficiencies, productivity and our digital capabilities in the value chain. Our future is bright, and our ability to execute and our hunger to innovate have never been stronger, and we will continue going above and beyond for our customers and partners to provide best-in-class homebuilding solutions. With that, Sarah, let’s open the call for questions.
Dave Flitman: Yes. Reuben, as I mentioned in my comments, we’ve been in contact with our customers quite regularly. And almost without exception, you’ve seen them kind of slow the starts for this year with the intent of pushing demand into next year. And almost to a person, they said this is the strongest environment they have operated in many through their careers. Given the state of the demand which is much, much different than it’s been in a very, very long time, interest rates, we expect the continuation of what we’ve seen this year into next year. And I’d also point out, our focus on our value-added portions of our business are just continuing to gain momentum. And I said it in the script, and I’ll say it again, I’ve got confidence in our ability to continue to drive growth and take share in any market environment.
Dave Flitman: Mike, this is Dave. We had both legacy companies, as you know, had strong underlying momentum and a strong focus on manufactured components for a long time. And both of us, we’re continuing to gain share. When we put this team together, we knew, particularly in overlap markets, there will be increased opportunities for us to accelerate that growth, both internally based on what we were doing with our assets and where we saw opportunities to extend capacity, which has been very tight in some markets where we’ve had rapid adoption. But importantly, continuing to convert customers at a higher rate. Those new customers, what I would say more importantly and probably more impactfully, is accelerating growth with customers we’ve already had relationships in certain geographies and our merger helped them get more comfortable in accelerating and extending that across their footprint.
Dave Flitman: Sure. Happy Birthday, Matt. We appreciate you spending your Birthday morning with us. I think, you ought to get a bigger size piece of cake for that.
Dave Flitman: Well, the internal piece – I appreciate the question – the internal piece is something internally that we feel strongly about where we can gain some efficiencies, and just we are internally today have very manual processes as we go from design to estimating for our customers. And there are two key things that are going to help us accelerate towards that $1 billion. And obviously, these are early days, and we still have a lot to figure out. And, by the way, we haven’t closed the transaction yet. But in our early thinking, we see opportunities to extend their platform more broadly across our customer base, which Nathan and his team have done a great job to get the customers that they have gotten, but we just got a bigger platform in the ability to scale that. But if you think also about long-term, being able to automate our design and takeoffs and actually provide our customers with an estimate of our full capability, including our manufactured components and READY-FRAME and even further down our millwork capability, which is at the core of what Paradigm does today, we just see that ability and the ease with which we will be able to do that over the long-term, being a great value proposition for our customers and the ability to get our value-added products in front of them in a more seamless way.
Dave Flitman: Yes, there is a lot in that. Let me try to unpack it a little bit, and then I’ll have Peter come over the top with any further color. But I am confident in our ability to continue to expand that margin over the long haul. I think to your last question, no, I don’t think there was any outsized impact based on lumber in that. And as you think about our core business, and as Peter highlighted, 43% of that today roughly is our value-added areas. With the growth that we see, the continued improvement in mix, we just accelerated our synergy capability here. We’re going to capture that over the next 6 to 12 months. And in addition to that, you think about our ability to drive operational excellence in this combined company, which we’re just starting to think about and get after over the long haul. We see the ability to continue to improve our margins over time. So it’s a combination of growth and internal work that we see going on that will continue to enable us over the long haul to expand those margins.
Dave Flitman: Yes. I would say we saw a little acceleration in our organic growth there from Q1 to Q2, which kind of reflects what Peter just highlighted. But our teams are just doing a tremendous job to get product for our customers. And as I mentioned, we have heard from our builders, they have slowed starts. It’s not a demand problem. The reason those starts have been slowed is exclusively because of the challenges that they have had around labor and materials. And we are doing our best to satisfy those needs on both fronts.
Dave Flitman: Yes. We are excited about that. I made a couple of comments there in the script about that as an opportunity. We had a relatively small footprint in the states, as you know, half a dozen or so locations. They have got great capability on the component side, which we are excited about, but they have not had the millwork opportunity, and we are very strong in millwork, as you know. And so we will see how quickly we can get that ramped up. The team is excited about it, both the Alliance team as well as our team. And we will get after that one as quickly as we can. There is obviously a clear need in that market, given the growth that they are experiencing. And so we are excited about that.
Dave Flitman: I don’t think it materially changes it. And we are doing both. We are investing quite heavily in capabilities on value added, both in the millwork side and the component side as we see a long runway there of adoption and growth in the markets. And we are still looking in the markets to understand where it makes sense for us to augment our capability through the right M&A, which may help us expand our geographic footprint in the local market. And so as we have talked about both on our capital allocation and just our overall strategy, we are going to continue to do both.
Dave Flitman: Yes. We are excited about it. We think both the top and the bottom line will continue to grow over time. We are not going to project that this morning, Trey. But I will promise you we are absolutely focused on it. That is the focus of this company right now, our base business our value-added capabilities. We are going to grow it. We are going to continue to improve profitability, and we are going to invest in it.
Dave Flitman: Yes. The exciting part about it is we have seen that expansion and growth broadly across all the geographies. So, there is not one that I would point to that would be outpaced strong. Obviously, the strength that we have in the South and in Texas, a kind of leads the way, but as we have gained adoption and accelerated penetration, it’s really broad based.
Dave Flitman: No, it’s a challenge. We were spending – as I mentioned earlier, we have been spending quite a bit of capital to increase our capacity in key markets. In addition to that, we are driving productivity and efficiencies to just gain any incremental capacity that we can. I think, given the strength of the market and the adoption rate of what we are seeing. We are going to fight that for a bit, but we are not losing sales today because we can’t supply. The challenge, as Peter talked about earlier, has been in some of the upfront supply chain challenges and just getting materials. We are not the bottleneck currently, but it’s something that we have got to be diligent about and stay on top of.
Dave Flitman: Yes. Now, I am thrilled about a lot of things, but the results that you are seeing in the value-added areas of the business. As I said earlier, were exactly what we envisioned and hope for, and it’s great to see that playing out. Our organization is focused on it. We are continuing to provide innovation. We are continuing to invest in that part of the business. And as I said, we have got a long, long runway ahead of us.
Dave Flitman: Yes. I mean, very good question. And as I have just said, that clearly is the focus of the organization in our value-add. We have seen great adoption. I think I commented earlier that we are seeing really good adoption with customers who have had experience with our value-added capabilities in one geography or another, or maybe a few and are gaining more confidence based on what they have seen in those markets around what our value-added capability can do – can do to help them both with labor challenges and drive outpaced efficiencies at the job site. So, we see a long runway here over time. And the other thing I would say and I think I said this in my prepared remarks, a disproportionate amount of the new homes being constructed are those starter homes, and that lends itself very well to the structural design work that we do in our components business. And so given all that backdrop and the focus that we have on it, we will continue to see the adoption increase.
Dave Flitman: Yes. Let me just comment and I will flip it over to Peter here for any additional color. You are right to portray the focus that we had at BMC being very strong. But I would highlight what Peter said earlier, even in the BMC legacy footprint, it was a very targeted approach to multi-family and key markets in the South, a little bit up in the East and somewhat out in California and the West Coast. It was not broad based. And I think that our targeted market focus is exactly why we had such success. We knew where those markets were going to be strong for some period of time, and that’s where we had the capability. And our team was just fantastic at driving growth.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Thanks, Reuben, and great question. It’s been a dynamic year for cash flow as you highlighted. We have seen an investment of over $1.1 billion year-to-date in our working capital space, right? We’re not yet – while the market is certainly turning, we’re not yet on burning through either the summer build of normal inventory or the higher prices that we bought through all year. So year-to-date, our free cash flow has been at use right around $300 million. We do expect to generate the remainder, so the – about $1.8 billion between now and the end of the year. We’ve already started to see that generation in the third quarter. Third quarter will be a very good year, as you would expect as the market turns, and still a significant amount of cash generation into the fourth quarter. So certainly see a clear line of sight of where that will take us. $1.8 billion of additional cash from now to the end of the year is certainly going to put us in a very strong position to deploy capital in ways that will benefit shareholders.
Peter Jackson: So, a couple of comments, obviously, really excited about the strength of the balance sheet. Our action to put structural very favorable debt out there, the 2032 notes 4.25% unsecured is something we’re very proud of. One of the agencies gave our secured notes and investment-grade rating. We certainly are proud of what we’ve done on the balance sheet and excited about what that means. To your point, we’ve put our priorities out there. I think we are excited about what the pipeline looks like for opportunities to continue to grow in M&A, but we’re going to remain disciplined. We’re not going to get out over our skis on valuations. We’re very clear-eyed about what commodities do over time, that can’t be a driver. And we think that, that pathway will certainly yield opportunities. Your comment about not having done share buybacks as a pro forma entity is absolutely correct. Both prior entities have done share buybacks. So I don’t think anybody is necessarily opposed to the concept. It’s more a matter of making sure we’re looking at the situation each month, each quarter and making the absolute right decisions for the long term for our shareholders. So we’re going to stay committed to that, and we will continue to message as things develop.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, just a little bit of color on that, Matt, we have seen a couple of, I’d call it, leakage of the impact and the acceleration of price in the marketplace into other buckets, we try to normalize for that in here. We try to look at the margins that we thought were sustainable over the long-term. We’ve talked in the past about sort of a normalized amount of gross margin. We try to account for that in this and allow the rest of it to slosh over into the commodity unusual pricing bucket. So I think that is an important one. And like I said, we have a lot of different ways to drive the performance of this business on a go-forward basis. And I think it’s all of the above. It’s that expanded value add, it’s the efficiency in that more gross margin line, it’s the efficiency in SG&A, a lot of operational excellence, a lot of improvements that we think we still have in front of us as we continue to solve problems for our customers and just grow.
Peter Jackson: No. Our expectation is that about roughly 70% of SG&A remains variable. That’s the rule of thumb that we’ve used historically. I mean this is base only. So you have to sort of exclude that commodity price fluctuation component.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yes. I mean I think it’s consistent with what we have said in the past about commodities. We certainly want investors and view the analyst community to have a clear understanding of how our business works. As you deal with the increases and decreases in commodities, there are certain characteristics of certain parts of the country that are impactful on the results. When you have inflation, where you’ve got longer fixed-price contracts, whether it be 60 days and the smaller percentage that’s left that are the 90 days or 90 days plus, you inevitably will see a compression in the gross margin percentage as that inflation occurs. And then as it reverses, you’ll see an expansion in the gross margin percentage. Inversely, you will also see it in markets with very, very fast pricing turns where everything is very short. Sometimes you will see the exact opposite, where you will see expanding margins on the way up and declining margins on the way down as you’re pricing off a replacement in a very fast turnaround environment. By and large, we, of course, want to make sure we’re turning inventory quickly so that whatever those impacts are, they happen quickly, right? They pass through very quickly. We’re – and I’ll reemphasize this, we’re not in the game of predicting and betting on commodities. We’re in the game of distributing commodities to the advantage of our broader business. And I think that our demonstrated performance historically shows that we’re pretty good at it. We know how to make money in ups and downs. It’s a matter of making sure you’re running it in a disciplined and operationally excellent manner.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So that’s the attempt. That 58% excludes what we believe to be the overlap from commodities. That’s actually a new note 48% in there, Keith, on Slide 5. In that footnote, you can see we sort of called out, it’s about 4% of that 22% that has some exposure to commodities, as you think about the commodities are included in what we manufacture.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Well, we’ve communicated at close. Based on our analysis of price volume mix, that’s our best estimate, yes.
Peter Jackson: Well, I wouldn’t hesitate to say third quarter is always higher than the fourth quarter just due to normal seasonality.
Peter Jackson: Yes. It’s probably a little more weighted to Q3. Just by nature of the seasonality, it’s a little bigger and the fall-through would be a little bigger in that quarter.
Peter Jackson: Well, I mean, it’s been an impact all year. I think if you – as you look at the other part of our business, right. The other part of our value-add business, windows, doors and millwork, it’s trailed a little bit in terms of growth. Still strong, but not where we think it should be. A couple of pieces of that, obviously, a chunk of that is the expansion in units under construction, and it’s just sort of how far along a lot of these homes are. But some of the cause of them being as – there being as many units under construction as there are, is that we have just struggled. Lead times are longer. They have been longer for, gosh, coming up on nine months plus. So, this is not new news. I think we just consistently fight it in the channel. I think it’s one of those areas where we would see faster completions and faster cycling of, sort of, the growth in our market if we could relieve that. I know they are trying, but it certainly continues – I would say, in a stable way. It may be a little bit less bad than it was, but still bad.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean we do so much commodity across the country. I would say we probably see everything in one place or another. I think speculating on commodity prices and what it’s going to do is, in our world, something where – it’s a bit of a fool’s errand, as demonstrated by my forecast last quarter. So, I think we will just maybe leave that along.
Peter Jackson: And just to add on to that, one thing that’s exciting in some of these opportunities is that we have got the efficiency, the skill sets to help them improve their performance to get more out of these businesses that they are managing. So, I think that adds to our ability to meet the capacity constraints in the market. And as far as being there for our customers, we certainly believe that increased scale and the partnerships that, that helps to create in the long run with vendors is certainly – it’s advantageous to us and puts us in a position to get, at least if not more than our fair share, as we deal with typical supply environment.
Peter Jackson: Well, I am not signaling a downturn. I guess what I want to be upfront about, and I think we have talked about a little bit on prior calls, is the nature of those extended terms, the mix of those extended terms have materially changed. So, where there was a more extreme impact on the way up and a pretty extreme impact on the way down, right. Headwind on the margin, percentage on the way up, strong tailwind on the market, percentage on the way down, I think both of those are diminished. I think they are diminished because of the reduction in average days of price lock in our mix of sales. I don’t think it’s signaling a downturn into the future. I think a lot of the fall-through that we are dialing out and this analytic comes from other parts of the business and commodities and the pricing volatility, the nature of some buying that we did, all of that, all glommed together in that number. I don’t think it’s going to be a real big headwind for us. Anytime you have fluctuations, especially as massively as they are now, there is always a little bit of uncertainty as to how it all filters through. But based on what we are seeing in the detail, inventory levels, pricing levels, we think we can manage through it very effectively. I just wanted to sort of signal that there – I don’t think there is going to be as big of a windfall as there have been in the last cycles.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think historically, we have talked about the timeline for the flow-through of changes in commodities, just being in that quarter-ish time line, one quarter to two quarters. So, I think that’s – it’s fair to say that there will be a bit of a fade. Obviously, Q2 had the lapping of the worst of COVID. We have gotten a lot of good benefits year-on-year. So, I think settling back as prices settle back over the next quarter or two quarters is still appropriate.
Peter Jackson: Yes. That’s been a nice, sort of surprise, a little ray of sunlight coming through in multi-family when we thought it would be pretty weak. Now just to clarify for those that maybe aren’t as familiar with us, our multi-family is a pretty market specific focused business on most of the country. It’s four-story and below wood structures, a couple of businesses that do quite well in the high-rise market, but they are fairly small. So, a lot of our work is project focused. I think what you see is the resurgence of a little bit of that multi-family housing market as people realize that the new homes aren’t going to come out of the ground as fast as people maybe would have hoped, as all of us maybe would have hoped. And those 3 million to 5 million underbuilt or underserved homebuyers are going to need some place to live until we are ready. So, I think what you are seeing is a little bit of a rebound there. It’s still pretty modest, but we are certainly pleased with it because it was, as you know, pretty grim there on the outlook for a while.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean I think that it’s exciting times to be in Builders FirstSource is what that blows down to. We have got we think a really strong positioning on the business in terms of what we have been able to do with the balance sheet, the long maturities, the low and declining interest rates. And we are doing it in a way that makes the business bulletproof. Our focus, our recognition is to make sure we have an incredibly strong balance sheet throughout the cycle. This is a great time in the cycle where we think that there is more runway and we are going to continue to generate cash. Our job is to put it to work and maximize the shareholder benefit, and benefit the business, make sure we are healthy and our stakeholders are satisfied and taking care of and provides a great return. And I think we are lining it up in a way that we have got a lot of firepower to do a bunch of different things. And we are going to be disciplined about how we put that to work. And the math we are doing around the return on investment for internal investments, for M&A and for potential returning of capital to shareholders is disciplined. And we are going to continue to work with the Board and management to make those decisions in the best possible way.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, I think the way down versus the way up comment is exactly why we did Slide 5. I think that was really our intent is to help people understand where it wants to be when commodity prices are at that $400. So, I think that’s a really healthy way to look at it. I just remind everybody how dynamic this year has been, how volatile. I mean these words coming from the guy who thought we were going to descend gently from our roughly $900 or $1,000 commodity levels back when the last time we met on this call. It’s been a heck of a ride since. And I think what you are seeing in these numbers is a lot of the impact of that volatility in one way, shape or form. So, that expectation of it going back to the 15.3 and the $1.6 billion number for ‘21, we really wanted you to have that just to give you a sense of what we think the base business really looks like. And hopefully, that answers your question appropriately.
Peter Jackson: Right. So, the ability of the team to be put together like they have been and execute at that level, it’s really amazing, it’s awesome.
Peter Jackson: Yes. And I think that the combined multi-family business has done well. I think they have partnered well and are seeing strong performance. What we consider to be taking market share, it’s a little hard to communicate that and we are talking about comparisons to national metrics. But we think we are doing really well with that business. Anybody who has the background in the multi-family recognizes the longer cycle times on those projects, cycle times that are particularly disrupted by extremely volatile commodity prices. So, there has been – it’s been – of all the markets they have been as active as anybody. But we certainly are still very pleased with the performance of that business, both top and bottom line.
