Jennifer Pasquino: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Builders FirstSource first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today is Floyd Sherman, Chief Executive Officer of Builders FirstSource; Chad Crow, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Peter Jackson, Chief Financial Officer. A copy of the slide presentation referenced on this call is available on the Investor Relations sections of the Builders FirstSource website at bldr.com. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a Q&A and instructions will follow. Any reproduction of this call, whole or in part, is not permitted without the prior written authorization of Builders FirstSource. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, May 9, 2017. Builders FirstSource issued a press release after the market closed yesterday. If you don't have a copy, you can find it on our website. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we might make statements concerning the company's future prospects, financial results, business strategies and industry trends. Such statements are considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Please refer to our most recent 10-K filed with the SEC and other reports filed with the SEC for more information on those risks. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. The company will discuss adjusted results on this call. We've provided reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents in our earnings press release and detailed explanations of non-GAAP financial measures in the Form 8-K filed yesterday, both of which are available on our website. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Floyd Sherman.
Jennifer Pasquino: There's virtually no net income, so you have very little tax accrual in the first quarter. It's seasonal business that follows that, so...
Jennifer Pasquino: Yeah, I think we've always said multi-family is going to be down and I think we said mid to mid-high. So, (53:50)
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings call. I feel very good about the start we got on the year in our first quarter. This positive start was accomplished in spite of significant headwinds we faced during the quarter, such as weather, lumber inflation and labor. In spite of these challenges, our people delivered, in my opinion, outstanding results, of which I am very appreciative. I'll start with a brief update on our sales and recent events that are impacting our lumber prices. And then, I'll turn the call over to Chad, who will provide an update of our 2017 priorities. Following Chad, Peter will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we will take your questions. Let's begin our discussion on slide 5, with an overview of the macro housing markets. In 2016, the new residential housing market reached almost 1.2 million total starts, with 782,000 single-family starts. This is well below the historic average, just growing now the levels we have historically seen in recessionary troughs. Continued labor shortages will continue to constrain housing growth from 2017. We believe there are still several years of growth ahead of us and are estimating mid single-digit growth in the single-family homebuilding market in 2017. Additionally, we believe the repair and remodeling market will grow in the low single-digit range. Our sales for the quarter were $1.5 billion. Sales, excluding closed locations, grew 10.2% over the first quarter of 2016 and were benefited by approximately 4.1% as a result of the impact of commodity price inflation on our sales. Sales volume, excluding closed locations and commodity inflation, grew approximately 7.2% in the single-family, new residential homebuilding end market as compared to single-family start growth as reported by the Census Bureau of 5.9%. Additionally, sales in the repair and remodel and other end market increased over prior year by 6.4%, offset by declines in multi-family sales. Turning to Page 6, one of our key growth priorities is to expand share in our higher margin, value-added products. Our sales of value-added products included manufactured products, windows, doors and millwork for the quarter increased 9.7% versus 2016. The investments we made in our manufacturing facilities in 2016 are paying off, with sales of our manufactured products growing 15.1% over the first quarter of 2016. We believe our company is well-positioned to help homebuilders mitigate the impact of well-publicized labor shortages and increased cycle times through our manufactured and value-added products across our natural footprint. We will continue to focus on growing our value-added products faster than our overall sales, and capital investments for growth will be targeted towards this opportunity. Please turn to Page 7, where we will cover some recent developments in lumber pricing and import tariffs. The Department of Commerce has announced its preliminary import duty on Canadian lumber averaging just under 20%. As you may know, Canadian lumber imports were taxed under the previous Softwood Lumber Agreement for a decade, and that agreement expired in late 2015. This preliminary duty is in response to the suit filed by U.S. producers when a new agreement was not reached. It is enforceable for approximately four months and will be replaced by the final finding of the ITC. It'll be paid including any retroactive penalties by the Canadian mills not directly by BLDR or any other LBM distributor. However, as you would expect, the tariff does impact our purchase price, as a final determination by the ITC is not due until late next year. There most likely will be a gap in both timing and possibly the amount of the final duty, including retroactivity and any additional anti-dumping findings. Year-to-date composite prices are up approximately 20% and have not moved significantly since the announcement. Uncertainty around rates and availability on imported products is having an impact on domestic lumber products, with buyers stocking up on more inventory. I'll now turn it over to Chad, who will discuss the impact of the resulting commodity inflation on our business, as well as an update on our 2017 priorities.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Peter. Turning to our outlook, I remain positive about the future of our company. I believe the housing industry remains on a trajectory of steady growth. The reports we are getting from our people in the field continue to be very optimistic about the current business conditions relating to housing construction activity. However, given labor constraints continue to impact the rate of single-family starts, we do expect a flattening of the seasonal curve during this stage of the recovery, as builders may approach a capacity of houses they can build in the busiest summer months. We are increasing our focus on growth with value-added products, national builders who are capturing share as well as leveraging our strong local relationships and investments in our sales force to grow faster than the market. Our company is well-positioned to be the building supply company of choice for builders around the country, thanks to our geographic reach, enhanced product offerings, national manufacturing capabilities and differentiated customer service. Our focus will be to leverage our national scale and sales capability to grow faster than the market with a focus on profitable growth and value-added products. These strengths, our scale and the leverage provided by our cash flow generation and debt reduction plans combined to make Builders FirstSource an industry leader with significant growth opportunities. I believe we will create significant value for our shareholders in the years to come. Furthermore, I attribute the success we have achieved so far to all of our hard-working and dedicated associates. They truly are the people who make this company go. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. Trey, we are seeing the labor situation pretty much across all areas of the markets that we serve. But we're building more houses than we did last year. We built more houses last year than we did the year before. We continue to find ways to solve the labor problem, find ways to alleviate the labor problems. Certainly, the labor saving products that we offer the builder is definitely helping out. You can see it from the sales gain that we had on those products, that the builders are turning more and more to the use of these labor saving products and they offer true value enhancements to the builder in getting their houses built. As tough as the labor situation is, I think somehow we're going to continue finding ways to attract more people into the labor force. And I really don't see us hitting a wall to where we can't build any more houses. What I do see happening is that we tend to get labor cut and it causes the flow on a jobsites to go on in surges, you get behind on the concrete, pile in (25:12) the concrete gets caught up and then you got the framing surge and then the finish out surge, the jobs don't run as smooth as they once did. But the end result is we continue to build more houses and we're getting the job done. I don't think that the builders are missing – at least not from what I'm hearing from our people in the field, and from talking with the various builders, I don't think they're missing any sales because of the labor issues. And so, yeah, I'm not as negative about labor as what the picture looked like a year or two ago. And I just see us continuing to find ways to get the job done.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. I really can't sit here and say, Trey, that there's anything truly unique. I do think there's probably a couple factors that are coming into play. One is, and I believe alluded to in previous calls, that as we are now getting, let's say, more stable and we move through the integration process, our people are focusing more and more on how to build the markets, and certainly, there's a lot more management attention being given to building market share. We have invested. We're going to continue to invest in adding component plants. This year, we're slated to probably get started another five plants. We're getting more coverage in our markets. So all of these factors, including – yeah, I think we are the best at the roof truss, floor truss, wall panel business in the country. We aggressively make it a part of our package. It's all part of our selling value-added products. And I think our sales force is reacting to that message on a steadily improving basis. So I think that's all the reasons why we grew the way we did. We still have plenty of competition, there's a lot of good competition out there, but I think we're the best at the game and it's paying off for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: I really appreciate you saying that, Trey, because, yeah, we worked hard in the quarter and it definitely showed.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, I think there's going to be a continuation. Obviously, the builders aren't talking as much about the labor issues because we in the supply industry who build – really build the houses for the builders are finding ways to get the problem solved. And there are no longer is the holdup. I do not believe that builders are losing sales because of the inability to get homes built on a timely basis. But what they're finding is that in order to get this done, they've got to utilize more labor-saving products going into the home. And that's what they're doing. And we see this as a continual growth side of the business for us. There's more and more demand for the labor-saving products and value-add products going into the home. So I see that as a continually growing part of our business. I don't see it as a tailwind.
Floyd F. Sherman: But if we look at our top 10 state, the seven out of the 10 had double-digit increases. The remaining three were high single-digit. So the top 10 state for us, that approximate two-thirds a little better than two-thirds of our total volume. So we had a lot of strength in the big producing states. I'm very pleased to see in Texas again double-digit performance. Houston is starting to come around real nicely for us. We had a real positive gain in Houston and a nice gain. So that market is very, very important to us and it's even as part of the state. And so we had a good mixture, all across the board, very good performances in our markets.
Floyd F. Sherman: We definitely can see we are adding new customers and we are taking a larger share of existing customers' wallet. It's a combination of both. On the newer customers, because you're starting with a new customer, it takes a while for those volumes to build up, but nevertheless, it is adding significantly to the progress we're making with our component products.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think most of the other products where price increases have been announced by the industry is pretty much difficult for us, but it's running very low single-digits for the most part. And many of those increases were announced prior to the end of the year, so that you had chance to get those built into your pricing models. Typically, you get some anywhere from 60 to 90 days advance notice of it. And so there wasn't much of that and that showed up in the first quarter, but it's been pretty much as usual. And I don't see anything really unusual going on in this area. So...
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of our business initiatives in the months ahead. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give Jen Pasquino a call. Thanks, and have a great day.
M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Floyd, and good morning. I'll begin on slide 8, with an overview of the impact of the higher lumber prices on our business. We believe lumber prices will remain considerably higher than last year, but likely not at current levels. Given the uncertainty around the final Canadian tariff, and the timing gap between the initial determination, which lapses in September, and the final finding by the ITC late in the year, we believe there could be significant fluctuations in the imported lumber prices during 2017. Domestic lumber will also have inflationary pressures as uncertainty around pricing and supply out of Canada continues. As you know, rising lumber prices can cause gross margin and EBITDA conversion ratio compression for the company in the short-term, but in the long-term higher prices benefit the company in higher revenue and profit dollars. Assuming today's prices, commodity inflation benefit to total net sales could be in the 5% to 6% range for the year. Turning to page 9, I would like to share the progress against our 2017 priorities, including our increased focus on profitable market share expansion and improved operational efficiency. First, we are committed to capturing profitable market share and growing faster than the market by leveraging our scale and strong customer relationships, as well as continuing our investment in our sales force. I am pleased to report that we had a strong start to the year relative to the growth in single-family starts and repair and remodel market growth. We also believe we have significant opportunities to increase the reach and penetration of our higher-margin value-added products. These products allow for manufacturing and assembly of homebuilding materials offsite, aiding homebuilders with the well-publicized labor shortages and extended lead times. Growth in total value-added products in the quarter was 9.7% over the first quarter of 2016, led by growth in manufactured products of over 15%. We are focusing on implementing best practices across the organization in order to drive incremental operational efficiencies. Our initial focus will be on logistics, back-office automation and using technology to improve integration with and service to our customers. Our continued focus on cash generation will allow us to fund these initiatives as well as continue to delever the balance sheet. We are on track to generate $145 million to $155 million of free cash flow in the year. Finally, we are only as strong as our people and therefore, we are committed to attract and retain the best associates in the industry. I am pleased to announce that we have been named to the 2017 Forbes Best Large Employers list. I will now turn the call over to Peter, who will review our financial results in more detail.
M. Chad Crow: And I think it's just going to end up in a slower steady recovery, which is great. And I would also think that if you continue to see multi-family cool down, you will see some of that labor move over to the single-family side of construction.
M. Chad Crow: Well, a lot of it. It's just historically you never see flat lumber prices for very long. And when I say lower than they are today, I'm not talking significantly lower. I think, maybe, the framing lumber composite is around $430 right now, may you see it bounce around between $400 and $430 over the summer months, which is still a very good environment for us.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. Other than when I said the sales for the year might be benefited by 5% to 6%, that's assuming prices stay where they are today. If they dip a little lower than that on average then maybe we're on the low end of that inflation impact. But, yeah, generally speaking, that's embedded in the commentary.
M. Chad Crow: To answer your first question, we were fairly aggressive earlier in the year leading up to the announcement that came out several weeks ago. You're limited to some degree on what you can do. You physically have to have room for the inventory. And then, we were able to negotiate some buys over several weeks. So we had a pretty good position going into the announcement. But like us and our competitors, we will all still be out there buying. You can't stock six months worth of inventory. So we're back out there buying again. Your second question, yes, it could be a slight headwind to working capital, but I still think, generally speaking, that 9% to 10% range is going to be close to where we would come in at.
M. Chad Crow: Well, personally, I think the distraction factor last year was real because we were trying to measure our growth versus what we thought the end market growth was during the same period. So I think it was real. It's, in a way, theoretical, it's soft. It's hard to measure, but I feel like it's real. And so that's not really trying to compare it to the other part of your question, which is the flattening of the seasonal curve. We were really trying to compare it to what we felt like the market was growing at that point in time. So I think it was real. I think if you were to go out and hold the guys out in the field, they would tell you the same thing. We really tried to make 2017 a year with as little change as possible so the guys can focus on the business. Now, to your point, that doesn't mean we won't have a flattening of the seasonal curve, but I kind of see those as two different issues.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I can't think of anything unusual there, pretty small piece of our business overall. And in a lot of markets, the winter weather wasn't too bad, so that probably weight into a little bit, but nothing unusual that comes to mind.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I'll tackle the first part of that. Yes, we track very closely the salesmen that we're hiring through this program that we implemented early last year. And with hiring any one, you're going to have some that really outperform and some that their performance is a little lacking, but we're tracking them closely. We're training them. And so, yeah, on a net basis, we're starting to see some really nice results from these guys. We're still kind of on the front-end of that. It does take a new salesman in this industry a while to build up a book of business, but feel good about the program so far. As far as SG&A, I'll let Peter tackle that one.
M. Chad Crow: Well, you're right, long-term, and we have mentioned in the past that there were holes in the ProBuild side of the business on the manufacturing side. So that is the area we're targeting now and I think that's helping to contribute to the growth in that category. Typically, to get 12% to 15% incremental EBITDA, you're going to need gross margin expansion in the quarter and you're going to need the leveraging of your SG&A. If you have gross margin compression, as you know, it's really hard to get to that 12% to 15%. So I think if we can get past this period of inflationary headwinds, you will start to see gross margin expansion, part of that will be due to the growth in value-add. And I think we will kind of find that sweet spot to grow beyond the 15% incremental, probably some quarters you can, but I think long-term, that would be very difficult to consistently outperform that just largely due to the volatility that you do see in commodities over time. But, yeah, overall as our mix changes, our gross margin should strengthen. It wasn't that long ago, we were 25%, 26% range until we hit this period of inflation. So if we can see some stabilization in prices, I see no reason why we can't start getting back up to those levels.
M. Chad Crow: And so I think if we can get the entire footprint built out, as you said, it'll take time, but I think we can get back to those historical levels. You can ship trusses and panels 125, 150 miles. It's a better proposition shipping those than it is sticks. So to some degree, you are limited by the proximity of your plant.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I think that's accurate. And as you know, we do have pricing commitments with many of our customers that can – that you can go out as much as 90 days. And so as we get the opportunity to reset those at more current market prices, you should see improvements in the back half of the year.
M. Chad Crow: I think it'll be a drag in Q2, my concern right now on Q2 is, as we continue to buy to replenish and we're kind of bumping up against our ability to reset prices with our customers, our average cost is going to start creeping up. And so that's the biggest concern I have for Q2. It's not a quantity issue whether we're going to run out of lumber, it's just the timing of our buys versus our ability to reset prices.
M. Chad Crow: Well, greenfield versus M&A largely boils down to – we get feedback from our folks out in the field on whether they're seeing the demand, for example, a truss plant, and where we don't have one. As you look at that market, you determine are there any acquisition opportunities that maybe we have discussions with. So, as Jim said earlier, it's a buy versus build decision at that point. And if there are no candidates in the market or none that are willing to sell, then you would turn to greenfielding, but generally that process starts with our operators out in the field coming to us and saying, hey, I really feel like we have an opportunity for a millwork workshop here, a truss plant here, and then going through that process that I just described.
Peter Jackson: Well, we do invest in working capital at a rate of about 9% to 10% of sales. So as the increasing value of our lumber is recorded in inventory, we will see a headwind on the cash flow.
Peter Jackson: There is a net benefit in the long run. In the near-term, we do have compression in gross margins and we'll have to digest that as we go through the rest of this year. And as we get better clarity on where those pricings will be, we'll give you a better look at full year.
Peter Jackson: I think we feel really good about the growth. I think what you saw there in that number is the mix of where we sell and some projects that float in and out. But overall, the growth in that part of our business has been very healthy and strong. We feel good about it going forward.
Peter Jackson: So just with those numbers. I mean we were up across most of the country pretty consistently, particularly single-family look very good for us. Certain regions, given their economic exposure, I think maybe were held back a bit. Oil impacted locations generally had a tougher go than some of the others.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. As far as SG&A, I think that we'll continue to see leverage as the commodities stay higher and that lumber pricing works to our advantage in that space. But otherwise, I think consistent performance as we see the benefits of our operational improvements for the full year, but we continue invest in different areas of the business as we see opportunities.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, for this year, we would anticipate kind of that 40% tax rate, but we are not intending – we're not expecting to be a cash taxpayer this year because we will utilize our NOLs for the federal tax portion. A couple of assumptions there; one being that there's no fundamental changes in the tax code, and second that there aren't any significant changes in our shareholder base that could cause us to defer any portion of that NOL.
Peter Jackson: Well, I mean, we continue to look at the near-term goals for ourselves, right, like you mentioned, trying to get under 4 by the end of 2017 and to that 3 to 3.5 range within 2018. I think we've touched on this a couple of points. And I think we're consistently thinking this way and that's that we're going to reassess where we are in the market cycle to determine where the best direction for us will be. We continue to look at tuck-in opportunities in the interim. And when we get to that point, we'll consider what our options play out in front of us, but clearly debt reduction is a great opportunity for us to release value, and looking at this market at that point I think makes a lot more sense.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think it's definitely fair to say that we will continue to make investments. We're strong believers in the programs that we've been supporting and we see opportunities going forward for additional programs to drive operational improvement. So, clearly, we'll continue to invest. As far as leverage goes, we have every expectation that increasing lumber price will drive leverage for us. And we think there's a consistency there, although our business is quite seasonal, so we will respond to the growth requirements of the business with the appropriate head count. That said, I think it's fair to expect leverage out of SG&A as we grow, may be not at 100 points, but improvement.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. That's correct. So we would see pressure until it stabilizes and then catch back up to Chad's point.
Matt McCall: Well, the last time I had in my notes is single-family of seven days. And I think you just said mid-single, and maybe that's the same thing, maybe you'd haven't changed it. But when I saw it, it looks like multi-family is down just a little bit more, the outlook is down. Maybe I misreading or misinterpreting what you're saying, but -
Matt McCall: All right. So misinterpret. So we talked a lot about lumber, maybe could you talk to us a little bit about some of the product categories from a price, from a cost perspective? Just the trends you're seeing from an inflation perspective just in general.
Matt McCall: Okay. All right. That's fair. Thanks for that. So the last one I had, the outlook for inflation, are you expecting the pressure to continue in the back half or – I think Chad, you said prices could come down a little bit or the potential for us to get a better price cost match and thus better incremental margin in the back half.
