Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. I will start with a brief update on our Q2 results and then turn the call over to Chad, who will provide an update on our 2017 priorities, as well as our longer-term growth initiatives. Finally, Peter will discuss our financial results in more detail. And after my closing comments regarding our outlook, we will take your questions. Let's begin our discussion on page five. I am very pleased with our sales growth in the quarter and year-to-date, both up 10%. Sales in the first half of 2017, excluding closed locations grew 10.1% over the first half of 2016. Our enhanced focus on investment and targeted growth is really, as expected, starting to yield results. Year-to-date, sales volume excluding closed locations and commodity inflation grew approximately 7.4% in the single-family new residential homebuilding end market, in line with the starts growth as reported by the Census Bureau. Additionally, year-to-date sales in the repair and remodel end market increased over prior year by 5.1%. Commodity price inflation benefited our year-to-date sales by approximately 5%. Demand continues to grow in the industry for ways to build homes more efficiently as labor constraints and rising costs increasingly impact our homebuilding customers. Our value-added products address this need, providing products that are constructed offsite, reducing the home cycle time and require significantly less labor on the job site. We believe this is a significant growth opportunity for us and that we are well positioned to drive and one of our key growth priorities for 2017 and beyond. Our sales of value-added products, including manufactured products, windows, doors and millwork for the first half grew 9.6% versus 2016, almost double our total commodity adjusted volume growth. The investments we are making at our manufacturing facilities are really paying off with sales of our manufactured products growing 12.2% year-to-date. We'll continue to focus on growing our value-added products faster than our total sales and future investments for growth will target the higher margin value-added offerings to our customers. Moving on to page six with an overview of the macro housing markets, the new residential housing market has reached approximately 1.2 million annual starts, which includes a bit over 800,000 single-family starts. This remains well below the historic average, just growing now to levels we have historically seen in recessionary troughs. We believe there are still multiple years of growth ahead of us and we are estimating mid to high-single-digit growth in the single-family homebuilding market for the full-year 2017. Additionally, we believe the repair and remodeling market will continue to grow in the low-single-digit range. The housing market growth provides a solid foundation for our investments and above-market growth expectations. I'll now turn it over to Chad, who will discuss our 2017 priorities and our look at future growth.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Peter. Turning to our outlook, I remain enthusiastic about the future of our company. The continued strength in the fundamentals of the new residential housing market, our emphasis on profitable revenue and share expansion, as well as our investments in key markets position us exceptionally well for the continued growth and accelerating value creation. I'm excited and optimistic that the strategies and investments we have underway to grow our value-added business and unlock savings through our operational excellence initiatives will yield meaningful profit growth in the coming years. Our goal is to double our EBITDA and cash flow, generate more than $1 billion in cumulative cash over the four to six years, which should result in an EPS of over $2 a share, assuming the housing market continues its solid trajectory towards a normalized start level. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, and another factor too, the – our rebates are better on our value-add products and we certainly accelerated the sales in those categories in Q2, and we're going to continue driving that side of the business. And we're benefiting and it comes about in many ways, it comes about in improved margins, which are helped by improved rebates that we get on the products that make up that product group.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. The five plants that we have scheduled to go in this year, we really just got three of them, have just really gotten started on a production basis. We start manning them up in the second quarter, hiring the required estimators, designers, the management staff for the plants. The other two will be initiated in the back half of end of the third and fourth quarters. Those plants really are not going to be producing what I will say will be meaningful sales during the balance of the year. But I think once they are up and fully operating, I think all of those plants will produce in excess of $12 million to $15 million a year per plant. Some of the plants will ultimately turn out a higher sales number than that. But I think for the coming year, that's what we're going to be looking for. We got off to a very good start in the three plants, really ran into no unanticipated issues. The training has gone extremely well. Our people are in place. So, I am very, very pleased and optimistic with what those plants are going to be producing for us towards the back half of the year and into mainly 2018. This will give us – right now, we are operating 56 truss plants and 13 panel plants. So, we'll be getting a nice increase in that number. We're going to have more plants on the CapEx list for next year, and we're going to continue expanding this business and probably increasing our plant count by 10% to 15% a year as we look forward. We think this is an extremely attractive proposition to the builder right now; it's very readily accepted, both single-family and multi-family. The truss plants also give us an entry – a solid entry into the multi-family product arena with our installed millwork capabilities and that's where our concentration is going to be. And we think we can greatly expand our presence in the multi-family market, even though the multi-family market is contracting somewhat from the levels that we saw last year. It still provides us a very healthy environment that we can compete in. So, we're very excited about this side of the business. We do offer a, what we call, our better – the better framing system, but our first alternative is to drive our panel sales. That is really the best cost proposition to the builder and that's what we lead with. So those are what we're going to be really focusing, these areas on manufactured products is where our focus is going to be. And I will add, not only in the truss and panel area but also millwork operations. We added and started a new millwork operation in the second quarter and we're going to be looking to expand our presence in the millwork area.
Floyd F. Sherman: No. I think that pretty much reflects what – the opinion that I have plus within our lumber buying group and so forth.
Floyd F. Sherman: We have actively, what I will say is a true field sales people, 750 to 800, and then the – and then we have, in addition to that, there's several hundred more that operate in a capacity, both field sales and back office.
Floyd F. Sherman: No. I can't say it's looking any better. I can't say it's looking any worse. I think, Trey, we seem to keep finding ways to solve our problems and I still believe it is – it's certainly is holding back the start rate. But we really like at least the consistency that we're seeing in the starts. They're staying pretty much right where we had projected them to be. So, the industry, as well as people like ourselves, we keep – we're finding solutions to the problem. And I think we're going to continue to find those solutions and hopefully, we're going to be able to accelerate and I think we've demonstrated, we're showing that we're solving problems and accelerating our sales faster than others in the business. So, I'm still very, very optimistic about what I see on a go-forward basis. And I think we're going to keep seeing a consistent improvement in our business as well as an improvement in the housing start rate.
Floyd F. Sherman: And, Chad, these are things that we really envisioned in putting the two companies together. Scale has definite benefits. First, you had to stabilize the company, which we did, make sure that we – that the train didn't run off the track. And I think we demonstrated that we did, as Chad said, a very, very good job in bringing the two companies together. We continue to improve sales and continue to improve the operational performance and the profitability of the business. And now, we're going to start focusing on those things to where are the benefits of creating the scale of the company that we have. And they're very real and they're going to be achievable. And I think you will see that our performance in this area is going to be just like it was in combining the companies, and the integrating of the two companies. We did a hell of a job in that area, we're going to do a hell of a job in bringing these benefits to the bottom line and benefiting our shareholders.
Floyd F. Sherman: And we expect to see a good second half and on our pace consistent or slightly better than what we've seen in the first half relative to the second half of last year.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. The – thank you for joining the call today and we look forward to updating you on the progress of our business initiatives in the months ahead. And if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to recap to Jen or Peter. And we hope you have a good weekend and looking forward to your staying in touch with the company. Thank you.
M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Floyd. Good morning, everyone. Starting on page seven, I would like to share our progress against our 2017 priorities, including our increased focus on profitable market share expansion and improved operational efficiencies. We had a strong first half of the year relative to growth in single-family starts. We are making significant new investments to drive our growth initiatives, including 73 additional sales associates in the quarter and 105 year-to-date. While these investments take a little time to pay off, we are already beginning to see their impact. We believe we have significant opportunities to increase the reach and penetration of our higher margin value-added products. These products allow manufacturing and assembly of homebuilding materials off the job site, aiding builders with the well-publicized labor shortages and extended lead times. Growth in total value products year-to-date was 9.6% over 2016, led by growth in our manufactured products of over 12%, which is almost double the growth rate of our total commodity-adjusted sales volume. Three new component plants came online in Q2, expanding our product portfolio and reach of these value-added products in growing markets. We are also increasing our focus on implementing best practices across the organization in order to drive incremental operational efficiencies. Our initial focus is on logistics, back office automation and using technology to improve integration with and service to our customers. As an example, we have developed implementation plans on a delivery and dispatch management system that we will begin deploying in the coming months. This system will enable us to optimize delivery routes, reduce yard and delivery cost and better serve our customers. We are excited about the efficiencies these projects will unlock across our business. Our continued focus on cash generation will allow us to fund these initiatives, as well as to continue to deleverage the balance sheet. We generated $47 million of cash in the quarter, which is in line with our 2017 guidance of generating $145 million to $155 million of free cash flow and reducing our leverage ratio to below 4 times by year-end. Finally, we are only as strong as our people and we are committed to continue to attract and retain the best associates in the industry and develop future leaders. Moving to page eight, I want to share our plans on leveraging our strengths to accelerate growth and further expand profitability. With the benefit of these initiatives, plus a return of the market to a normalized 1.1 million single-family housing start environment over the next four to six years, we would expect to double 2016 EBITDA and cash flow, and generate up to $1 billion in cash over this time period, resulting in an EPS of over $2 per share. We have a strong core business that is well positioned to take advantage of accelerating growth and improved market conditions. On top of that, we have significant initiatives that are designed to expand profit margins and cash flow. We plan to build on the momentum we have established with our 2017 priorities and continue to leverage our national manufacturing footprint and differentiated capabilities to grow our higher margin value-added products faster than the market over the next several years. In addition to growing our value-added products, we see opportunities to increasingly leverage our strengths, including unparalleled size, geographic footprint and end market exposure to grow faster than the single-family starts and capture share. This organic growth model, coupled with unlocking the opportunities we have identified with our operational excellence initiatives, such as distribution and logistics, pricing and margin management, back office efficiencies and system enhancements, provides opportunities for us to meaningfully accelerate profit growth. As a result of our focus on growth and operational efficiencies, we believe we have a realistic approach that creates cash generation and reinvestment opportunities. Our balanced approach to growth investment and ongoing debt reduction will allow us to increase investment in organic and acquisitive growth, while achieving and maintaining our long-term leverage target of 2.5 times to 3.5 times EBITDA. We look forward to sharing our progress with you over the coming years. I will now turn the call over to Peter who will review our financial results in more detail.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I'll start out trying to attack that. The general assumptions are we continue with the housing recovery like we've seen the last couple of years. Somewhere around 7%, 8% growth in single-family housing each year should put us back to around 1.1 million single-family starts in somewhere around the five-year timeframe. And that includes what I feel like is a very reasonable conversion rate on EBITDA to within the range we've always talked about of 12% to 15%. And then on top of that, these operational excellence initiatives, I really feel like we can squeeze a lot of cost out of the business. As we've talked about in the past, the business has grown so much since the ProBuild acquisition that just small improvements can result in meaningful savings. It's the concept of the aggregation of marginal gains, right? Look for a 1% improvement in everything you do, and over time those aggregates have really significant changes. And so that's really our approach to driving the efficiencies in this business. So those are the general assumptions around how we get to those numbers we stated. And you're right, you do the math, and you will get something quite a bit higher than $2 a share. As far as lumber goes and I'm not going to try to guess where lumber will be in five years, but I've got think if we're back in that 1 million, 1.1 million single-family starts range, we're going to be pretty happy with where lumber prices are. But in the near term, we have seen a little bit of run up in lumber, since the end of June with the forest fires, but prices are still just kind of where they were when the run-up peaked a couple of weeks ago or a couple of months ago. We love where lumber prices are right now. I feel like we've certainly weathered the worse of the storm from a gross margin compression standpoint in Q2 and we should really start seeing some nice benefits from lumber in the back half of this year. So we've all been waiting years to have lumber prices where they are today and we're excited about it. I don't know if I did all your questions or not.
M. Chad Crow: And I'll add our guys did a nice job of getting prices pushed through in the second quarter, and so it's a combination of those two things.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I think we're pretty happy with the second quarter sales growth. We're never happy enough, right? There's always – we always want more. There's no doubt the distractions of the integration were real a year ago. They're minimal now, I mean, almost non-existent. Our guys have really done a good job of refocusing their efforts on growing their markets. We're still looking at some of the initiatives that we're laying out, are still designed to take some of the administrative burden off our guys in the field and either eliminate it through technology or maybe centralize some of it to corporate, just to give those guys more of an opportunity to get out there and sell. But the short answer to your question is those distractions are behind us and we feel good about the growth we're seeing.
M. Chad Crow: We think about those questions a lot because I have no doubt that is a trend we will continue to see. Builders are constantly looking for ways to build more efficiently. And with our size and scale, there's no reason we can't be a number one partner with those guys and coming up with strategies to do that. Over the next year or two, to be candid, our focus is going to primarily be on these platforms we've laid out, which is probably going to not include acquisitions. I think as we get our leverage down to where we want it, there's going to be real opportunities for us through acquisitions to possibly expand into some of those different avenues that you've laid out. I think in the next year or two, it's largely going to be continue what we've been doing with the expansion of our truss and panel plants in the markets where we have holds and coverage. But longer term, yes, the strategy is to look for some of those opportunities which could be through acquisition, I think through acquisition would make more sense if you wanted to do something transformational.
M. Chad Crow: We're going to keep pushing hard with our new salesman program. We have added 105 year-to-date, over 200 since the program started, and we've generated almost $150 million of incremental sales through that program, so definitely seeing some positive results there. Right now, we have no desire to stop. The boots on the ground is how you go out and drive business and I think we've got to continue to recruit young talent into this industry, get them excited, get them trained up, because they will be a big part of getting us to those goals we laid out.
M. Chad Crow: These guys will typically go through six month training program, they'll go through and they'll learn all aspects of the business, they'll ride with truck drivers, they'll work in door shops, they'll do it all to really get a good understanding of what it takes to serve our customers. Then, beyond that, it's probably to give somebody fully where you want them, it's probably a two to three-year process, but I'll tell you right now, these guys that we've hired and we track them closely, they've become about 50% productive already. So that means they're covering about 50% of their margin and they're growing their business like what we want them to. So, usually, the first six months is slower because they're in training. We're seeing them get about 50% productivity after a year. And then it's another year or so before they're really up and running.
M. Chad Crow: Well, the biggest drag there is Alaska. That's where we do a lot of our R&R growth and a lot of R&R business. And as you know, that economy is very dependent on the oil industry and government spending and that's one of our slower markets right now. If you pull Alaska out of the R&R calculation, we're actually up over 4%. So that's really just the Alaska slowness that you're seeing there.
M. Chad Crow: There'll always be a trickle. We're constantly evaluating the profitability of our locations, and it's not going to be a meaningful number going forward, I wouldn't think. But we could – you could see closing one or two facilities a year. Those would probably be some in the smaller, more rural markets.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. It could run $6 million a year or so but keep in mind, as these guys become more and more productive then – there'd still be an SG&A, right? But they'll be generating a lot more margin dollars so the net profitability should be a positive impact.
M. Chad Crow: All in, it's usually somewhere around $5 million and that's leasing the facility. Obviously, that's not buying the property.
M. Chad Crow: It's more of a longer-term plan. As we've talked about in the past, I thought we did a heck of a job bringing our two companies together. But now is the time we have the luxury of going back over the way we do things with a fine-toothed comb and really making some nice improvements and squeezing some efficiencies out. And as I said earlier, small improvements here or there are meaningful dollars, and an example I'd like to use. We spend close to $1 billion in comp and benefits every year. Give me a 1% savings in that. That's $10 million. I'm pretty sure that's right. I'm not good with numbers, and that's a lot of zeros. And that's just 1%, right? I think we can do better than 1%. So, when you look at the scale that we've achieved now, if we can squeeze 1%, 2% out here and there, that's meaningful dollars. So, part of our long-term goal of getting to the doubling of EBITDA that we've laid out is going after these efficiencies and between these operational efficiencies and the mix improvement that we're going to be shooting for by growing the value-add side of the business. That's right now we're looking at about $100 million of EBITDA gain by the time we get to the promised land in five or six years.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So this is Peter. We definitely did see some headwinds from the commodity inflation as we expected. But as you mentioned, it was more than offset by our procurement actions. We were involved in and aggressively pursued and closed out some procurement rebate programs that really did benefit us as well as we were able to make some timely lumber buys. So we feel really good about that performance in the second quarter.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So, we have looked at this number. Historically, Builders, prior to the purchase of ProBuild, was up about 50% of the business was value-add. So, when we combined the two entities, it dropped to relatively close to where you see it now. We've seen some increases in that number in the high 30%s. So, our drive is definitely to get back towards that 50% number. There's no limit on how far we could take it. But it does take time to grow that business, and that is absolutely a key part of our strategy moving forward for the improved profitability, to improve gross margin, and for the value that it provides our customer base.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So, the initial markup or fair value adjustment when we did the acquisition of ProBuild, that last about a year. So, we're seeing an inflated amount of D&A for that short-term period. It's probably – we're probably looking to add a $25 million per quarter on a go-forward basis, more or less.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So that's actually the same answer to Chad had just given on Alaska. That's really the big bucket there.
Peter Jackson: Well, I guess broadly speaking we believe that our SG&A in the second half of the year should continue to show improvement versus prior year. The investments that we've made in that sales force are just the – probably the biggest part of the conversation, started in the back half of last year. In all seriousness, that was when it really started to ramp up. So, you're starting to look at the lapping on a year-over-year basis. So that should settle it down a little bit. But we believe in these investments. We think they're very valuable to us and we continue – we are intending to continue to support them on a go-forward basis.
Peter Jackson: I'd say it's more market-driven. As Floyd mentioned earlier, we're trying to accelerate our participation in the multi-family market when it comes to trusses and panels.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So, we're looking at probably about $10 million roughly, basically really focused on the remaining ERP conversions, just maintaining that pace until we're done with those in 2019.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. And you're right and there's really a couple of pieces to that. One is the EBITDA contribution from our base business, which we've said will be in that 12% to 15%. The other, the incremental piece you're seeing is the savings we're generating from our operational initiatives and also the incremental margin and profitability coming from continue to expand the value-add side of our business.
Peter Jackson: There are share gains included in that number and the growth of the business is, well, largely in line with the market. It does show some revenue per start improvement.
Peter Jackson: No, we feel good about the second half. I don't think there's any message we're trying to send there, other than continued performance by the business in the market.
Peter Jackson: No. No, that was – is behind us. We have seen good performance out of our procurement team. We expect that to continue but not like that second quarter performance.
John Baugh: Thank you. Good morning, Floyd, Chad, Peter, Jennifer and the whole Builders FirstSource team. Thanks for taking my questions.
John Baugh: Okay. Super. And then help us with the D&A piece on ProBuild and the influence on SG&A and the sort of out quarters for the rest of 2017 and then 2018.
John Baugh: Okay. Super. And then lastly, just another little – the other bucket for revenue. I think it was a decline of $13 million either in the quarter or year-to-date, I can't remember. Refresh us on that and what that is and what that does going forward.
