David Rush: Thanks Peter. Let me provide a few final thoughts. Having spent the greater part of my career with BFS, I firmly believe in our differentiated platform, which is the strongest it's ever been and will enable us to outperform in any environment. We have a clear strategy that we're continuing to execute. We generated strong cash flow, and we have significant opportunities to invest that cash to expand our value-added products and solutions, execute strategic acquisitions and return capital to shareholders. Through it all we remain focused on operational excellence to continue to drive increased safety, productivity, and profitability. 2023 will be a challenging year for our industry, but I'm confident in our talented team members who have clearly demonstrated their ability to execute and win in any market. Thank you again for joining us today. Operator, let's open the call now for questions.
David Rush: Thanks, Trey. That's a great question. I'll start with R&R. R&R if you expand it in the current year primarily because we had capacity constraints in 2021 and 2022 just taking care of our existing business. Once those capacity constraints waned, our ability to focus on that segment again allowed us to go after new customers and try to generate more R&Rs business. But multi-family, it's been primarily through acquisition.
David Rush: Yes Trey, I appreciate that question. It makes sense for you to ask it. The value-added has shown incredible resiliency even as we've had headwinds and starts and the market has turned a little bit, at least especially on the component side. They're just such a nice offset to the labor challenge and the labor challenge is going to be consistent even in the current housing environment we're in. So we haven't seen people move away from components even as their starts have gone down. We have achieved over a 50% of our sales in total value-added in Q4, which has been a nice buoy to our overall sales mix, and we think through growing through our recent acquisitions that we're going to be able to continue to maintain that pace.
David Rush: Yes, the only other thing I'd add Matt is, part of how we've managed margin is actually through some of our cost improvement initiatives around manufacturing. We've actually improved our board foot per man hour by 22% since the merger. That productivity in Truss allows us and will allow us to compete effectively for share even in a challenging environment. So we're kind of going at it from all angles and trying to maintain the margin the best we can.
David Rush: Yes Ketan. I appreciate the question. Multi-family will certainly be a buoy for us in 2023. We are not quite sure how 2024 is going to play out. I was at the Harvard Housing Conference and there was some concern that multi-family in 2024 may start seeing some headwinds. What we're seeing in the amount of bid activity for 2024 has not tremendously waned though. So we're still slightly optimistic there. On the R&R front, again, the thing that made that difficult for us in prior years was capacity and the supply chain constraints that we were facing. It was hard to fully explore that opportunity and go after new business when we were having struggles with supply chain taking care of existing customers. So we will rededicate our focus on growing that share now that those kind of conditions have lessened.
David Rush: I do believe normal margins for product that the margin ran up simply based on supply and the demand dynamics, that will normalize first and we're already seeing that. You've definitely seeing it, for example, with lumber and sheet goods as an example. The other products in our industry won't respond as quickly and as deeply as lumber and sheet goods have, but we should see some of that. But as far as what we can control, I think what we're going to try to do is, is win by providing better customer service, better reduced cycle times for our customers, allow them to win on cycle time costs, and then we'll be able to hold on to some of the margin that we've tried to create.
David Rush: Yes, thanks Dave. That's a great question. So the short answer is, we feel really good about the balance sheet and we think that our priorities around capital allocation are still the right ones. We're going to lean in on it. You know, we've got no really, no structured debt till 2030. The ABL is, we just reran that one from a timeline perspective. So we've got new maturity start, plenty of liquidity. We feel very good about the strength of the balance sheet. You layer on the fact that, as you noted, we would expect to release some working capital in the event of a further sort of slowing in the market. So that will be a nice tailwind in terms of available cash. The business is still generating cash, so feel good about that, even in some of these more aggressive downside scenarios. And then the overlay of all that is, we do expect there to be opportunities, right? While M&A has certainly been a source of growth for us, and it has slowed down in terms of total number of opportunities on the market, we still see nice targets at reasonable multiples as evidenced by the Noltex deal that we think should be part of the BFS family. And we're going to continue to execute those. So we're going to -- as we stay disciplined, we think there's really going to be, there are going to be nice opportunities for us to continue to do that. And as we've demonstrated up through now, we think there's real intrinsic value in the repurchase of shares. So to the extent we're not seeing good targets in M&A or we don't have the capacity internally to do more M&A, we'll continue to leverage that as well.
David Rush: Well, and then in terms of the breakdown, the commodity prices have pretty well, I would say leveled out based on what we're looking at been pretty stable. So the decline year-over-year in commodities is meaningful. It will get worse on a comp basis as we go through the second quarter. Last year it peaked in Q2, so certainly a lot of headwind from commodities. And you know, what we've seen is sort of that trend down on a year-over-year comp basis that trend down started probably Q3, Q4 last year, probably the best way to describe it. So comps will be most difficult in Q1 and Q2 and get a little easier in the back half of the year. We won't break down the guide in those sub components, but hopefully that gives you good context.
David Rush: Well, I mean, I think the way we think about deploying capital broadly, right, is that we have an appropriate balance sheet. We're well structured. As long as we're in kind of our range of one to two times base business, we're extremely comfortable. Certainly not intimidated by the idea of being a little below or a little above for a window of time. I think that's just good management. But we certainly are committed to continuing to deploy capital. We think it's a responsibility of management. We think it's a responsible thing to do. We think it's good for shareholders, so we're going to continue to stay committed. And we'll look for opportunistic moments, right? Where in each one of those categories, we think there'll be times when it might make sense to lean in. But we're never going to put ourselves in a position where we put ourselves at risk. We've got a lot of confidence in our ability to sort of see what the business is capable of and manage that liquidity and we're confident we can work well in that range.
David Rush: Yes, Adam, that's a good question. In 2023 multi-family will be a tailwind for our margin. It only creates a little bit of a tailwind though, because it's still only about 15% of our overall business. R&R traditionally has been a higher margin product as well and we expect a favorable result from R&R on our margin maintenance. It will help us hold on to margin. Again, the combination of those two products is a smaller percentage of our overall business and generally our margin profile follows single-family, but they will be helpful in us maintaining as we normalize in other areas.
David Rush: Yeah, no thanks, Steven, you're right. We struggled to get what we've wanted. It's gotten a little better. There has not been nearly the relief in things like rolling stock that there have been in certain other categories. So that's still a source of, I would say strain. It's getting better. So my sense is this year's CapEx will be more achievable than last year. There's certainly a lot we want to do, and we're still optimistic that that will continue to free up as the year progresses.
David Rush: Yes, so the capacity question is a good one. But we firmly believe in investing in the long-term. So we aren't changing our priorities as it relates to investments and capacity, specifically around value-added products. And in fact, we're trying to address kind of labor concerns a little bit through some of these investments. We have fully robotic lines in Georgia and Texas that we're still working through and trying to make sure and having some success with. And I think we have six to seven more on the books that we're going to add over the next two to three years. So we're seeing investments in technology and investments in automations as a way to really address both labor concerns we have today and in the future. So that will definitely not stop. As it relates to the core business, we've been really diligent about protecting our A and B players out in the marketplace and that's not going to change either because we see that as and what we're experiencing now is somewhat of a short-term scenario and over the long-term we want to come out of this guns and blazing on the other side with our best people. So that's kind of how we're approaching it right now.
David Rush: Yes, I mean it's the reason you have three different scenarios there to pick from, right? You saw it as recently as coming out of the year in December, most builders were really pessimistic. Mortgage rates dipped down a couple 20, 40 basis points and all of a sudden the light turned on and everybody started showing up again. So it was really hard to just try to narrow it down to one narrow range and that's why we gave you the different scenarios. But the good thing is, we do know underlying demand remains strong, evidenced by how quickly people returned to the marketplace once they realized mortgage rates were at a rate that they felt like they could execute on the home purchase that they were after. So it was just additional proof that over the long-term home, underlying home demand is there. We've just got to make sure that we balance that affordability against that demand.
David Rush: I think it's more of what you just said, the latter part. I think they had a good couple year run. They're looking at fairly uncertain environment now and they're just not ready to get off the fence. I think as the year plays out and as we see more certainty as the year plays out around interest rates and mortgage rates and people can evaluate what the next 12 to 18 months look like, I think they'll jump back in and of course we're looking continuously throughout the time that we're there.
David Rush: Yes, I mean, I think what you described is accurate. It has been a bit erratic ups and downs. I don't know that there's a trend there broadly other than to say it's slower than last year and it's certainly a market that's trying to find its own. Yes, I don't think breaking it down at this point is going to help anybody, but it's certainly a market we're staying very close to operationally to ensure we are responding correctly to whatever is dealt.
David Rush: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think that's a -- I'm glad you're asking the question that way. I think it's the right way to think about it. The variables obviously are starts. Starts in single-family being the biggest impact on us, the other being the impact of M&A right? We've been acquisitive and the year-over-year growth from those acquisitions are certainly impactful in terms of how we're performing versus the prior year numbers. There's a bit of growth margin in there. The normalization will be a bit of a headwind, but we are also seeing some share growth that we've embedded in that as well. So that's an offset. So, but you know, across the board being able to offset a share, a portion of that single-family decline through the strength of our core business and, and the differentiated model is a healthy thing for us and we're certainly quite proud of it.
David Rush: It actually, it goes hand-in-hand with what we need to do from a standpoint of competitiveness related to slower housing starts and increasing our customer service reducing cycle times. So a lot of it is around synergies that we realized from new M&A we've done over the last 18 months. Some of it is related to payroll productivity, getting more for less specifically within our delivery initiatives and some of our truck turnaround initiatives. Some are around manufacturing productivity as I mentioned since the merger board foot per man hour has gone up 22%. That is a combination of best practices across plants as we continue to acquire value-added plants from other parts of the country and integrate them into the BFS way of doing things. There's productivity savings there. We're always constantly reviewing our indirect spend. There's opportunities there. So we, we, we've probably got six to eight different initiatives that will fund that $90 million to $110 million and we're very confident in our ability to get there.
David Rush: Yes, so I think probably the biggest challenge in this is, that there's no base business at a quarterly level that's, that's not a, it doesn't actually exist, so I'm not holding out on you in terms of talking about that number. You're right, there is a, there is a lot going on in the year-over-year comps and the ability to break out those pieces. Unfortunately it is generally driven by some detailed analytics. We have some top side assumptions, but I don't think they're particularly helpful to you in terms of insight. A lot of the year-over-year comparison from a commodities perspective is negative in the first half or far more negative in the first half than the second. Unfortunately just from a, the ability to break those pieces apart, so starts comp. So I think that our guide or our comment when we were given the guide saying that the first half is going be harder from a comparisons perspective unfortunately it's probably my best insight to offer for the, for the numbers this year.
David Rush: Yes, I mean, if I just talk to Randall Langs, I think that's right between 350 and 400 is the range a little bit below our base business assumption in terms of how the year has started, but it's early.
David Rush: Yes, they're still struggling as well with labor and what they're having to pay for costs of labor. But at the end of the day, the normal dynamics around supply and demand are going to run out and people are going to go after share, they're going to do it with whatever availability they have. It just hasn’t been widespread at this point.
Peter Jackson: Yes, no, thanks, Trey. So that's a good question. There's a lot going on in the market and so we've stayed away from the cash flow including it in the full year scenarios, but yes, the short answer to your question is we still think it's north of $1 billion in free cash flow, assuming about a 20% starts down scenario and a reasonably steady commodity environment. As you know, those, both of those things can move our working capital quite a bit. Generally speaking, we still believe that that roughly 10% incremental or decremental working capital with sales is a good way to think about us. So given the dynamics around what commodities are doing, kind of what starts are doing, as well as the core underlying business' ability to generate cash, we do think that north of $1 billion number is still right.
Peter Jackson: Yes and probably the only thing I'd throw in, the only thing I'd throw in there, Trey, is that it does correlate to some degree the starts, right? I mean, yes, they're still using it and they're not going away from it like Dave was saying, but we don't want to somehow argue that Truss is going to maintain its volumes when starts are down there. There is a correlation there, but we are seeing growth, we're seeing secular growth, and so that's certainly a strong area for us, and I think you heard it in my comments, right? So fourth quarter value-add, we were still favorable even though starts were down more than 16%.
Peter Jackson: Thanks, Matt. The storyline for that gross margin number continues to be one of good progress. We're pleased with what we've seen so far, but certainly an open question in terms of where it gets to. So as you highlighted, things have stayed strong in the gross margin line. It is beginning to retrace what we've discussed in the past, right, beginning to normalize as the supply chain normalizes. We certainly have performed well. I mean our 30% to 32% gross margin guide for Q1 is certainly well north of what we've said historically is our normalized roughly 27% plus gross margin. We're continuing to see really nice performance and mix up from the value-add component of our business, which we hope for and which we're expecting. But as the year progresses, we do anticipate that continuing to trend back towards a normalized level. You know, we're pretty optimistic about what that looks like, but for now I'm not ready to provide any real guidance in terms of the full year.
Peter Jackson: Yes, Matt, that's a good question. I think we've pretty much already seen that convergence as we get farther into the quarter. Our door and millwork sales have somewhat normalized, but we still believe in the value-added segment as a positive for the overall business. And the Truss component, as I said, has been really resilient. We haven't seen people move away from Truss, granted, because there's fewer starts. We're going to have fewer sales in Truss, but the fact that we can maintain that percentage of our overall business is very encouraging to us and we believe it will continue.
Peter Jackson: Yes and I think we've talked a lot about the amount of investment we've made in pricing management and pricing rigor and pricing discipline. That's certainly an important part about how we expect to manage this business on a go forward basis and combine with this point about how efficient we are, we think that puts us in a great position to offer a total cost benefit to our customer, while at the same time getting a fair margin and being able to hold on to what we worked so hard for. So we're certainly optimistic right now, especially as you see each quarter's numbers come through.
Peter Jackson: The only, the only thing I'd add on the M&A front is we are still at or above our plan that we laid out on Investor Day of $500 million per year dedicated to M&A. So even as it slows now over the long-term, we don't have any concern over hitting that target.
Peter Jackson: Yes, I'll start on that one and Dave can jump on. So the short answer is, they're all over the place. There's a lot of differential depending on what market you're in, the type of house you're selling, your exposure to customer versus SPAC. We talked a lot about east to west, how much harder this market has been, how rapid the downturn has been in certain markets. So it really is all across the board with people quite pessimistic and quite optimistic being, I would say equally common. So what we try to do is account for a few of those scenarios playing out, trying to think about what they balance out in our numbers to give you some sense of if we lean one way or lean the other, right? If Powell [ph] got leaning one way or leaning the other what might potentially play out. So it's, as you can imagine, that's been a tough one for us.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, they only, the only thing I'd add is this is not a 2008, 2009 scenario, right? Demand over the long-term is still extremely positive and that demand is not speculative. It's for houses that they want to live in. So over the long haul we still feel pretty good, even though it's going to be a little choppy until we get our footing.
Peter Jackson: Yes, no, that's a good question. So 2021 guide for those of you who don't remember, was $7 to $10 billion of deployable capital. And the way that was, think about that is 7 was at a onetime leverage at the end and 10 was at a two times leverage at the end. So that's one to two times the, the base business EBITDA from a leverage perspective. The short answer is, we've talked about this a lot and I'm not sure everybody gets it, but commodities for us is an important part of our business, but we make money regardless. We make a lot more money when the price is very high. So it becomes a bit of an option where if you have a high future price, you get a lot more cash flow into the business. And that's exactly what we experience in year one of our execution against our Investor Day targets. We had an incremental amount of cash that has put us far ahead of the pace necessary to make our number, even though you're right currently the forecast of where 2023 is going to be for starts as well below what we have built into our forecast, we talk about low single growth is being, or low single digit single family starts growth is being embedded into the model. But we're certainly in a very strong position with the start that we've had to be able to deliver on that regardless. And as I mentioned, we still expect to see healthy free cash flow delivery throughout the remaining years on top of that nice strong head start.
Peter Jackson: That's a really good question. You know, we're in the mid-20s, or sorry, low 20s for SG&A as a percent of sales and it's about 70% variable. You're talking about 6% that's in that fixed bucket. You probably think about the impact of margins, obviously that falls like price all the way through the bottom line, so that's very impactful. I guess off the top of my head they seem pretty comparable. I actually don't have a hard answer for you on that, but I think you're right. Those are two of the major components. What happens when sales decline and how much the leverage can we offset with, you know, rescaling the business. And then how does pricing fall through you know, the more aggressive any potential downturn might end up being. We do expect it to be harder on both margins and commodity prices.
Peter Jackson: Sure, thanks Mike. Good. We will take our last question from Alex Rygiel - B. Riley. Your line is now open.
Peter Jackson: Well, I mean there's two pieces to it. One of them is the normal seasonality. We do see generally speaking about 20% less sales in the depth of winter than we do in the peak of summer. It's a lot more than that obviously in the seasonal markets, but we're also seeing the down trend of sort of orders generating starts, generating sales from us on new houses. So that decline has been pretty consistent as one might expect, we would expect to lap the peak probably Q2.
Peter Jackson: More rumors than actions, but there are a couple of categories where they're, it looks like it's probably going to happen and will stick. For the most part though, it's been less increases or no increases.
