Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. Joining me from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. After I give a brief recap of our third quarter, I'll turn the call over to Chad, who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Our trend of improving financial results continued as our topline growth and gross margin increased helped us achieve positive net income and positive cash flow in the current quarter. As we have previously stated, our focus has been on increasing market share while expending gross margins. To that end, our third quarter sales were $402.9 million, an increase of 38.1% when compared to the third quarter of 2012. This marks the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth above 30%, and shows our sales growth is still outpacing the increase in residential construction activity. Our gross margin percentage increased to 23% for the current quarter, up from 19.8% for the third quarter of 2012. This margin increase was accomplished in spite of the continuation of a very competitive pricing environment, and was largely due to better customer pricing, an increase in sales volume and a lower rate of material cost inflation. I'll now turn the call over to Chad who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. Despite the challenges we still face within the industry, such as the historically low rate of housing starts, availability of credit for homebuyers, shortages of skilled construction labor and the competitive pricing environment, we believe the demand for housing continues to strengthen and the outlook for continued industry improvement remains positive. We saw our financial results accelerate through the third quarter, and are optimistic regarding our outlook, taking seasonal differences into account for the remainder of the year. I'm extremely pleased with our recent financial performance and know it would not have been possible without the dedication and hard work of all of our employees. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, I -- just to add to what Chad had said, we see the same reports that you do from the public builders. While the contract signings maybe show -- are showing a decrease in the rate of increase over the prior reporting quarter or on a year-to-date basis, they still are ahead, obviously, of last year. The backlogs are still very healthy that the builders are showing. If you do your math, it's anywhere probably from 5.5 months to 7, 7.5 months of backlog. The -- it's still -- we're still seeing a good flow-through as the builders are pushing to get the homes turned over. The -- and so we feel confident and good about our fourth quarter. I think the builder -- what we're starting to hear is that they're slowing down on the price increases. They're also starting to come back in a little bit more in the way of incentives to get people, to get contracts closed out. But still, nothing like what had been done in the past. So, overall, I think what it's saying is that on a national basis, single-family starts probably are going to come in somewhere around 625,000, 630,000 for the year. It's still a nice improvement over last year. And it's -- we're taking market share. We continue to build our market share, and I think our performance in the field is certainly helping keep our rate of sales up as compared to what maybe is now being reported by some of the builders as to their sales performance.
Floyd F. Sherman: From a competitive standpoint, we're still seeing very, very competitive conditions in the field. The -- everybody is very attuned to the commodity markets. We're starting to see -- OSB has leveled out and we're not really seeing a lot of volatility right now in OSB. We've done, I think, a good job of protecting ourselves for the remainder of the quarter. Lumber, however, is a little bit different case. There's more volatility. There's more upward push to the lumber pricing. And the -- and we would anticipate as we look towards through the first quarter of next year, that we will probably see a continual inflationary curve to the lumber commodity side of the business. And people are going to take that into account in their pricing. And as we've said, overall, it's a lot better for us when we have high commodity prices so long as that pricing is stable. The -- but we've -- I think we've done a very good job of covering the volatility that we've seen this year, and I think our margin performance reflects it. And I think people in the industry are getting, I think, a lot more sensitive to making sure that their pricing is more reflective of the commodity prices that are out there.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, I think -- but I will continue to keep going back to the one factor, I think, that separates us from so many of our competitors, is the quality of our people servicing the business and the number of our people servicing the business. We're are able to take advantage of the improving market condition I think a lot better than any of our competitors. And we're doing a better job of servicing it. I think the builders recognize the quality of our services that we provide. Certainly, the install component of our business has strategically really helped us open some doors and improve the total mix of products going into our customers and I think all of those factors are what's really enabling us to drive our superior market growth and market share gain.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, I think there's always a possibility that we can, but there's a lot of -- as you know, Trey, there's a lot of unknown factors that we have to deal with in this business, the volatility of our commodities, maybe the change in pricing attitude with your competitors and so forth. Do I expect or anticipate us having a better margin through the year, next year, than we have this year? Yes, I do. And we certainly are expecting that performance out of our people, and I believe our people will deliver it. But it's -- some of it is also a factor of how aggressive do we want to be in continuing to take market share at the rate that we have been taking because in a -- we're still in a very, very bad housing environment as compared to what we've historically seen from a construction standpoint. And any time you are increasing market share, price certainly enters in to and is a very important determinant of the gain that you might take on. And that's something that we monitor. We try to keep it controlled. We -- in the past quarter, we walked from, I think, a significant amount of business because it just didn't meet our pricing guidelines and requirements. And we're going to continue to do that, but I think next year, I'm anticipating a better year next year than we've seen this year.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think the -- our truss and panel, I think we can get it up to, close to 25% of our overall business with not only the facilities that we have currently open, but we still have some mothballed facilities that we can and will open as the demand requires it. The trusses that we are building today and especially the wall panels that we're building today are, Trey, much more complicated and require a lot more production time than they did back in 2005 and 2006. There have been design changes, the local code requirements and so forth, the insurance requirements have really brought about some very significant changes in the component business. That will -- has taken away some of the output capacity that we have for our current plants, but I think we can get it up to about 25% of our business before we have to start either greenfielding plants or acquiring maybe some other unused capacity, some plants that might be out there available for us to acquire. But so -- they -- we have opened up here in the past 6 months 2 facilities and both of those have really gone up and running. They're doing well. The plants that were in those -- those areas of those plants were already operating at close to capacity, and that's the reason we brought those 2 plants up. And we'll do the same for the other remaining facilities.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. And at our window operation, we're definitely adding substantial capital dollars. There's -- probably $4.5 million will be going into that plant for capacity enhancements. They have -- they're operating right now at close to theoretical maximum. And we're anticipating another good year of expansion. That -- the window operation is doing very nicely for us, and we don't want to do anything to -- that might inhibit the continued growth of that part of the operation.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, I would guess, overall, we are probably running now in the -- of our theoretical capacity, we're probably in the mid- to high 70s.
Floyd F. Sherman: No, we've got a truss operation and we've got a panel operation that we're going to be looking at very closely. And probably, I would anticipate that we will be opening those facilities in 2014.
Floyd F. Sherman: I don't think we have any real criteria for saying size. A lot of times, you can look at maybe a smaller operation and then their sales. They may be smaller because they haven't had the liquidity to really expand their business and to where -- but they have a facility that can do a lot more than they may be doing through that facility, or we might be able to add products to their mix that would really enhance their sales performance. So sometimes, the smaller guys will be more attractive maybe than a larger size operation. The -- a lot of it's -- I would expect most of our -- if you look at tuck-in acquisitions, which are really most important to us because we think any time we can enhance and take a larger market share of one of our existing markets, that will be long-term financially, more beneficial to us than going out and starting up in an all together new market that we can't fully support. The -- most of these acquisitions will fall somewhere probably in the $20 million to $75 million a year sale category.
Floyd F. Sherman: Our forecasting of forward demand is really based upon what we think the builders might be doing within the markets in which we serve. We get very little in the way of solid guidance from the builders as to what their building outlook is going to be. This business has traditionally over the years, always been a day-by-day situation. And then reacting to very, very short term demand forecast. So we -- you get pretty good at trying to anticipate the -- what the builders are going to be doing and where -- and consequently, how that may affect all the different products that we sell, and in particular, the components. Right now, an additional factor that is helping us with components and accelerating the use of the components is the shortage of really good trained experienced labor in the field. The -- especially for traditional framing. That gives rise to increasing the usage rate for trusses and panels, and it reduces the skill levels that are required out of the job site to build that house. And so we're seeing -- and you try to estimate what you think that, that conversion rate might be from traditional stick framing to component -- use of components, but it's our best estimate of the situation. We really don't have good, concrete for -- advanced forecasting from the builders.
Floyd F. Sherman: We also run weekly FTE reporting by location, by operation. The -- what standard is and what your actual FTE count is. And that give you your guidelines and you can react fairly quickly to -- -- if there is a significant and a real trend in decelerating level of business activity.
Floyd F. Sherman: And we've also had, Chad, we're putting some dollars into our truss and panel operations and into our -- the millwork area. And because of the lead times that are now being required on the equipment, we're having to put in the initial down payments in some cases up to 1/3 of the acquisition costs in order to get our place in the schedule, so we can get that equipment in and put into operation by early spring of next year.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. We really appreciate your tuning in today, and following our company. The -- if there's any follow-up questions that you have, don't hesitate to either give Chad or Marcie Hyder a call here in Dallas, and we'll be glad to try to answer your questions for you. We hope you have a good day, and a very nice weekend. That concludes any of our remarks -- further remarks. So.
M. Chad Crow: We really haven't seen the positive that you've seen a lot of the homebuilders refer to. Our business thus far this quarter has remained fairly consistent with the way it ended in the third quarter. And then our guys are really optimistic about what they're seeing for the remainder of this year. Now, I will say that if new home orders were slowing, it would take several months for that to trickle through -- to impact our business, so maybe there is a pause coming but we haven't seen that yet. As far as weaker or stronger markets right now, certainly, Texas is still one of our stronger. Nashville, Tennessee is strong. The Charlotte, Baltimore, Washington markets are performing well. And everyone's up, obviously, on a year-over-year basis. I would say right now, the -- still the most challenging would probably be Alabama and Atlanta to some degree.
M. Chad Crow: If you look at commodity prices, during the third quarter, they didn't behave all that differently than they did in the third quarter last year. We actually saw inflation during both those quarters. I think the bigger difference is how prices were behaving heading into the quarter. Heading into Q3 of this year, prices were falling quite sharply. And this -- that did allow us to benefit from some pricing that had been set towards the end of Q2, that didn't ship till Q3. And so during that period there, we were able to lower our average cost a bit. And this is, obviously, the opposite of what we've been facing in the last 1.5 years or so with the commodity inflation. I will also say, however, that the rapid fall in prices heading into the quarter left us with an average cost on hand that was above the current market because it takes a little longer for our average cost to catch-up. And our sales force did one hell of a job of quoting prices based on on-hand cost when the temptation would've been to price off replacement at that time to avoid risking losing some business. So, my hat's off to the those guys for helping us manage through that volatility. But all that's just part of the puzzle. Obviously, and there are several other factors that can impact our margins. As we stated in the release, our margins are up 320 basis points quarter-over-quarter due to price but breaking out the components of that price can be difficult. The competitive environment, changes in sales mix, obviously, the commodity inflation or deflation, and then our inventory cost position going into the quarter has a lot to do with it as well, as Floyd just alluded to. So all those things play a part. I will say going into Q4, you're asking about how sticky that margin is. We'll see a seasonal slowdown. We would expect to see a seasonal slowdown in the business. So from that standpoint, I think maintaining 23% margin will be difficult. And commodity prices are behaving a little different now heading into Q4 than they were in Q3 although they're still relatively stable. So I would expect Q4 margins to be lower than they were in Q3, but also certainly higher than they were in Q4 of last year. I think that it's going to fall somewhere in between there and it's just a little early yet to pin it down any more than that.
M. Chad Crow: We saw some fairly nice improvement on the prefab margin this quarter. I would say that was the biggest change and that -- and the commodity lumber had the biggest improvement in margin.
M. Chad Crow: Yes, it was up 48% quarter-over-quarter. I haven't done a price volume analysis on that specific category, but the 48% year-over-year is a good indication of the volume we're seeing.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I know just from recent discussions, there's quite a few small competitors out there that are still struggling from a liquidity standpoint. And really struggling to have the liquidity to grow their businesses like they need to. So I think that's been a definite advantage for us.
M. Chad Crow: And I know in the Prefab category, I've also heard that lead times are getting extended with a lot of our competitors, and we're having folks come to us for the truss and panel because we can take the volume and our lead times are shorter, so that's obviously, helped us as well.
M. Chad Crow: Well, if we do see a slowdown in Q4 in business, we'll be able to pull back on the SG&A, the variable portion of it. So I still think we'll be able to flex that as we need to in Q4. And I really haven't changed my stance on OpEx going forward. I still think we can be somewhere in that 65% -- the 65% variable range on the increased sales volume next year. So if that is the case, I would anticipate that as a percentage of sales, we should still see that number tick down as our volume picks up.
M. Chad Crow: And some of the CapEx that we referred to in the earnings release, does relate to additional truss and panel equipment, as well as door and window equipment. Some of that's replacement, some of that equipment's old, but some of that is also to add additional efficiency, getting some more up-to-date.
M. Chad Crow: That's probably the right number. I think we'll be about $30 million a year in expense and about $28 million of cash interest.
M. Chad Crow: I think our best in '05 or '06 was around 18.3% of sales. I think we can get that down below 17%, somewhere in the 16s.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I think some of it, as what Floyd already referred to, is where we continue to be more and more selective of the business we're taking. And we're able to -- as our results improve, we're able to kind of raise the bar as to what the minimum requirement is on pricing. So that's certainly some of it and I would say it does seem that some of our competitors are getting more price-conscious and being a little more rational, not to anyway, say, it's not still very competitive because it is. As Floyd mentioned earlier, we're still at a historically low level of housing and so it is still a very competitive environment. But I think we're starting to see it soften a little, and as you've all read, the homebuilders are getting price increases pushed through, which over time can give us a little bit of wiggle room as well.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we certainly do have the balance sheet now to start considering M&A and I would probably categorize it as that's where we are right now. We'll consider it if something attractive came along. We're not on a mission to just go out and start buying people, it's got to make sense. As far as mothballed facilities go, we do have a couple that we're kind of waiting to see how business kicks off next year, as to whether we reopen those or not. But we could certainly do that and have them up and running in a relatively short order, if the demand is there.
M. Chad Crow: I wouldn't rule it out. We did a little bit of that last year as we expanded in Austin and Clarksville, Tennessee. So certainly, if there's opportunities to expand into adjacent markets or new markets, we would look at it. Preference, probably would be a little bit more related towards acquiring someone to get into a new market rather than greenfield.
M. Chad Crow: I think it's just really going to be more of the same. It's going to be managing the OpEx to what your sales volume is, and it's going to be pushing to get every last dollar you can on price. I don't know that a pause or a deceleration is going to really change that strategy.
M. Chad Crow: Yes, we can react fairly quickly. I'm not -- I don't -- I'm not going to say we have a lot of visibility, but as the business, if it we were to start to slow, yes, our guys are well-equipped. They've been through the drill before to kind of flex their cost structure. We use a lot of temp labor in our truss and panel plant that allows us to flex that as needed, and then a good chunk of our SG&A is variable, the delivery. And obviously, the salesman commission is variable. So, yes, we would be ready to flex that down if conditions warrant it.
M. Chad Crow: In the fourth quarter, we've got a couple of facilities we're relocating. And then as Floyd mentioned earlier, we're expanding the capacity of our window plant in Houston. And so, a lot of that equipment we'll be ordering this year to get it online next year. And then as far as next year goes...
M. Chad Crow: Yes, we've got deposits we're putting down on that equipment as well as lead expansion for next year. And then, the rest of that will flow through in 2014, plus we have one more facility we're looking at relocating next year.
