Floyd Sherman: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2012 earnings call. Joining me today from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After giving a brief recap of the second quarter, I'll turn the call over to Chad for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. We delivered our best operating performance in nearly 5 years, reporting positive adjusted EBITDA of $2.1 million for the second quarter and improving to breakeven adjusted EBITDA June year-to-date. Our second quarter sales grew 31.7% to $271.9 million compared to sales of $206.4 million for the second quarter of 2011. Over the same time period, actual single-family housing starts in the South Region increased 21.3% while single-family units under construction increased 1.5%. Our top line growth far exceeded this increase in residential construction activity, indicating we continue to grow market share, and we met our primary goal for the quarter of getting back to positive EBITDA. Our sales in the current quarter were our highest of any quarter since 2008 and represented our fourth consecutive quarter-over-quarter sales increase of greater than 20%. And our sales for South Region single-family start was $3,513, down just slightly from $3,539 in the first quarter of this year. However, as Chad commented on in our earnings release yesterday, it was a challenging quarter for gross margins, as the higher-than-expected sales volume combined with roughly 16% price inflation in lumber and lumber sheet goods during the quarter forced us to replace inventory during the latter half of the quarter at a higher cost. Given our limited ability to adjust intra-quarter pricing with many of our customers, we experienced gross margin compression on our commodity and lumber sheet good products. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, we estimated this cost to be approximately $4 million to $4.5 million of gross profit dollars and $3.5 million to $4 million of EBITDA. As we've discussed in the past, an environment of higher, stable commodity lumber prices is the optimal environment for us. Unfortunately, as lumber and lumber sheet good prices climb to higher levels, we sometimes have to endure short-term margin pressure along the way. Thus far, in the third quarter, commodity lumber and lumber sheet good prices have been relatively stable. If that holds, we would anticipate seeing gross margin improvement in our commodity lumber category. Let's also not forget, it is still a very competitive pricing environment. And in our continuing effort to grow market share and win new business, we will sometimes sacrifice gross margin percentage in order to generate incremental gross margin dollars. Everyone in the housing industry was dealt a serious blow during this downturn, and the past 6 years have been very, very difficult. As the housing industry recovers, we must continue our march towards positive cash flow. And to get there, we must continue growing our sales and expanding our customer base. Despite the fact that commodity lumber prices presented some unexpected challenges for us during the quarter, we were still able to achieve our goal of positive EBITDA, thanks largely to our top line sales growth. This was a significant step towards returning to profitability. I'll now turn the call over to Chad, who will review our financial results in more detail. 
Floyd Sherman: We were -- thanks, Chad. We were very pleased with our results for the second quarter. We made significant strides during the first half of 2012, a result of our employees' efforts over the past several years, positioning the company to take advantage of the improved housing environment we are finally seeing. We believe we'll be able to continue -- we'll continue to see housing gradually recover, which should drive further financial improvements in our business. Throughout this downturn, we have not wavered from our commitment to grow market share, improve operating efficiencies and conserve capital. It is extremely gratifying to see the hard work and dedication of all of our employees translating to improved financial results. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. 
Floyd Sherman: Yes. I think, Jack, I really think that we'll be able to do that. We initially were able to pass on increases from the -- going from the first quarter into the second quarter. We've also put out increased pricing in the third quarter. What really caught us in the second quarter was that we overshot our budgets in terms of the sales. We really didn't think that we would produce the sales revenue that we did, and that caused us to go in and do a replacement set while the market was on a spike up. It since has fallen back. It's now looking like it's stabilizing. And I think the -- we will continue to be able to put legitimate increases through, and we'll be able to get those increases. 
Floyd Sherman: No. I think that we'll be able to continue that growth. The only thing that possibly could cause us to pull back, other than a major fallback in construction activity, is if we saw that we were unable to pass on legitimate cost increases that would cause us to say the margins were unacceptable and we're just -- would just not be a profitable business for us. But I really don't anticipate that taking place. And right now, we definitely are still continuing to see a very much improving construction activity out there. 
Floyd Sherman: No, I think the -- we should see the rest of the product lines following the lumber, lumber sheet good sales. And so I think that, that will be an improving part of the mix in our business. But typically, the lumber and lumber sheet goods are what you're going to see in a trend of -- an improving trend of the housing activity. If the housing activity stays as robust as what we've seen up to this point, then I think you're going to see, until it stabilizes, still a little bit heavier tilt towards the lumber and lumber sheet good category. 
Floyd Sherman: Yes. And typically, as we go into the winter months, you'll see then the housing activity starts slowing down and then as you're finishing the house, closing it in, you'll see then a pickup in the mix of the other products. 
Floyd Sherman: Yes. In the second quarter, it was a record quarter for us as far as new customers opened there. Then that also produced the record sales for new customers in the quarter. So we're still seeing a very healthy trend as we are adding new customers, and those customers are producing meaningful dollars for us. So it's a good trend going for us. 
Floyd Sherman: Yes.  And I will have to say we are seeing indications for the first time that some of the builders are actually starting to put in spec inventory or trying to get spec inventory on the ground. 
Floyd Sherman: Well, we have indicated in the past that our goal, the next step is to get cash flow breakeven. In order for us to get cash flow breakeven with our current penetration, it's going to be somewhere in the $1.250 billion to $1.3 billion in top line to generate the type of results, financial results that we need. So we're going to continue driving our sales. We obviously have to be very, very conscious of the margins, and I think we have been and will continue to be. But our -- we need to get to cash flow breakeven, and it's going to take sales dollars to do it. And that's how we're going to be directing the company. 
Floyd Sherman: Yes, the -- as far as going into the third quarter, again, we have tried to estimate what our requirements are going to be to serve the business that we see in front of us or feel will be in front of us. We're in that position that, right now, we've covered 75% of what we feel the need will be, and we'll always -- we never cover 100% because we always feel there's opportunities to take advantage of certain situations that may arise. And that's -- we're in a, what we think is a good position for the third quarter. Only time will tell. I certainly am not going to tell our people to slow down their selling efforts. But we'll be monitoring it very closely, and we'll do what we have to do to ensure that we have the inventory to back up our commitments. 
Floyd Sherman: Well, we weren't able to really get as much coverage as what we have right now, and we really missed estimating what our sales were going to be. So it was a combination of the 2. I would say more of it was driven by our underestimation of the top line growth that we got. 
Floyd Sherman: Well, typically, most of our contracts are either 60-day or 90-day forward pricing. Most of them have a 30-day tail so that you're really, in effect, covering 120 days or 90 days, whatever the situation may be. So that's what our inventories are designed to cover. And so then we -- then out on a repricing at the end of a quarter, then it'll take into account whatever the market costs look like at that time for the lumber, lumber sheet good products. So it's -- we don't get -- on a downturn, we don't really get hurt because most in -- very, very rarely have we had it to where people don't honor the commitments that they have with us. So we don't really have much downside risk in the inventory. 
Floyd Sherman: I'm not going to start giving sales dollars by the new markets. I think we've stayed away from that. One of them certainly has been -- has had more meaningful numbers. The other one hadn't even really opened until well into July. So it would be -- that number would be -- wouldn't mean anything. As far as the number of new accounts that we opened, 562, and if – and they are unique new customers for us. The new location in Austin, Texas, certainly was part of that number, very small piece of that, because we were already selling a certain amount of product into Austin, and they picked up part of that business. So they had less than -- probably not much more than 5% of that total. 
Floyd Sherman: All right. Well, we appreciate everyone's participating on the call today. Any questions that you may have, that you'd like to follow up on from what you've heard today, don't hesitate to give Chad a call. That will conclude our presentation for today. 
M. Crow: Jack, you make a good point. We've been very pleased with our sales the last few quarters, and that's been primarily, when you look at the statistics, driven by starts. We just now, this past month, saw units under construction turn the corner and started improving, and so that gives us even more to look forward to, I think, as these starts begin to turn into units under construction. So I think you make a good point there that we're still on the front end of what we feel like is a wave of construction coming through. 
M. Crow: Yes. If we see -- keep seeing starts like we've seen recently, the units under construction will continue to lag a little bit. And then you've also got to factor in commodity lumber inflation. If that continues, then that obviously can impact your mix as well. But you're right, Seth. I mean, if we're starting houses, eventually the other products have to follow. 
M. Crow: And from a market standpoint, you're right. Texas has still been very strong for us. And really, if you look at a quarter-over-quarter sales perspective, most of Florida has shown some really nice improvements for us as well. And then you've got pockets of The Carolinas that are really strong, and you've got other pockets that aren't as strong. 
M. Crow: And if we keep our, like you say, our foot on the accelerator and continue to grow sales, you're right, that's going to chew up more cash and working capital. And you've seen the last week or 2, there's been a lot of money coming into home building with some of the refinancings we've seen with the homebuilders. So we're just constantly striving for EBITDA improvement, and we just keep evaluating our liquidity and what options might be out there. But I really feel like if we can continue to show the financial improvement that we have, that there will be opportunities come along. 
M. Crow: You're right. Adding back -- obviously, your math is right. And then another thing that we struggle with this quarter was just the rapid ramp-up in sales volume and our increase in overtime and use of temp labor. So had we been able to control that a little better and anticipate a little better, that contribution margin, I think, would have been more in the 12% to 15% range. Long term, a lot of it will depend on how well we're able to increase gross margins, obviously. And if we can get commodity inflation and pass along those price increases, we get incremental flow-through there as well. Long term, I would love to be 15% to 20% EBITDA flow-through, and I think we can if everything falls right for us in a particular quarter. Obviously some things didn't go our way this quarter, but I think, over the long haul, I think anywhere from 15% to 20% is our goal. 
M. Crow: Yes, you'll obviously have some variable components to delivery as volumes grow. But yes, I would anticipate that we get additional gross margin. Commodity inflation always helps. So yes, I would agree with that statement. 
M. Crow: We have not had any discussions to this point. And I think the block from their standpoint was just to make sure -- if we get down close to the block, it triggers some additional reporting requirements that we have to do to Highbridge. And I think it's just a -- it's a point where they just want to be closer to the business and just making sure that, obviously, that their assets are protected. 
M. Crow: Well, as Floyd mentioned earlier, we do have, in a lot of cases, a 30-day tail on the pricing commitments. So said another way, if Builders had submitted a PO prior to quarter end, then we give a 30-day grace period to carry over that pricing. So to sit here and tell you thus far, through July, we're not seeing an impact, would be incorrect, because we still have some of that tail coming through. But to answer the question a little more broadly, yes, we should see margin improvement this quarter, assuming a stable commodity environment. 
M. Crow: I would say you're in the ballpark, yes. I'm not going to get into forecasting gross margins. There's just too many components. But yes, you're in the ballpark, I think. 
M. Crow: I think I've said that up to about $1 billion in revenue, we should be about 35% variable. Once we blow past $1 billion in revenue, we will become more variable. We've got to start adding fleet, we've got to start adding drivers to keep up with the incremental volume. So I think once we get past $1 billion in revenue, you'll see that migrate down closer to a 50-50 split. 
