Floyd Sherman: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Marcie Hyder, Vice President and Controller. I’ll start by giving a brief recap of our first quarter and then turn the call over to Chad who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we’ll take your questions. Despite the extreme winter weather that slowed construction activity across our markets and housing starts at relatively flat, we successfully grew sales and adjusted EBITDA on a year-over-year basis. Our sales increased 8.2% and adjusted EBITDA increased 59% when compared to the first quarter of 2013. For the same time period, the U.S. Census Bureau reported actual single-family starts for the south region declined slightly by one tenth of 1%. In addition, commodity deflation had a negative impact on our sales for the quarter. Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods prices were on average, 14% lower compared to a year ago, which we estimate negatively impacted sales for the current quarter by 2% to 3%. From a sales per start perspective, we ended the current quarter with $4,357 for South region, single-family start, up from $4,021 in the first quarter of 2013. For the record, during the year, worst of the weather, there were days where we had 75% to 80% of our locations closed. On a companywide basis, I estimate that we lost 5 to 6 total ship days which equates to about 8% to 9% of our total ship days for the quarter. I believe our employees did a great job managing through the difficult weather conditions and again delivered strong financial results for the quarter. I’ll now turn the call over to Chad, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd Sherman: Thank you, Chad. Harsh weather disrupted construction activities during the first quarter. However, we believe the underlying demand for new housing remains strong and with the weather problems from earlier this year behind us, the pace of construction should accelerate over the coming months. We also remain confident in our ability to use our scale of market share to continuing delivering strong financial results. I’ll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd Sherman: Trey, this is Floyd. January and February were flat, the slight improvement over 2013, March we saw a pretty good up-tick and we finished March on a really good note. April, while it is better than it was in March, and better than April of a year ago. It’s a little bit short of our expectations of what we were hoping we would see. It’s still good but maybe not as strong as we were hoping. We thought we would see a real surge that after following the bad weather. Part of the issue, I think that we are facing, maybe we got a little bit ahead of ourselves, is that it takes a while for some of the construction sites to dry out so you can get back on the building side. So I think that probably is slowed us down a little bit. But we’re encouraged with what we see. We’d always like to see things stronger but April is – we’re going, we’ll finish ahead of last April. I think the quarter will probably follow the same trends as what we’ve seen. I think it looks like housing, instead of a real hockey stick rebound is probably looking more like a gradual improvement. And we’re going to have some fall in the market. And I think the – we’ll continue to turn in and pull results.
Floyd Sherman: And Trey, I think some encouraging signs at least for me. The last couple of days, some of the large builders have been giving their first quarter numbers. And for the first time for the last several quarters, as you know, there are number of, when you look at by unit count, their new contracts were going down, the new sale contracts, the backlog was coming down. But now that same story will be reversed and they all were reporting a nice up-tick in new orders. And the backlog growing in that that can only be a very positive sign for us as we look down the road.
Floyd Sherman: We, my view on lumber, I think we as Chad said earlier, really feel robbed that we’ve seen the bottom. We’ve seen a nice improvement on the Southern Yellow Pond, especially on the west side, here in the last week. Prices really started moving up, not quite as strong on the east side. SPF, market looks like it’s really trying to firm up and that’s very encouraging, that’s the first encouraging signs to me that I’ve seen. It looks like the order rate is definitely improving. I don’t think anybody is starting to jump in and take long positions yet. But they certainly have stepped up their buying activity. The mills are showing a lot less willingness to the back half of the prices. And I think that’s encouraging. I think that indicates that their order files are getting a much better shape. One of the issues that you have still is the transportation railcars out of Canada continue to be a nightmare. The allocation of cars are definitely still going to – the agriculture, grain movement as well as the oil shipments. The lumber guys continually are still confirming with not being able to get cars and not being able to get cars moved anywhere quickly as they would like. But I spent – I think we’re going to start monotonously a sharp rebound on lumber but definitely an improving pricing structure as we go into the summer months. Unless BS is certainly starting to firm up, it looks like the LSP market is continuing to interrupt a couple of box at a time, per thousand on a weekly basis. So, I view overall the commodity markets are going to be better than what we have seen probably not anywhere near at the highs that they got to in the first quarter or first four months of last year.
Floyd Sherman: Well, our gain is coming yes, we have been increasing our share, the wallet with existing customers. But we’ve continued to add new customers at pretty similar rate to what we’ve been doing in the past. I think for the quote, they were close to 500 unique new customers that we sold to for the first time. That continues to be a very important part of the direction – the sales direction of our company. And that definitely contributed to our increasing our market share. So it’s a combination really of both of those factors.
Floyd Sherman: There was some benefit Jack, we really – the timing of the increase of when it went into effect, that was partially responsible but overall our window sales again are – we put a lot of emphasis on that product category. And I think it’s more due to the fact that we continue to take market share and continue to take business in that category. And I think with our service levels with our, certainly I think our competitive pricing and the manufacturers have kept competitive position in the market. And so that’s more than I think those are the reasons that have accounted our gain in the window market share percentages.
Floyd Sherman: Well, it was a rough quarter for us from an efficiency standpoint, certainly with disruption caused by the weather and managing our workforce, very difficult during the first quarter. And also on a sequential quarter basis, as I’ve said this time every year, we get hit with additional payroll taxes in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. And then we have to restart our vacation accruals, the first part of the year which we don’t have in Q4. Those two items can bind with the $3 million delta Q1 to Q4. So, the fact that we were flat on a dollar basis versus Q4, I think we get a pretty damn good job of managing it, given everything we were dealing with. Going forward, I fully expect to start driving that operating expense down as a percentage of sales. And I still think, I still think we’ll be lower to percentage of sales than we were last year. It was just a difficult quarter to manage it from an efficiency standpoint.
Floyd Sherman: Okay. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. If you have any follow-up questions, please don’t hesitate to give either Chad or Marcie a call here in Dallas. Thanks and have a great day.
Chad Crow: And I’ll add a little bit more color on sales as well. Through today, we’re trending about 8% to 10% over last April for the current month to date that I give you any additional color on what we’re seeing currently.
Chad Crow: We see the same lumber numbers you do. And we’re all certainly hoping that lumber has found a bottom and we’ll start ticking back up as we’ve said before. We like higher lumber prices that can certainly benefit our EBITDA flow-through. So, anytime we have a depressed lumber price environment like we’ve had in the first quarter, it does hurt our overall results. From a margin perspective, really all I can right now is through April we’re consistent with or up slightly from our Q1 gross margin. Certainly our margin in Q1 was hurt a little bit by volume, probably in the neighborhood of 20 basis points or so. So, any up-tick in volumes is going to help and as we’ve said in the past just a healthier building environment in general is going to help. So, hopefully we’ll continue to see the positive trends that we’ve started seeing in March and April and continue to accelerate through the Spring and Summer.
Chad Crow: Volume was certainly up, and but as we said, it was offset certainly by price. So yes, I think that that’s directionally correct.
Chad Crow: No, I think in that type of environment of prices slowly recovering that should not be a negative to our gross margin.
Chad Crow: No, I agree. I just echo Floyd’s comments. Our guys are doing a really nice job, kind of holding the line on pricing. And when we need to we’ll pass on the pricing. I think what Floyd said is dead on.
Chad Crow: I think as volume picks up and the construction activity picks up in the coming quarters, I wouldn’t fully expect to see our margins improve. During the first quarter, the follow-up in volumes certainly had a negative impact on our gross margin. And as Floyd mentioned there were several days we were closed. And even days, some days when we were open, we weren’t as productive as we could have been. And probably we reassigned the times to clear snow off the yard and up the drives and walk-a-ways and builders were holding up shipments, we couldn’t ship orders to the job sites due to the weather. So, I would fully expect gross margins to improve as we move into the second and third quarters.
Chad Crow: Yes, I think we’re all kind of waiting to seeing. And a lot of that would depend on housing activity of the year-over-year comparisons, and the commodity lumber prices are going to have an impact as well. So, I do think we’ll continue to see sales accelerate but to what degree and how that’s going to look on a year-over-year basis, I think we’re all just kind of waiting to see.
