Dave Rush: Thanks, Peter. Let me close by saying that we’re executing on our strategic pillars to deliver long-term value creation. Our tireless team effort has resulted in a differentiated platform, setting us up for above market growth and exceptional profitability for years to come. I continue to be proud of our operational excellence, which is driving increased safety, productivity and profitability despite market headwinds. We are in a great position today and as end markets further stabilize, we are positioned for an even stronger future. We’ll remain at the forefront of technology with our BFS digital tool, which I’m confident will be a game-changer for the industry. We are exceptionally well-positioned in the marketplace to navigate complex operating environments due to our value-added solutions, fortress balance sheet and strong free cash flow generation. We’re excited to share more details about our longer term vision at our upcoming Investor Day on December 5th in Atlanta and look forward to seeing you there. Thank you again for joining us today. Operator, let’s please open the call now for questions.
Dave Rush: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate the question. As you know, the multifamily projects have a longer life cycle, tend to be 19 months to 18 months. So what we’re seeing in the backlog right now is healthy and will carry us through the first quarter of next year. What’s changing, the dynamic that’s changing a bit is the projects, the new projects are slower to come to market. We believe there’s going to be a pause in some of the multifamily as the market digests what’s coming, what’s completing throughout this year and as they figure out the right balance between cost of capital and rents and what return they can get on the rents, we just think there’s going to be a temporary pause and then things will start up again at the tail end of 2024. But again, because there’s such a long cycle for those projects to get into the ground, we won’t necessarily see that effect in 2024. So we’re forecasting for multifamily to be off in 2024 as a result.
Dave Rush: And just to add, Matt, it’s continued to drive costs out of the business that don’t add value, the benefit of our platform and the fact that we’ve done the hard work in the last two years to integrate these companies. We have a 30-year average experience with our field leadership group. They know what to do, when to do it and how to manage those costs effectively to maximize whatever is presented to us. And we’ve identified a lot of opportunities to continue to focus on productivity and where we are now is we don’t have to keep reinventing those opportunities because our scale allows us to push that across the platform and we have plenty of runway to take existing ideas in the markets that we haven’t been able to push those ideas yet just because of our scale and find -- keep finding dollars to save.
Dave Rush: Yeah. The only thing I’d add is the national builders continue to be stable, right? I’m not saying that they’re expecting substantial robust growth, but they’re definitely still going forward with the plans that they’ve communicated to us. Their ability to use interest rate buy downs and get a prospective buyer into a monthly payment they can afford is working. They’re basically using that methodology to get a payment and then go from the payment to a selection of house based on that payment and that’s working. So that’s encouraging for the fourth quarter at least to stay at a stable rate and really only be affected by seasonality.
Dave Rush: The development is right on track. We had a preview this week, in fact, of some of the features and that continued to be wowed by our development team. But it’s changed, it’s not only changed for the customers we’re going to introduce it to, but it’s changed for our people. And we want to make sure we do this the right way, the prudent way, methodically, making sure the adoption goes the way we want, because we really only get one bite at this apple. And we want to make sure that what we do is the best way for us to ensure success. But what we’re showing people, you’re going to be impressed by. I can’t wait for you guys to see it when you get to it live.
Dave Rush: Well, the smaller builders don’t have the access to rate buydowns that the larger builders have had and that’s really the main differentiating factor. Interestingly enough, it’s a small percentage of the total market, but there’s a marked increase in cash buyers, which is a big part of what’s going to keep the smaller guys going as well. I think it’s still, the word is, I would use it stable. Again, I don’t think it’ll be robust from a standpoint of every -- all the macroeconomic uncertainty getting resolved. But the demand is clearly there. I mean, I think that’s what’s carried us through with all the headwinds that we’ve faced as an industry in the last six months. The -- I think it’s been a ultimate proof point that the long-term demand is there. So as far -- as long as we can keep that affordability equation in check, I think that it’ll be a stable environment and that’s what we’re hearing from our larger customers.
Dave Rush: I would just add that, the thing I pay attention to is what’s the average backlog in our plants today? Very healthy, three-week to four-week backlog. That’s where we want to be because we want to be at that level of customer service as well. We’re seeing that still stay steady and healthy.
Dave Rush: The only thing I’d add is, we have a focus on using our scale to leverage our supply chain opportunities better, get a lower landed cost, more direct sourcing. Those come in little bits. We get a bite here on a product, a bite there on a product, but over time they start adding up. That along with the investments we’ve made in the manufacturing, automation and the efficiencies gained there, again, a little bit at a time, but then you look back at six months of doing it and it’s actually a meaningful number. Those things we’re starting to be able to track and see actually help.
Dave Rush: Yeah. That’s a great question. I would tell you, understand the pilots are not for learning how to implement. It’s for learning how to develop. So what we’ve used the pilots for is get the product where we want it to get. Having said that, one of the favorite modules of the folks that are engaged is the one that you can take and put all the plans for HVAC, framing, plumbing, all into a module and it shows where those trades potentially would collide with each other and resolve that collision before it goes live into the field and that is the one that particularly builders think gives them the biggest and quickest return from savings, because it minimizes the mistakes that you would have to learn on the fly in the field and you get ahead of them. So that’s probably the one that we get the most positive feedback on. But what we’re really trying to do is get everything resolved from a customer perspective on the front end so when we go to a full product launch, they’ll already have solved the problems that they’re counting on us solving.
Dave Rush: Yeah. The only thing I’d add is, keep in mind we’re talking the full year, right? We’re not sure if we might have some more macro headwinds in the beginning of the year and at ease as the year goes on. But who knows? And what we hear more often than not, though, is the back half would probably be slightly better than the front half in that scenario.
Dave Rush: Well, what I can say definitively, it’s embedded in our culture now. I mean, we have everybody in the field at all points. We offer incentives for any employee to come up with an idea and submit it and if it’s an idea that we can use to cultivate savings from, we reward that employee for that idea. So, it is embedded in our culture. We have leaders from the field come together every year to set targets, set goals and try to identify initiatives that will be the primary focus. And what I’m proud about is our ability to consistently deliver savings each year.
Dave Rush: Yeah. The only thing I’d add is and why I use the term pause versus halt, is just the underlying housing demand need. I mean, if they can’t get into single-family because of affordability concerns, multifamily is the next best option. And I think it will be relatively quick for the rent factor to be figured out to where we get to a rental number that’s cheaper than a mortgage, maybe more than we wanted to pay, but at the end of the day, it’s the best chance I’ve got to get my own place. So maybe pause is too optimistic, but it’s something that I hold because of the overall demand that we see out there.
Dave Rush: Yeah. I would say the west relatively has shown a little bit more of a bounce. That’s for sure. I’d say parts of Texas flattened for sure. I think we’re seeing a nice uptick, relative uptick in the north central and in some of those markets. But we’re at the beginning of the year, the discrepancy between great and not so great was wider, it’s -- that gap’s closed. It’s more stable across all markets at this point from a perspective of year-over-year comparison.
Dave Rush: The only thing I’d emphasize is what Peter said at the very beginning. We’re looking at the industry. We’re seeing where our customers’ pain points are and we identify those as opportunities for us. So we’re trying and we’re focusing on how we can help solve labor challenges for our customers and create opportunity for ourselves. We’ve got core base operations in our major markets that do that today. We’re looking to expand that into additional products. There’s ways we can do what we’re already good at and expand that and that’ll grow share. The other thing I would add is, we have the last couple years been in somewhat of a maintenance mode because we have had to. We’ve had sales guys that were covered up and just handling the business they already had. We’re going to also make a concerted effort to invest in the sales board to go out and be more hunters than we are gatherers. So those two things we think are realistic initiatives that will help us grab share.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Just to add to it. I think it’s the theme of normalization. We’ve seen such displacement in the industry over the last couple of years, multifamily included. You’re going to see that theme, I think, in a lot of what we’re talking about. Things are going well, but certainly normalizing back from some of that displacement.
Peter Jackson: That’s a fair -- it’s a fair comment. Really, the reason why we gave the range that we did is we think there are a number of scenarios that could play out. If you want to go below the low end of this, I love the question because I think what you didn’t ask is as informative as anything and that’s nobody’s challenging our double-digit margins, even when the market’s down. And that’s because we’ve demonstrated an ability to maintain those margins, to see healthy profitability, to benefit from the mix of our business and we expect to continue to be able to do that. Now, we’ll certainly retain our discipline around costs. We’ll continue to resize facilities and markets, depending on what the starts number is and what the business looks like. But I think our theme around here is really about consistent performance and operational excellence and not really seeing a huge need to do something unwise for the business, but just keep doing what we’re doing because we’re seeing great results.
Peter Jackson: We won’t give anything specific, but I think it’s fair to say we do expect to see normalization into 2024, that pullback, the reversal of the multifamily in particular. But overall, that normalization theme, I think, applies to margins as well.
Peter Jackson: Sure. I can get started. I’m sure Dave will have a commentary as well. But the year has been a good year, right? We had that big reset at the beginning when the builders decided where their new rates would be, and it’s been very stable. I think we did expect there to be a little bit more volume in the third quarter. We thought there’d be a little bit of a push. Certainly the commentary from the large nationals was very strong and for a variety of reasons, whether it be tone or weather or whatever the factors were, it just wasn’t as good as we expected. Our performance was still quite good. We’re certainly pleased with our profitability. But as we look at the way the year has played out into the fourth quarter, it’s still healthy. The strength of the business continues and we’re pleased with that ability to continue to see good flow through on the sales side, despite some of the headlines that sort of have gotten everybody so concerned.
Peter Jackson: It’s pretty modest in the first year. It’s in the hundreds of millions of sales, but we’ve certainly got a lot of focus in the organization on the initial adoption, the communication and getting it into the hands of both our side of our sales people and leadership, as well as our customers. But so far, the feedback’s been great. We’re really pleased with the tools and the development successes. We’re meeting milestones and feeling really good about the product that we’re going to have to show the market and we’re excited that the market’s going to be able to benefit from the tools to improve efficiency and take costs out.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Yeah. I guess the short answer is we are expecting some outperformance. But if I just could re-baseline on the key components. Single-family up, multifamily down on the normalization. The two big drivers there, obviously, continued normalization in both the sales and the margins in those displaced areas. Multifamily, those categories where we saw some out-earning, that’s certainly happening. But we are confident in our ability to take share and see growth based on what we’ve been able to deliver and the investments we’ve made.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. No. That’s a good question, Keith. One of the things that obviously drew my attention was that number this quarter and making sure that we understood exactly what was going on in the business. I’ll start by saying, we feel very good about the number. It has performed better than expected versus the starts over the last year and it’s given us confidence that both the volume and the margins are real and sustainable. What you’re seeing in the comps, though, is that last year when the thing -- when the market, when single-family starts really started to turn down, we saw a massive and meaningful impact on the lumber and lumber sheet goods, right, the core commodity component of our business. That turned down quick, but at the same time, we were still seeing growth in our value-added categories. The manufacturer product, window stores and millwork, all still growing as we were working through all that backlog, right? The extended cycle times by the builders, the lack of product by the vendors, that was clearing. So that was a dynamic last year. This year, we’re lapping that. And so what we’ve seen is that, well, statistically or on a percentage basis a bit weaker than some of the other categories and looking worse on average. It’s actually in line. It’s just a little bit of timing in terms of the year-over-year. So, still feel good about it, still investing, still seeing the benefits, both on the profitability and the revenue line, but a little bit of comp issue.
Peter Jackson: I’d say in general, it’s across the Board. We’ve talked a lot about inflation and some of the impacts there. Some of that has pulled back. We’ve seen certain categories pull back. We’ve seen the competition increase and some of those margins erode. Clearly, the bulk of it, the vast majority of it is on the commodity components, but we’ve seen a little bit elsewhere, probably value add, no, not probably, value add the least in terms of margin normalization, but across the Board, I think it’s fair to say.
Peter Jackson: I think we’ve talked about it in prior quarters, there are a couple of categories that we’ve seen make some moves, probably, the better, the most obvious example is after commodities is engineered lumber. They had some pretty substantial price increases and have given a portion of that back. I would say in general, though, it’s been fairly modest.
Peter Jackson: Good news is there have been cost increases for the most part that’s leveled out. We’re back to a regular, normal increase for cost of inflation and that’s it.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I mean, R&R is fairly small for us, as you know. In that 20% of the business range, it’s inclusive of our retail and commercial categories. So that’s -- there’s a lot in there. In general, what we’ve seen is that we’ve had a bit more capacity available as the overall market has slowed and that’s allowed us to focus in and we’ve had some success. So while there have been, we see it as well, some headlines out of the economists that the investment side on the R&R might be pressured, we’re feeling pretty good about what we’ve seen so far and our ability to fill available capacity by just offering our better services and product portfolio and expertise to categories of customers who want it but haven’t been able to get access to it.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. No. That’s the million-dollar question, Collin. You’re absolutely right. We continue to wrestle with this. We continue to see the trends of that normalization, right? The share that we took, that we took a lot of and given back a little bit of it. The price that we took and we took a lot of and given back a little bit of it. It has played out, but I think it’s been slower than we’ve anticipated. This quarter we did see a fair amount of what we expected. I think where the beat came, at least in my mind, was some of the timing around some of the rebates, some of the productivity, some of the favorable tailwinds and some of the product mix, which is a little better than expected. Not massive, but it accumulated into a number that was a healthy beat on the margin line, to your point, expected.
Peter Jackson: We do. Yeah. We think those things are kind of hand in glove, both the volumes and then the resulting margins as competition levels a little bit.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So there’s a couple of different pieces, right? If you stipulate, which I think you have, that we’ve set multifamily aside for all the reasons we’ve already talked about, I think the storyline on single-family is that we’ve seen the bulk of the margin normalization in the core products. There’s more to go, but I think we’ve seen the bulk of it. If you look at subcategories quarter-over-quarter, so Q3 2023 to Q3 2022, you’re talking mid-single digits percentages of margin that we’ve given back in the commodity space. We’ve given back price and margin in every one of the categories. So that normalization that we’ve been talking about, we’ve been digesting it and we’ve been processing it. I don’t think we’re done. I think when we look at the numbers, we see the trends in certain categories and markets, there’s probably another leg there, but it’s far smaller than the first leg. So we’re in the sixth, seventh inning here. We’re not in the second inning. That said, there’s certainly every quarter timing and things that come through in terms of, like Dave said, when we see benefits, when we see the timing on certain rebates, that sort of thing and multifamily is not to be minimized, right? It’s been a big deal for us this year and we do think it will normalize into next year.
Peter Jackson: Maybe the best example of that that Dave was just referring to is the shoppable digital twin. So that has been a core aspect of this, right? You’re taking the plan, you’re putting it into that three-dimensional environment and the real bang for the buck is the shopability. They want to be able to pick up a siding or a roofing or whatever and see it on the rendering, have it be impacted with the real design, be able to quote it and shop it and buy it. And that entire experience, as you might imagine, is quite complex, right? It’s challenging both technically and from a UI/UX user interface, user experience type of dynamic. So what we’ve been really focused on this summer is putting our product in front of them, right, as it stands, getting the feedback of how it works, how they’re actually going to transact and interact with that tool and making the tweaks behind the scenes to really drive the technology and the functionality to meet that need state head-on. And so when Dave talks about development and using the feedback from customers on development, that’s a really big one for us and super excited about what the teams are coming up with. We got to see some pilot stuff recently or some demo stuff recently. I agree with Dave. You all are going to like it.
Peter Jackson: No question, affordability rates in particular are in focus for us in terms of trying to predict that starts number. It’s an interesting balance, though. We’ve continued to see very healthy, very stable, as Dave referred to sales and production through the industry. But that question of is there a magic number of mortgage rates that really puts a step down type of impact on this industry is in everybody’s minds. So far, no. But we’re certainly keeping a close eye on it and really what you’re seeing here, and I was trying to highlight it a little bit before, these are different ranges that we’ve seen from economists. We think this encompasses what we saw from all the economists that we were gathering in the last month or two. So, certainly, we’ll continue to dial this in. We’ll continue to update it based on what we’re seeing. But that’s kind of the context in which we came up with it.
Peter Jackson: We’re ready regardless and I think that’s kind of our outline here with the scenarios is we’ve got a high performing business. We’re going to deliver really favorable positive numbers regardless of which way this goes. So, we didn’t want to hesitate to put this out there for people to contemplate because sometimes the skepticism or the fear in the marketplace can become a little more than what’s appropriate.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So I’m glad you asked that question, because I do want to differentiate between a couple of things. First of all, the 3% to 5% is our goal internally. So please do not ever load that into your numbers, because I don’t want to steer you the wrong direction. In terms of what we’ve been able to do, it certainly gets harder, right? I mean, you talk about it being the first couple of years of being harvesting the low-hanging fruit. We have a tremendous opportunity to continue to deliver productivity savings, but I think those savings become a bit more challenging, a bit more programmatic over time. So I think a moderating of the annual number is appropriate, but we intend to continue to deliver on that over time and that will be an important part of our discussion in December as well.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Yeah. So, I guess, the comments I’d make when we talked about a bounce back in a couple of different scenarios, Dave did refer to it a multifamily, we talked a little bit about on single-family. So, I want to make sure we separate those two for starters. Multifamily, we don’t know when the pause is. There’s no question in our minds, downside is coming, right? We can see that because we’re selling into the middle of next year already and we’re seeing the declines in quotes and bids and so on. Now, the one thing I also want to be real careful of is, we don’t sell into high rises or some of the other urban environment. That’s not really our play for the most part, right? Where five-story and below would frame multifamily structures, which we do think is going to be a more responsive to the housing needs that we see in the U.S. market in this day and age, and some of the other dynamics that we think are favorable to that. But your comments are accurate in terms of what we’re seeing. There is certainly pessimism, the higher rates have made deals and projects more difficult to pencil out and we have seen a downturn. I would say at this stage, we’re not seeing the numbers you’ve been teeing up there. Is it possible? Sure. Wouldn’t out -- wouldn’t rule out it going anywhere. For us, though, I think our ability to do a couple of things. One is to, to scale our facilities, change shifts. But also the second thing is to rebalance where we put our load from a value-added products perspective. We can certainly move single-family to multifamily and vice versa, which we’ve been doing recently. So we’ll continue to do that and ensure that we’re protecting this franchise because we absolutely believe in multifamily in the long run, even if there’s some cyclicality in the near-term. To your second question, which is the ratio of that multifamily business and what it is weighted towards. I would say that it’s probably 80% weighted towards the start and more 20% weighted towards the completion, just directionally and that’s because the bulk of it is trust and upfront product with a bit of it being related to millwork, which is a little closer to the completion, not at the completion, but a bit closer with that.
Peter Jackson: So I want to be careful here. I totally understand your question. It’s a good question. I don’t want to start getting into guidance for 2024. So I’ll comment directionally based on some of the things we’ve said throughout this year. I hope it’s helpful to you. I think if you go through and look at the margins that we’ve talked about over-earning, it’s been different by quarter. You kind of average them together and you’re kind of in that 150-ish range-ish. So I think that’s a starting point for what we described as over-earning. Now, if you see some of the numbers you’re describing and a big downturn, that adds another layer of challenge to the market and capacity and competition. So that kind of  I won’t say all bets are off, but that’s a different model than what I’m referring to. I’m talking about this year and what we think has been unusual in terms of the over-earning. But both of those will play together.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. In the beginning of the year, definitely. As we came into this, we saw a lot sort of west to east, the markets got stronger, right? West was the worst. That changed a little bit as the year progressed. I’d say west bottomed out and bounced a little bit. Central struggled a little longer. We’ve seen certain parts of the, especially the south central sort of drag longer than we expected. Again, not horrible, but if I’m comparing the year-over-year sales trends, they’ve probably trailed the other markets. I don’t know that there’s anything meaningful in terms of differences at this point. I think they’re all pretty comparable.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I mean, there’s a couple of key categories that we continue to run the same play, like in football, if they can’t stop the run, we’re going to keep running. We’re going to keep investing in and taking advantage of the need for value-added products and services in this industry. Builders continue to wrestle with the labor availability problems. They continue to wrestle with on-site efficiency and effectiveness. They continue to wrestle with the cost of capital for the cycle times of building a home. That’s what we’re good at. So we’re going to continue to invest. We’ve got multiple plants coming online. We’ve got more capacity coming online in markets where we think it’s really going to be taken up quickly. So that’s an important piece. The other big important piece for us is digital. We think that we already have a lead, we think we’re already the easiest to do business with, we’re the most efficient, we’ve got the best technology and we’re about to take a big leap in that space that we think is going to be both hugely beneficial to our customers, but also make us even more the supplier of choice and the partner of choice in this industry.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. You’re right. The midpoint is down. Really straightforward answer on that and hopefully it’s consistent with everything you guys know about us and that’s that when we shrink this business, we release a tremendous amount of working capital. And when the business is stable, it’s sort of flat. And when it’s growing, we’re going to use some working capital. We generally use a rule of thumb of about 10% incrementals and decrementals to sales as a good proxy for what happens in our working capital. Obviously, you got some puts and takes there. We’ve done some good work on managing through some issues that we’ve been talking about over the past couple of years. But the primary answer is just the working capital flex with the size of the topline.
