Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 earnings call. Joining me from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Marcie Hyder, Vice President and Controller. After I give a brief recap of our fourth quarter and fiscal year, I'll turn the call over to Chad, who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Our fiscal 2013 concluded with a strong fourth quarter. Our top line growth of 28.3% for the quarter once again exceeded the increase in residential construction activity, as actual single-family housing starts in the south region increased 14.2% and single-family units under construction increased 23.9%. In addition, our fourth quarter sales for U.S. single-family housing start were $2,576 and were $4,948 on a south region single-family start basis, both of which are the highest quarterly figures in our company history. Our gross margin percentage increased to 22.4% for the current quarter, up from 20.2% for the fourth quarter of 2012. Higher sales volume and better customer pricing were the primary drivers of our overall margin improvement in what is still a very competitive pricing environment. We ended fiscal 2013 with sales of approximately $1.5 billion, a 39.2% increase over fiscal year 2012 sales. From a U.S. single-family housing starts perspective, 2013 ended with 618,400 actual starts, up 15.5% over 2012, but still well below the 50-year average of 1 million single-family starts. When coupled with the ongoing recovery in U.S. housing, our market share gains of recent years have helped accelerate the pace of our sales growth. In turn, this enabled us to end fiscal 2013 with positive earnings before taxes of approximately $6.8 million when excluding the effects of charges related to our May 2013 debt refinancing. I'll now turn the call over to Chad who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. We certainly closed 2013 on a strong note as indicated by our fourth quarter results. However, winter weather across our markets thus far in 2014 has caused disruptions and has delayed construction activity. Nevertheless, we still believe a growing demand for housing exists in our markets and that once the weather abates, increased construction activity will return. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Trey, this is Floyd, and I'll answer that. I think -- let me just kind of walk you through this. Through February to date, we estimate it's going to have -- the weather probably is going to put us 10% to 15% off of our expected pace. If we can make up half of that shortfall in March, which I think is reasonable because we certainly have the capacity to do so, that will leave us somewhere 5% to 7% off our expected pace for the quarter. The -- we think for the quarter that we will still outperform housing start activity in last year's first quarter. So all in all, I think that under the circumstances that we've had to deal with, our performance for the quarter will be pretty darn good. I can tell you that on days where we weren't contending with the weather, our shipping volume was about what we had anticipated or budgeted it to be. I think this indicates housing construction activity is still very good and that the weather is a major factor behind the shortfalls and with weather, the good part about that is you don't lose the business, you only get it delayed. I think that we certainly have a chance of coming out close to the quarter, maybe slightly ahead of the quarter of where we were last year. I would give the range of somewhere 0% to 10%, something in that magnitude. Chad, what -- you're playing with the numbers.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. The -- all the work [ph] from all of our reporting markets, we're getting -- still getting very, very positive feedback from the builders. Builders' anticipation is still high. The -- we still get good reports of model home traffic. The -- so I think building activity is going to be pretty much where everybody's forecasting it to be this year. I think the -- I still feel very good with everything that I'm saying that we're going to look at 15% to 17% increase in single-family construction.
Floyd F. Sherman: Right, yes. We still have some -- a small amount of cash taxes related to some state taxes, I think a couple hundred thousand a quarter, probably.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. The roofing sales were higher a year ago and that was probably primarily up in Eastern Tennessee and Alabama.
Floyd F. Sherman: The only commodity, really, that I would anticipate seeing some pretty sharp movement in here in the coming months is OSB. As you know, the OSB prices have been really depressed over where they had been and even where it was, the year average was in 2013. The -- I think a lot of that right now certainly is weather-related and that once the weather begins no longer being a factor, we're going to start seeing some upward push on OSB.
Floyd F. Sherman: We really haven't changed our strategy the last few quarters. I do feel like we're well covered this quarter and if you're looking at our inventory turns in the fourth quarter, those over impacted somewhat by the weather as well. But we've been into a good quarter [ph], we ended the quarter in good shape. So our strategy really hasn't changed, but I feel good about where we are right now.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, I think the numbers you just said were on target. We really don't have any plans at the moment for what we might do with some of the cash flow we're generating. We're always looking for opportunities to expand, whether it's greenfield or through acquisitions, and we've looked at a few acquisitions recently and then we'll continue to do so. If we can find some that makes sense, we'll certainly pursue those. But I don't think we're going to have a problem with ending the year with so much cash that we don't know what to do with it. But I do think we'll be free cash flow positive this year and then we'll look for ways to put that cash to use.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. And our -- the weather impact really was as far south as Houston, from Atlanta north all the way through our markets. We've really been seriously hit with some -- as you know, the papers are full of the reports, but we have really had to deal with a lot of weather-related problems so far this year. We -- in our fourth quarter, we just had a smattering of some weather issues that Chad said the most serious was here in North Texas, but it was not widespread through all of our markets.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, from my viewpoint, we really haven't seen any change in the competitor behavior regarding pricing. The -- it's still very, very tough out there, very aggressive. There's -- depending upon the situation, you have people who will take business at any cost and the -- I really think the -- one of the major factors that are helping us improve our margin is our willingness to walk away from business. We have continued to walk from business where we just didn't feel the margins were what we wanted to live with. And I think that's beginning to really have an effect -- a positive effect on our business. Obviously, with improving business conditions, maybe you have a few more alternatives and our sales force is responding extremely well to that. The -- very honestly, after a while, you get damn tired of working for nothing and our people are -- and our sales force who are compensated on 10% of gross margin, they're hungry and -- but at the same time, they're doing everything possible to get the margins up and when we can't get the minimum margin levels that we have established and set and expect, then we're walking from that business and we'll continue to do so. And we obviously have been still taking very nice market share and I will continue to say, when you take market share in a very tough market, pricing becomes the primary tool that is used to take market share. And we intend to keep growing our market, taking all the share, but we're going to do it more prudently than we did back when you had to have business at any cost when we were back in the 2010 and '11 times.
Floyd F. Sherman: Probably our single largest SKU that we purchase in what would be 7/16 or the flooring items, a lot of specialty items of OSB other than just the exterior sheathing. But it is a major product category. It probably accounts for close to 30% of our commodity makeup in dollars.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, from what we hear and we see the same builder commentary that you do and also hearing from our guys in the field, I think labor is going to be another issue this year. It's going to continue to be an issue this year. So the way that impacts our business, as we've said in the past is, there's more of a demand for us to install our products, which we've done more of the last couple of years than ever before. And then it increases the demand on the Prefab Components side of the business, which we've said all along is a favorable sales shift for us that typically will move sales from the Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods category to the Prefab Components category. So as far as the impact on our business, that's a favorable shift.
Floyd F. Sherman: Our installed business in 2013, if you include the labor portion and the material portion, was around 22% of our sales, 23%. Pretty consistent with where it was in 2012. But if you go back prior to 2012, say, 2005, 2006, it was less than 5% of our business. So that part of the business has certainly grown.
Floyd F. Sherman: I would categorize us as very pleased with how that product line is progressing. It's still not back to where it was pre-downturn, but we probably made up close to half the ground and it was still very low levels of starts. So I think we're happy with where we are, but I also think there's still quite a bit of upside.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, as we've said in recent quarters, we do expect gross margin to continue to improve, but it's not going to happen overnight. It's going to take homebuilding getting healthier and as each quarter goes by and homebuilding gets stronger, then I think we'll continue to see gradual gross margin improvement. From a market perspective, everyone's certainly still up year-over-year. I would say some of our strongest EBITDA performance markets have been Texas, Florida, Western Tennessee, the Baltimore, Washington area and Atlanta and Charlotte are performing well. I would say some of the weaker environments are still Central Alabama and Central Georgia. But again, everyone's certainly performing better than they were a year ago.
Floyd F. Sherman: But you also have to remember the Houston window plant only supplies the Texas market. So the rest of [ph] the markets are -- we purchase for and resell the windows. But we try to grow all aspects of all of the major components of our business, we try to keep it on an equal basis. We're putting a lot more emphasis on the engineered products side of the business, processed wall panels, engineered floor and so forth, but the -- we still would hope that we can keep the growth up in all of the other products and so far, we've been successful doing that.
Floyd F. Sherman: I don't know that the size of the homes has changed all that much, maybe slightly bigger. And certainly, we're getting a bigger share of the wallet with existing customers, but we've also added a lot of new customers the last couple of years. So it's certainly a combination of things. Another way we look at it is -- and it varies by the size of the home and the type of home, but I would say if we were to sell our entire product offering into a home, we're probably talking $25,000 average, something like that in, say, maybe a 2,500-square foot home. But it's really just been a combination of increasing our wallet with existing customers and adding a lot of new customers.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, we've only got a couple of mothballed locations that we could potentially reopen. We're certainly always looking for ways to strengthen our presence in existing markets or in adjacent markets, whether that be through greenfield or acquisitions. But I would say that the likely path in the near-term is to grow within our existing markets or within the adjacent markets.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. We have definitely seen the announcements on -- from the window companies, as well as the interior/exterior door companies. They -- their intentions are to increase the prices to the market. The -- we have on products that we buy for resale, it's our intention then to pass the increases on with our markups. The -- I can't really say at this point that the increases have gone into effect, but they will be here over the next 60 days, but we have discussed these things with our customers, customers are aware of it and we'll just have to wait and see if they stick. And right now, I would say from everything that I'm seeing and hearing, they're pretty much going to go into place.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. Most of those are running anywhere from 4% to 7%, that's what we're seeing on those particular products.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay, thank you. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give Chad Crow or Marcie Hyder a call here in Dallas. Have a good day.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we did have -- we did get squeezed on margin in the first quarter of '13. If you remember, commodity prices were still -- there was still quite a bit of inflation going on then. If I remember, it was probably around 150 basis points or so we estimated the margin impact in Q1 of '13. So that shouldn't take place this year. So hopefully that will give you a little indication of kind of where we're sitting this quarter.
M. Chad Crow: Well, from a federal tax standpoint, there really won't be any cash until we've blown through the NOL, which I don't think will be till deep into 2016.
M. Chad Crow: I don't think there's anything to read into our sales based on unit under construction other than the weather slowed up a lot of the construction in our market. And from a pricing standpoint, competition standpoint, it's -- as Floyd said earlier, it's still very tough out there. I would say it gets a little bit better as the pace of construction picks up, but it's still pretty darn competitive.
M. Chad Crow: During the downturn, once our liquidity got below, say, $75 million or so, then we started getting somewhat concerned. I certainly wouldn't want our liquidity to get below $50 million. So we're in good shape at the moment.
M. Chad Crow: Well, if I remember right, the biggest impact was in -- Texas got hit with a heck of an ice storm in December, pretty much shut things down in North Texas anyway for about a week. I would say in general, the first quarter has certainly been much more difficult from a weather perspective than Q4. I don't really recall Q4 being all that unusual. But I would say Q1 this year is the worst I've seen in the 14 years I've been here as far as the impact in our markets.
M. Chad Crow: We really have not experienced those problems. We have obviously -- we've grown our window business. We've been able to acquire the labor, get it trained, get it productive and we're very pleased with how our window operation is going and the -- some of the other issues that other manufacturers are having, because of the quality of our management in that operation, we've been able to avoid. So I'm happy, while many others are not happy with their window situation.
M. Chad Crow: I think 2014 will look similar as far as the leverage and the variability of SG&A, probably somewhere in that 60% to 65% range variable. We are having to add drivers and adding to our delivery capability, but that's part of the variable component but I still think we have a lot of potential there to leverage very well.
M. Chad Crow: No. I would probably categorize the margin as being fairly consistent with where we were in Q4. But from an OpEx perspective, we do typically have some higher costs in the first quarter from a payroll, tax standpoint and some other accruals that start over at the beginning of the year. But if you go back and look historically at our OpEx in Q1, it's typically a little higher than Q4, the previous quarter.
M. Chad Crow: Certainly I would expect prefab, yes, to continue to gain momentum and also the window plant in Houston, I think, that they're going to have another great year. I wouldn't say they're going to grow, but they'll probably grow a little bit faster than the rest of the business. But I think the most potential we have right now is on the prefab side.
