Dave Rush: Thanks Peter. Let me close by saying that we feel really good about our strategy and our execution so far in 2023. Our investments in value-added products, productivity initiatives, and digital solutions are all delivering on our goal to improve our customers experience in partnership with BFS, while driving growth over the long term.  While 2023 still appears to be a challenging year for our industry, I'm confident that we can create value for our shareholders through executing our strategy, our focus on value-added products and services, and our disciplined deployment of capital towards growth opportunities.  Thank you again for joining us today. Operator, let's please open the call now for questions. 
Dave Rush: Yeah, I'd just add Matt, that customers see those products as less price sensitive because they are solving problems for them, they are addressing labor concerns for them, and they are reducing cycle times for them, and they can make up some of those costs through the reduction of those cycle times. So that's why we focus on it, from being easiest to do business with perspective and driving value for our customers. 
Dave Rush: So, what we're hearing from customers is the word stability. You're not really hearing robust. You're hearing more things are stable and that's kind of what we're using as the backdrop of our valuations for our forecast as well. There's increased optimism when mortgage rates stay consistent, and the underlying demand supports a fairly resilient demand when mortgage rates stay consistent. But it's still a volatile overall environment, and we're working with that as a backdrop. And so we're feeling pretty good, but it's all on a relative basis.
Dave Rush: I would just add Mike that, yeah the multi-family tailwind will wane as we go farther into the year for sure. And you know we also anticipate the products that anyone can provide will be increasingly competitive, because supply chain issues have waned as well. But the stuff we're good at, the value-added stuff we're good at is where it's a little stickier. So it's a combination of all of those.
Dave Rush: Hey Trey, this is Dave. I think it's a market-by-market evaluation Trey. I mean, again, it's still similar to what we've said previously. If you go from west to east, it's a little tougher out west than it is in the east, and where demand is a little tougher, we're seeing definitely more competition, again, around the products that anyone can do. Where we're still doing really well is with the value-added products and the stickiness with those customers around those products and being able to get value for those, because they're more valuable to the customer. Again, it's something that creates efficiencies for them, solves problems for them, they are willing to pay more in those scenarios, because they see the value. But it's generally more west to east as far as competition is going right now around areas where anybody can provide the product and where the supply chain has started to normalize.
Dave Rush: Well, I think that the exciting thing for me Trey is, where we have the most opportunity is where we're already pretty good, and that's in the manufacturing efficiencies and driving technology that create labor efficiencies in the manufacturing process. You've heard us use that we have increased 22% of board foot per labor hour. That's continuing to improve, and as we continue to invest in that segment of the business, there's still a pretty long runway there.  As far as the distribution side of the business, the exciting thing there is, as we continue to develop best practices and then we leverage it across 570 locations, that generally also is a meaningful number, and we still think there's opportunity along those lines as well, and all of that supports our pledge that we're going to be the easiest to do business with, and it also is something that we can illustrate to our customers, where we bring value to the party beyond just delivering product. 
Dave Rush: But I would just add, you know early in the year with the volatility of expectation that was out pretty much with anybody that you taught, it was tough to put a stake in the ground and say ‘we're great and we know we're going to be okay.’ Our guys did a fantastic job of preparing for the worst and hoping for the best. So we prepared for the downside scenario with our cost management, and then as we got clearer sights of how the market or the quarter was going to play out, we managed against that baseline.  And as you heard, even from our builder customers, we just reflected the same sentiment they did at that point in time. And as you're hearing them now, they are also saying it was better than they expected. So it's kind of a combination of all of that. 
Dave Rush: The only thing I'd add is we've got a really substantial backlog that gets us through 2023 and beyond. But that backlog is declining. In other words, we're completing jobs at a faster pace than we're filling the pipeline back up, because that sector in general is facing the same capital cost issues that the single-family sector is facing. And there's just kind of a pause or a hesitancy in that group to try to figure out what the value proposition going forward needs to look like.  We still believe, again long-term, housing demand wins, including in multifamily. But as there's a little bit of a recalibration of that capital cost, we are seeing jobs finished at a greater rate than jobs being entered into the pipeline out 12 months and beyond.
Dave Rush: Yeah, thanks for that question. Within the multi-family segment for us, it's primarily value-add. We don't do a lot of non-value add with our multi-family customers and Truss is the overwhelming majority of the value-add. So it will always have a higher percent of multi-family sales as being value-add.  Now in the context of the overall business, it's still a fairly – it's 13% of our total business. So even in that context, it doesn't move the needle very much either way versus the single-family.  Now, what I will tell you, is our guys have done a great job where we have multi-family plants at capacity moving business to single-family plants that are under capacity. And that's the value of our platform and the ability to have, to manage the effectiveness of where we can build those Trusses in the most efficient way by having the availability of those single-family plants.  So there is a coordinated effort to build those Trusses where we can get the most efficient cost and it has to be within the radius of the job that we're trying to supply. But there's a lot of coordination that goes on there and a significant integration effort to make that happen. 
Dave Rush: I think what you're saying is or asking about is the bank implications on demand, and as a result, what is that doing with our supply chain partners? I would tell you there are products that there is a little of additional capacity versus demand, but in general, our supply chain partners at this point in time have worked through where they had excess capacity in the first quarter and kept things at a normalized environment.  So they are still experiencing inflationary pressures in their business as well, specifically around labor, and they've been a little reluctant to get too aggressive, unless it was to balance the capacity versus on-hand situation, which pretty much worked itself out in the first quarter. So I think we're in that. You know the word of the day for the industry is stabilization. I think we're all in kind of a stable market and trying to be nimble and be able to respond either on the upside or the downside as necessary, and I think that's kind of where we are today.
Dave Rush: As far as the green shoots comment, I think what we're seeing from our customers is they are cautiously optimistic. Again, that things will be stable, and there are areas where things are showing the ability for demand to be resilient when mortgage rates are at a level where buyers enter into the market again.  Areas of the country that we've seen where that's a little better are where there's actual pockets of strength with real job growth versus what was somewhat of a boom during COVID that's kind of now receded. So again, mainly moving west to east is where we see it improving. And west is coming, starting to show signs of at least of leveling out. 
Dave Rush: And the only other thing I'd add specifically around Truss is the premise around adding multifamily Truss was in market diversification from single-family. And that only works when you have the coordination between the single-family plants and the multi-family plants to be able to share work. And what we're doing really well is figuring that out and integrating that, and it accomplishes our objective to make sure when multi-family's hot, we're able to hit there, when single-family's hot we're able to hit there.
Dave Rush: Yeah. The productivity savings actually is also a component of margin where it relates to manufacturing, where we've gained manufacturing efficiencies. It actually is a positive contributor to our margin as well, so it's both. When we get it in the SG&A categories and the COGS categories through manufacturing efficiencies.
Peter Jackson: Thanks, Matt. Yeah, no, it's a great question. We've been talking, about gross margins for quite a while now, ever since the merger and trying to get a sense of where normal is. We felt really good based on where the business was at that merger date. That 27% or better was something we felt good about on sort of a long-term normalized basis, taking out all the noise around supply chain and that type of thing.  But we were continuing to look at it, right? We've been looking at it, managing the business, but in the meantime, we've been working. So, we've worked to improve our value add as a percentage of the overall business, right. The acquisitions we've made, improving mix, it's grown faster, and it’s been more resilient. So the biggest component being just the increased mix of value add on an ongoing basis, we think that's meaningful and important to our average gross margins over time.  In addition, we've done a really good job internally of managing productivity, even in a volume down market overall, certainly giving us a lot of confidence that the investments we've made in value add productivity and automation have yielded the benefits we were expecting. So those two factors are the most powerful. And the last one I think is, as we've seen a market as down as it was in Q1, and I think we can all admit, this was a challenging year-over-year compare, we still performed very, very well and that gives us the confidence that we needed to start moving that normalized margin up to 28% plus, because we see that as being really proof positive of the value of what that product does for our customers and for us.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yeah, and I'll let Dave talk to the overall market. What I would say is this is consistent with what we have been communicating. This still assumes that we're going to continue to see an increased competitive environment, a challenging volume environment in Q2, and normalization that continues to flow through in margins and sales. So while we're absolutely confident in the business, I don't want anybody to think that there still aren't some difficult comps coming, at least for the next quarter or two and that's really what you're seeing there in the numbers. 
Peter Jackson: Yeah, and I think probably the first point is that, our thinking around that free cash flow conversion is probably north of $1.5 billion now, because of that call-off we said north of $1 billion in the past, so that's a significant increase in terms of what we're seeing. As you know Mike, some of that is really attributable to the slowdown in the business and the spinning off of some of the value on our working capital balance sheet. The reality is, we are performing quite well and we will continue to deploy capital in the strategy that we've outlined in the past. The board has been very supportive, whenever we need authorization, because we think we have cash to put to work, they'll be there for us and they're absolutely hand-in-glove with us on this strategy, so $1 billion seems fine for now, but we'll revisit it if it makes sense.  I mean the only thing I'll point out is, right, we're done with sort of the windfall benefit of the very, very high commodities, so some of the volumes of share buyback that we've seen over the past couple of years because of those commodities are past that. 
Peter Jackson: Well, it's certainly a nice part about that business is we do have a bit more visibility to the backlog. Right now it is substantial, because that part of the market has been strong and in somewhat surprising fashion has maintained its strength. I think there's absolutely a great profitability story in that world right now.  But as Dave mentioned, that will continue to normalize over time as the coal prices and the market prices of commodities tighten. But yeah, that's absolutely part of both, what allowed us to do the M&A in that sector of the market, but what we're enjoying in terms of the results so far this year and through all of 2023.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, I think as a general guideline we still like one to two times based business as a guideline that is helpful in terms of thinking about how to minimize our risk, but still take on an appropriate amount of it. It's a metric that if you think about base business in the last year, we'd say we have room, but we're certainly in the range, rather than if you just look at our trailing 12 actuals, it looks like we're a little bit under leveraged in that regard.  So as this business normalizes, as we get a better visibility into 2023 full year, we'll go ahead and update that base business, give you an updated thought process around the leverage ratio. But at this point, we feel pretty good about our borrowing, both the cost and the tenure and we'll continue to watch it.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, that's a tough question to answer. I think we continue to manage it on a flow-through basis, ensuring that we get the right margins for us. It's been a little bit of back and forth, I hear you. There have been some indications that taking capacity out might be helpful to put a floor under it. There's been some other murmuring, particularly on the OSB side about adding capacity. I think it's kind of range-bound right now, but it’s tough to say. It's been such a surprising commodity over the last few years. I certainly don't feel comfortable predicting, but we're ready.
Peter Jackson: Well, fair question. I would say overall we saw more resiliency in the market than we had forecasted. I think that's fair to say across the board. We saw the most resiliency in the geographically in the East, I would say product-wise in value-add. And in terms of the timing on that, I don't think there's anything strong indicating there is a time horizon that caused the results to be different, meaning each market is digesting what their demand looks like, each market is resetting and placing orders. But overall, I think it's been more orderly and more disciplined in terms of reacting to the step down in sales than we'd originally forecast.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, I mean overall we're very excited about what value-add means in the long term. We've certainly moved the needle quite a bit in terms of our max being a 56% value-add this quarter, but we're not done. There's more opportunity geographically. There are more opportunities to have the full portfolio of products that we have in our offering in markets where it's not there yet. And I think where we ultimately expect to get to is if you look at the digital world, the ability to do more and more of that value-added [inaudible].  We're looking for ways to grow our ability to serve our customers, make them more efficient, help their total cost of build go down. So we're certainly excited about it. We think there's a lot of opportunity there still. You know, there's not a lot of great numbers in terms of share, so it's a little harder to talk about it that way, but we're certainly believers that there's much more to come. 
Peter Jackson: Yeah, I think it's a little bit of a couple of those things. The completion certainly remains strong on those back of the building process products, windows, doors and millwork, a good example. I think there was quite a bit of disruption in that part of the market as well, which slowed the ability to put product on the ground when needed. So that's another big component, but we've also invested. So there's increased ability to serve as well.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, no, you're right. We should have digested the bulk of all this commodity noise, the commodity volatility by next year. Q2 would be the biggest comp in terms of peak pricing hit in Q2 of last year. So it may drain a little bit into Q3, but Q2 is the biggest impact on a year-over-year basis, that's right.
Peter Jackson: We can get back to you on that one. I don't actually have that narrow of a guide off the top of my head. 
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I mean, I think commodity pricing has been the headline that we've all talked about, but there's certainly been a lot of work done on the pricing in the non-commodity side. It's an area that I think really lends itself to the process and the discipline that we've implemented over the last five years or so. So certainly, a nice offset to the volume headwinds from the pricing side. Obviously not all of it, but certainly strong healthy pricing in that space. A chunk of it is absolutely attributable to the multi-family mix change and the profitability of that business.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. You know, free cash flow continues to be a bright spot for us. We actually generated a substantial amount in Q1, and you know that's a bit unusual for us. Some of that has to do with the resizing of the business on a year-over-year comparison basis. But we're still performing well, still quite profitable. So we're comfortable saying that we expect cash flows to be kind of north of that $1.5 billion range for 2023, based on sort of the most likely or middle over the path scenario that we provided.
