Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me today from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. I'll start with a recap of the fourth quarter and fiscal year, then I'll turn the call over to Chad, who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Our sales for the fourth quarter 2012 were $287.6 million, an increase of 49.3% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, which helped generate our first quarter of positive operating income since the third quarter of 2007. As a comparison, actual single-family starts in the South Region increased 25.6% during the quarter, while single-family units under construction increased 20.2% over the same time period, indicating we're continuing to grow our market share. For fiscal year 2012, we ended the year with close to $1.1 billion in sales, up 37.4% over fiscal year 2011, and we reported full year adjusted EBITDA of $6.4 million, a $21.5 million improvement over 2011. Since 2007, our company, through hard work and sacrifice and with the unwavering support of our shareholders, has weathered the worst housing recession in our nation's history. To say I'm proud of what our employees have accomplished in recent years would be an extreme understatement. The housing industry continues to strengthen. Our sales per ship day in the fourth quarter exceeded that of the third quarter, which is highly unusual, given the seasonality of our business. And our Q4 adjusted EBITDA of $3.4 million was our strongest quarter of the year. On a sequential quarter basis, we were able to improve our gross margins by 40 basis points, in spite of a commodity inflation of over 20% during the current quarter. From a U.S. single-family housing starts perspective, 2012 ended with 534,600 actual starts, up 24.2% over 2011, although that is still well below the historical average of 1.1 million single-family units per year. I'll now turn the call over to Chad, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. The momentum we gained in 2012 appears to have carried over into 2013. We believe the housing industry will continue to recover even further in 2013 and that Builders FirstSource is well-positioned to take advantage of this recovery. The recent amendment to our term loan gives us substantial additional liquidity to continue growing our business at an accelerated rate. We look forward to building on what was a very successful 2012. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: We are seeing increases just about on -- in all product categories, but by far and away, the most inflationary part of the -- of our businesses is coming from the Lumber side.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, I think that as long as we continue doing the job of servicing the market, servicing our customers, ensuring that we have adequate inventories to support our sales, that we can continue growing our market share and increasing our -- the sales per start.
Floyd F. Sherman: But I'd like to point out, Chad, in the fourth quarter, we did increase our margins on the commodity side of the business. As slight as it was, it was still, in spite of horrific inflation in the fourth quarter, which exceeded -- was over 20%, we still -- we managed to be able to slightly improve on our margin on the commodity products.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, I think one of the things that you have to look at in our side, and especially on the commodity side of the business, everybody views the market in a different way. It's very, very -- when you're having the type of inflation we're having and you're giving longer-term pricing 60-, 90-day forward pricing, everybody has a different view of where they think that market's going and what the cost structure's going to be and where they bid. And it's still a highly competitive market. We still have more supply than there is demand, and I think that's what really is creating the issues that we've had on improving the margins on this side of the business. I think that we, or at least we would hope, that we're going to begin seeing this issue and this problem begin to subside some as -- at -- because at these higher levels, you just can't afford to make a mistake. And I think people are going to start getting more cautious and being less aggressive in their pricing, in order to prevent that catastrophe from hitting them on -- as they look out and price further and further out.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes, we are beginning to see some signs of it. We're beginning to hear some -- certainly, some improving pricing conditions in a number of our markets. I think what we're going to probably find and I would hope to be able to -- that we will see, is we're going to see less and less of long-term pricing, 60- and 90-day pricing gets extremely risky under these conditions, and especially on the distribution side, the margins aren't there to really support this type of risk-taking. And I would think that many others are going to begin looking at it at the same way we do and begin looking at shorter-term pricing.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think we're going to continue to look at a very slow increase on the Lumber side. OSB, there are some -- a couple of mills slated to come onstream late spring, meaning April, May, that I'm not sure that they're really going to hit as quick as everybody would hope to see the -- that production come online. And I really think it will be later summer before we start seeing good board coming out of those mills. Right now, the OSB, the -- on the panel side, they're running at near capacity, so once those mills come on, I think we'll see some more stabilization on the OSB side. Lumber is -- the mills are -- they're running at, from everything that we can gather in all the research that we've done, would indicate that you're mills are running in the high 80s as a capacity and there are no more -- no new mills slated to come on. China, is still staying as a regular buyer from the West Coast and West Coast of Canada, as well as the U.S. That's going to continue. Markets in India are opening up. So I think we're going to continue to see a very, very tight lumber market all through 2013. And I think there will probably be more upward inflation on lumber than on OSB panels. But both of them we'll be seeing -- for the next couple of quarters, we're going to be seeing, I think, increased prices.
Floyd F. Sherman: And they've run a little bit tougher with the component parts but very definitely, we're improving our margins on those products as well. But it's -- there's a lot of lumber relationship, obviously, in wall panels and roof trusses and floor trusses. So -- but the -- we are able and we're getting cost increase passed on, and we're doing the same on all other products.
Floyd F. Sherman: And we also feel that that's going to come about from -- because of the labor shortages that are beginning to show up, in the install process, as well as all parts of all construction-related aspects. So as the labor tightens, that means the components of the trusses, panels, become more of a cost factor for the builder, and I think we'll be able to continue to move our margins up on those products. And that's where we're anticipating.
Floyd F. Sherman: Hey, we appreciate your joining us today. And if you have any further questions, don't hesitate to call Chad or Marcie Hyder. Thank you.
M. Chad Crow: That's been the biggest challenge for us for the last 4 or 5 quarters. It's like we've been swimming upstream for over a year now. If you look at last year, from the beginning of 2012 to the end of '12, on average, the prices were up over 50%. And so far, in the first quarter of this year, they're up another 8% to 10%. So we're obviously giving price increases pass-through, or we wouldn't even be able to hold our margins flat, much less improve them slightly on a sequential quarter basis. But it's going to continue to be a challenge, as long as we're seeing this inflation, because you're always lagging behind a bit on giving your price increases pass-through, and then if the prices are continuing to -- continue to rise on you, you're constantly chasing that number. But we're still confident once these prices level off, that we're going to -- we'll get caught up on pricing and we'll see margin improvement. But so far this quarter, it's still been a challenge.
M. Chad Crow: Well, historically, our working capital trend's at about 10% of sales. So I would expect whatever incremental sales we can generate this year, that working capital is probably going to grow at about 10%.
M. Chad Crow: Well, 2 things would certainly help that cause. One would be for the inflation to settle down so we can get caught up, and then second, we're still at a relatively low level of housing starts and so obviously, the more construction activity we can see, that should help lessen the pricing pressure as well.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we've taken a lot of costs out of the business, so long-term, I think, we should be able to leverage our operating expenses pretty well. I've said all along that we would certainly be more fixed than variable, up to about $1 billion in revenue, and once we got past the $1 billion, which is where we are now, we will, certainly, are going to become more variable, especially on the delivery side of the business. So long-term, I would probably say we'd be in the neighborhood of 50% to 60% variable. And assuming we can get caught up on pricing, I still think that our goal, as a company, is to get somewhere around 13% to 15% EBITDA flow-through on incremental sales. And that's the goal. It's not going to happen every quarter, but if we're not facing the commodity inflation headwinds and the competitive landscape continues to improve, and that's what we're shooting for.
M. Chad Crow: For the most part, I think we stand by our pricing commitment as do our customers. And so in an environment like that, you could have some customers that want to price-shop you. But I think for the most part, they understand you win some, you lose some. And in an environment like that, I think we could be able to hold our pricing and see some margin improvement.
M. Chad Crow: That's a real tough question. A lot of it depends on what the commodity prices do, how high the inflation is that Floyd just discussed, and the competitive landscape. I certainly think we can see sequential margin improvement. 40 basis points a quarter, I would say, might be a tad optimistic.
M. Chad Crow: Well, that's certainly the product category that has been most impacted there in this downturn. And certainly, as construction activity picks up, we feel like those products will be in higher demand and that those -- that product category has the most room for growth and improvement...
M. Chad Crow: We're constantly evaluating our capital structure and hope sometime in the next year or so, to be able to do some refinancing to improve that. Will it include equity or not, that's -- it's really hard to say at this point, but I can say right now that that's not on the table.
M. Chad Crow: Well, on the term loan, we have a make-whole on the interest through December of '14. So if we pay them down any time before then, we have to make them whole in the interest. As of year end, the make-whole was about $50 million, which is essentially 2 years worth of interest.
M. Chad Crow: That's right. It's -- that's 2 years of interest, so it's really about $6.5 million a quarter a drop. That's correct.
