Dave Flitman: Thanks, Peter. In summary, the homebuilding industry momentum continues to be strong. Our core organic growth and in particular our value-added product categories is outpacing the industry in this unprecedented time given rapid growth in demand and widespread supply challenges. Our base business is large and we believe it will grow in 2022, the BMC integration and cost synergies are well ahead of schedule and the implementation of our digital strategy is ramping up. Our team is focused on operational excellence in delivering exceptional results for our customers and for our shareholders. I'm confident that our differentiated platform and our ability to invest organically and through M&A will deliver above market profitability and generate significant free cash flow for many years to come. Finally, we are excited to host our first ever Investor Day on December 7 and hope to see many of you here in the Dallas area. Operator, let's please open the call now for questions.
Dave Flitman: And then I would just add that we have re-companies in our ability to outpace the market and continue that in our value-added portions of the business, which is also helping to shift the mix of the company. As you saw the strong performance in manufactured products. We also had core organic growth above our average in our millwork, doors and windows business which has continued to strengthen throughout the year despite all the supply chain challenges with that.
Dave Flitman: Yes, thank you. So with regard to the share buyback. To date, we're very, very pleased with what we've been able to accomplish. We think we were able to move, put a lot of capital toward this quarter added on an underpriced stock, and I think we're doing pretty well there. Certainly happy with the momentum. We do have remaining allocation. So we've all been authorized for another roughly $175 million. That is going to be our first priority. No new announcement today or anything into the future, but obviously we sort of demonstrated the way we think about the business and how we're going to work in terms of a balanced capital allocation.
Dave Flitman: Yes, I'll start and then Peter down any color on it, but we continue to see very high demand in manufacturing performance. It's really not just in one geography, it's all across the country. And as we said when we combine these two companies, the complementary nature of our value-added capabilities was going to be very powerful and we certainly see that - see that play out exactly as we expect. I would tell you right now, we haven't more demand than we have capacity for our products and we expect that's going to continue. We have moved the market this direction and the labor challenges, the - the performance around inflation is real. Our customers are all talking about it, we've seen it every day and that's helped us continue to move the market towards offsite manufacturing and helping them be a lot more efficient at the job site. \We have invested heavily in that part of the business and we will continue to do so to make sure we're meeting demand.
Dave Flitman: Yes, just from a modeling perspective, I think, how that manifests itself is a little bit of having both. There will be quarters when certainly the mom and pops will level things out in certain of the more commoditized product areas. Our commitment is to just to be the organization that wins at the end of the day, we think we can continue to perform better than market. We think our mix of products allows us to execute that achievement at a higher than higher than industry margin because of our ability to pull through that value-added mix, do it very efficiently and to manage the combined entity in a way to really leverage scale and drive through those investments in technology and leadership in ways that others can't touch. So certainly think it will continue to be competitive, what they said that doesn't change and there'll be some ebbs and flows and that never moves in a straight line, but we think that base business trend over time it's going to be - is going to be very desirable to all involved.
Dave Flitman: Yeah, I think - the great news is we're seeing strength in all categories of our manufacturing components, whether it's a roof truss systems or floor systems, it has been well publicized. EWP has been a challenging supply environment this year through the great work of our - teams. All around the country we've been able to get the volumes that we needed, although it's been a price, and they remains there. But importantly also our Ready Frame is up over 30% this year on a year-to-date basis in-house count. So we're not really seeing any areas of weakness. And really the system approach that we're taking the structural design helps support all pieces of our manufactured components business. So we're excited about we're getting big traction everywhere.
Dave Flitman: So the base business is certainly a - but really important metric for us going forward for those that maybe don't remember is, is re baselining us at a normalized historical commodity value just taking all that volatility story. What that yields is sort of underlying business that's showing a steady strengthening and increased profitability and yeah, that is the basis for our leverage. We include that in in the investor presentation this quarter to give you an anchor point. We think that's the right way to think about how we're levered over time, because that's a part of the business you can really count on and rely on. So we're going to leverage based on that in terms of our guidance and our commitment over time.
Dave Flitman: Yes, absolutely. And we do think, it's been well publicized here starts of slowed through the third quarter of this year but, but to a customer, every one of them point to supply chain challenges not weakening underlying demand. So there has been a little pause on stores and we saw that through the third quarter and you just see in our results. So that gives me even more confidence that we're going to be able to sustain our performance even in a weaker starts environment. These products are very sticky even if start slow, that the labor challenges are going away, the things we're delivering value on for our customers are not going to change for our value proposition is robust and strong in any stores environment.
Dave Flitman: Well, to your last point, I mean, our scale and reach is tremendous even more so in the combined company. And I think our procurement teams and our field leadership teams are now credited for the great work in securing what we needed for our customers. It has been a dog fight I believe all remaining that we also have great suppliers and they've been tremendous throughout this period in helping to get us more than our fair share in what our customers need. Now having said that, EWP remains a challenge. Even where we've seen lumber and OSB, for instance, kind of loosen up a little bit, the challenge is less than manufacturing right now it's more in drivers and given the, the material to the job sites from a lot of our suppliers, that's also been well publicized exterior doors are still a challenge. So things might be in a little different spot than they were three months ago, but there is still a widespread challenges that that we're up against in the industry every single day. And then just acknowledged your comment about the industry homebuilders wide any one of them that have had very much success this year have had to govern and sort of pull back a little bit on how many stores and how many sales they can make because of those, those same supply chain issues and availability issues. We certainly have seen that but we are not somehow immune to that. That has run through our numbers, but we've also seen the normalization in the bounce off the bottom. So I think there is, there is a lot of reason for optimism that this is a healthy industry making smart decisions about how much we can flow through given the constraints and really looking forward to the day when some of those constraints are.
Dave Flitman: Yeah, I would say Keith it's incrementally better, certainly on the commodity side of the business as I mentioned. That is loosened up a bit. Interior doors are better than they were a quarter ago. We're still struggling with exterior doors. Hardware remains a challenge, moldings remainder challenge. A lot of the specialty products are a real challenge. Windows remains in high demand and with - backlogs. Our team is working on that challenge. It has been for a long time. This is - the encouraging part of it is, even though our millwork, doors and windows organic growth was lower than our total or lower than our total for single-family, we have seen sequentially each quarter of this year that continue to improve. Right. We were at 19% this quarter versus single family of 27.5%, but we were 15-ish in Q2. So I think that just speaks to over to softening, but more importantly, the great work that our team continues to do every day to get us what we need.
Dave Flitman: Yeah, it's still early and we are in those conversations. But obviously we're kicking stars out of this year. We'll certainly many good things for the first half, at least the next year. The other piece of it, which we heard a little bit about is land and development of that and I think this gives them a chance to catch the breath, a little bit and get out in front of that a little bit, where I think they were may be caught off guard a bit with the strength of the start this year. But what we're hearing, by and large is continued strength and continued high demand for what we offer them.
Dave Flitman: Yeah, I know and we may have cash you offline on all that. I don't have all that in my fingertips at the moment Dave but just suffice as to say that we're quite pleased with the penetration that we continue to get and we've put to actually even in the BMC days we've put into looking at this more at a house account level to understand. It's more but organic growth of the business, how are we penetrating the market more. So that's really not a new metric for us and it takes out the noise around what's going on with the commodities in the revenues up and down and we were focused squarely in-house account penetration, as I said, that's up 40% over 30% this year and as you recall, last year was pretty strong. So we're excited about it. It is mirroring very much what's going on with our manufactured products in general and we expect that growth will continue.
Dave Flitman: We're very pleased with Paradigm and that is the broad capability - start the digital platform, right, and the configuration capabilities they have. That they comply almost exclusively to the newer portion of business. As I've said previously, we're excited to be able to take that on the prior categories and expand it more broadly. Apollo was a unique one and that was very opportunistic. If you saw that the - we got a really good deal on that. And it provides particularly mobile capability and some of the fast end works that the Paradigm - provide and take orders chance like management capability. And so we're excited about the end-to-end solution that we have now and if all pick up just say the development were from the back end.
Dave Flitman: Yeah. So it does not. Those are still - hose are limited to the DMC merger synergies. So midpoint of 100 on the P&L for '21 and mid-point of our run rate for what 150 by 2022. That does not include the tailwinds from the smaller entities not tracking in the same way. I don't think it's particularly helpful to report it in that consolidated way. It is showing up in the materials for the profitability obviously in that organic growth number. So probably we won't be breaking that out separately, but certainly we'll continue to talk about excellence metrics and where we can identify significant projects.
Dave Flitman: Yeah. So that goes back to kind of the, my comment about the unusual nature of the market in the current period, there certainly is some expectation that certain aspects of that will moderate things that were based on the timing of sourcing, the things that were based on usual disconnect service placements in the market there has though been a real trend of better discipline around pricing in the right markets making smarter decisions about how we provide value and are compensated for that value. So it's a mix. There will certainly be some underlying sustainable improvement and will probably get back.
Dave Flitman: Yes. So I mean it is - price is a small part of what we do now, it's certainly shrunk in recent years. The vast majority of what we're selling in the commodity space is quoted in pass-through in a pretty narrow period of time. We're pretty happy with that balance. The amount of inventory we have on hand and on order with the way we're quoting but we can walk through that in more detail for you offline. If you look at the end of the day with commodities important part of what we do, we think of our more important part is certainly the base business and what we're doing with the overall strategy.
Dave Flitman: And we also know that they are squarely focused on winning completions between by the end of the year. And so, my earlier comment, I do think the stars growth will still and in the first half of next year quite nicely.
Dave Flitman: Yes. No. Good question. So there is multi-families of venture and we like to be able to reference it as a comparison, the National Multifamily number but still it is not a comparable metric for us given we're really sort of focused on our few key regions around the country. A lot of movement within those, within the market is project driven. - the sort of lumpy moves in and out in any given period. I don't know that I agree that it's a large expected increase for the fourth quarter. I think we're still positive, I think that the one adjustment that I will highlight is we did dispose of our standalone gypsum business that did have some multifamily and commercial exposure fuel feel a little bit of moves in that in the R&R another bucket but it is pretty modest overall. It's a good area for us. We are seeing growth and we think that will continue through the fourth quarter and into next year.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Thank you. The gross margin numbers we're seeing now are really encouraging from our perspective, because it underscores the strength of the product portfolio the way we're combining the sales of value add with the other products. Certainly the tailwinds from commodities have been welcomed and I think we've done a nice job of generating real profitability and cash flow from it. There is also a little bit of unusual in this quarter and everybody is talking about it obviously given the supply chain constraints. That's caused some unusual numbers and some unusual dynamics based on timing and the price increases and things of that nature. So we can think it's a little bit unusual, certainly a significant portion of that gross margin fall through that comes from the benefit on commodities. And so the 26.5% is where based on what we've seen in the nine months combined in the company, we feel very good about. I think we sort of demonstrated a willingness to commit to things that we know we're confident in. I mean, we are very confident in that 26.5% or better. We're certainly thinking about it in context of the longer-range of the business. It was a more long-term normal where we think we can get to and we'll be talking a lot more about that in our Investor.
Peter Jackson: The second part of your question there on M&A, we have been disciplined in our work both us in place. the companies have. As you probably expect there's been a lot of opportunities in the market through the course of this year. Valuations have. We've been disciplined around how we think about the long-term profitability of our targets, especially given the lumber environment that we've have here. We can get the deals that we want and we're going to stay disciplined around that. The five deals that we've done this year we feel very good about. And so we didn't say a lot about the pipeline slide in the deck, but it's still very strong and robust. And we're going to continue to play out our M&A in a way that makes sense for the company.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, you see that point, we have a number of projects around the country where we have seen the utilization of our existing capacity to expand it. We can do that in a number of ways. The easiest way is obviously adding shifts, next would be adding equipment, automation equipment more sophisticated equipment, more equipment in total. Some limitations in that right now, just given the supply chains and availability of the wrong funds further up the supply chain and in greenfield along the line in greenfield, we know there are markets around the country that's been adopting this type of solution, this value-added solution, very, very quickly and we see tremendous opportunities in expanding our footprint, being the provider of choice and the provider with the best sort of variable cost position as we execute that as well to be successful long term.
Peter Jackson: Well, certainly on the value-added portions of the business, we continue to see great adoption. We expect that that will continue. However, we have to remain competitive and to your point around that, this is still a very competitive market. We have seen as we said in times in the past that these products are very sticky with our customers because of the value proposition and the benefits goods that our manufactured components deliver to them which is very real. And that's been nothing but validated since the merger has come together, but that's why we drive productivity and efficiency. Right. We won't rest on our laurels, we know this will continue to be a competitive market and we have to earn that business with our customers each and every day. That's the mentality. I have some value our entire leadership team has around us. We take nothing for granted.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Well, a couple of things, first of all, I just want to be very clear. The strategy of the company is predicated on the base business and are always has been. So the fact that we've broken that out has provides an external clarity, but this is what we're trying to drive. Right. Our organic growth or value added portions of the business is at the heart of what we're trying to do and so I'm not surprised by it. And given the demand environment that we're seeing, we expect that will continue, but also in the areas of the value add that we're focused on, we have been for quite some time now taking market share and we do expect that will continue for a long time to come. So I just want to be clear though, this is the focus of the companies, with the leadership team is a breeze every day and that's what we're driving into the marketplace with our customers.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So the work in pricing. As you know, Kurt is something we've been focused on for a few years and putting these two teams together letting really high quality leadership to engage with that yield, working together, sharing best practices, that really has moved, we think, the baseline. I think that's certainly there were some examples of situations where we found ourselves in possession of product outline cost in terms of current pricing and not going to apologize for that. But certainly our ability to continue to be disciplined helped us in the quarter and will help us on an ongoing basis and that is the result of that historical investment, that alignment, the way we think about pricing, the tools we put in place, the way we train. All of that has come to fruition, particularly as you look at the business, this combined wealth, has a great market position and in markets around the country where there is just tremendous demand and growth, we're really well positioned.
Peter Jackson: Well, you're right, there is tremendous inflation in the marketplace. Like you said a number of different products, we are very focused on making sure we're passing that through. Some of the leverage you see from that is part of what is driving some of those margins, obviously. It doesn't cost any more to transport a more expensive piece of lumber window or door. It is probably a smaller component, but certainly important to mention. As we continue to see volatility in prices, we are going to maintain our discipline around passing it through. There will be instances where things will go back down and we all but adapt to that and make sure that you are still the provider of choice, that we're providing tremendous value to our customers, that are our products or relationships with vendors are served to move through, that the high volumes that our - that our vendors want to see to meet the demand that their customers want to receive but that dynamic, that ability to continue to be consistently disciplined, it is something we pride ourselves in and that's something I think we've proven the capability to do even in really unprecedented, we call it times.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, no, The catch. So it doesn't move right when the base business on the prior slide bumps up, which we did increase the guide there. It reflects in that, that sensitivity on Slide 16 about what this business might look like at different commodity prices. It's a couple of factors. I - obviously with the growth of the value add faster than the four, you continue to see that favorable performance on an ongoing basis in what we consider base right that normalized margin level as a powerful influence on this. Our ability to manage price in see sustained margins across the portfolio and in the way we do things is certainly reflected in here. As this discipline around expenses, the improved performance and synergies, the operational excellence initiatives we're seeing in there are bearing fruit. All of that is in some way, contributing to the increased sort of starting point and as reflected on the sensitivity.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So you're hitting a point that's always a challenge right it is. We don't know where commodities are going to go, it was certainly a bit of a surprise for us in terms of the guide in the back half of the year. It has absolutely leveled out above the $400 levels. It is going up, I mean branded alliances between 500 and 600 if you're talking about kind of lumber and sheet in terms of what we're seeing. We'll see where it goes from here. But on a year-over-year basis as Kurt mentioned earlier, there is certainly a turn in terms of the year-over-year comparisons, but still very, very strong and healthy from our - from a historical perspective. But at the end of the day, we're still going to circle back to base business and we're going to focus on running the quarter. We'll reap the benefits of commodities, but that's not where our attention is going to stay.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, I'm actually proud of that and we did both. We did bout but I think there are certainly good discipline in not getting on certain products acknowledging the relationship working with customers, but at the same time switching vendors for quickly re-setting where appropriate, but it always focusing on getting paid for the value that we're providing appropriately. But really across the board. It's been a really positive story.
Peter Jackson: So we. I think our, if we're looking at our numbers, our assessment is July was probably though we guessed in terms of the context of the business was bad, but it was weaker from a growth perspective than the rest of the year and we come back for them. So we started to see a little bit of a re-acceleration. I think what a bit on characterizing it, the homebuilders as a group sat down and said, oh, we've come way too many units under, under construction are not yet started. Let's govern this and there was a bit of a pause and then they continue to roll along trying to get to a point where it's very supportable and sustainable. I don't think it's possible to know that with precision but certainly, we know better now than we have in the past. And that does represent a bit of a re-acceleration in growth from that July's low point. - to say right, I mean it will always be dependent on weather, particularly this time of the year, but broadly speaking, there certainly a very strong demand and we do think those sold units and even some started units will accelerate and continue to grow just given that strong demand.
Jay McCanless: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Great quarter both. So another question on Slide 16. It looks like the EBITDA ranges at all the dollar per MBF. All the EBITDA range has moved up. I guess: A, is that right, and then B, what's the biggest driver here is? is it a change in mix, some of the acquisitions. Just any - which one of these assumptions on the right hand side of the slide, which was the biggest driver on that.
Jay McCanless: Great, thank you. And then my second question, I guess, staying on the slide, where, where did in the way you are calculating this blended. I think it's a blend of both framing lumber and sheet lumber. Where did this dollar per MBS in within the third quarter.
Jay McCanless: All right. And one other - one if I could sneak it in. Do you feel like from a pricing power perspective during the third quarter, did you get - were you able to take more price on the value-add goods or were you able to hold the line better on commodity goods even as the underlying commodity went down in price.
