Floyd Sherman: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Marcie Hyder, Vice President and Controller. I will start with an overview in the third quarter. I’ll then turn the call over to Chad who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we’ll take your questions. We ended the third quarter of 2014 with sales of approximately 435 million and on a same store basis increased our sales by 5.3% compared to the third quarter of 2013. Our sales volume excluding the impact of recent acquisitions grew 6.6% before a 1.3% negative impact of commodity price deflation on sales. For the current quarter, the U.S. Census Bureau reported actual single-family housing starts in the south region, which encompasses all of our markets, increased 10.5% compared to the third quarter of 2013. On a September year-to-date basis, actual single-family starts increased 4% in the south region compared to 2013 while our sales volume grew 9.9% before a 3.1% negative impact of commodity price deflation on our sales. In addition to our focus on profitable organic growth, our focus has also been on growing through acquisitions. Our recent acquisitions in Orlando, Houston, Dallas and Austin markets should allow us the opportunity to expand our product and service offerings to a more diverse customer base in what we consider very attractive housing markets. On a trailing 12-month basis, as of the respective acquisition date, these recently acquired companies had generated combined revenues of approximately 67 million. I will now turn the call over to Chad who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd Sherman: Thank you, Chad. We continue to believe the long-term outlook for the housing industry remains positive and that the pace of the recovery will accelerate as consumers gain more confidence in the economy and pent-up housing demand gets released. We will continue looking for ways to improve our profitability while still growing our market share, including seeking additional strategic acquisition targets in order to be even better positioned for such a rebound. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd Sherman: Well, I think John, when you look at the acquisitions that we made with the trust manufacturing companies, those companies will enable us to become more involved with the multifamily sector of the business. That’s where the primary focus is on. We think the multifamily business will continue to be very good. It looks like the multifamily construction over next several years will be more robust than single-family. These operations will certainly allow us to gain better penetration into that particular market and in the areas where we acquired the plans. And so we look at that strategically as being very, very important to this company to get into more involved in a multifamily. We like the multifamily business where we can deliver a product without getting involved in a lot of installed work. We like trusses, we also like the millwork category and those areas in particular are of real interest to us. We also really wanted to be able to get into the Houston market. We think the Houston market can be really expanded. We are involved -- at the current time up until the acquisition, the only product [Audio Gap] Houston, Texas plant. This particular acquisition that we did in the Houston will enable us to really expand our presence. We think that this will be a very, very large market for us going forward. And this acquisition gives us a chance to enter the market with a company that had excellent reputation, very high quality people, we're well established in the market and in fact we've already acquired another facility to enlarge that company's operations within the Houston market. So we see the Houston market as a long-term major market for us to participate in. The acquisition that we did in Orlando, that gave us not only a building products distribution, but it also enabled us to get into a commercial door arena which we have not participated in at all and as well as with a Truss manufacturing operations. So that we’re not only increasing our exposure to the Orlando market with the traditional business products, but also opening up added venues for us with roof trusses and commercial door products. So, I think that pretty much sums up what we’ve done so far and this is what we’re going to continue to look for. We want to add more manufacturing content to the company. We want to add more value added products and we think that in the long term is what will produce a better earnings stream for us.
Floyd Sherman: Excluding the impact of acquisitions in the third quarter, our SG&A increased about 7.5 million, of which about 3.3 million was attributable to higher sales volume, which again we’ve said in the past that our OpEx would be 65% to 70% variable to increases in sales volumes. So that's consistent with what we’ve said. But on top of that, we had just over 4 million of what I would consider unfavorable flex. 1.1 million of that was some unexpected group health expense cost. We had quite a rash with higher dollar claims this year. We’re probably on pace this year to be at least 2 to 2.5 times as many what we call higher dollar claims, claims over $50,000. So that was an incremental 1.1 million in the quarter. We had the 1 million of incremental stock comp expense that’s non-cash. It’s obviously an add-back to our EBITDA, but it does increase operating expense on the P&L. And then we had another 1.6 million or so that I was saying were more infrastructure type investments in delivery equipment. 600,000 of that 1.6 million is incremental lease expense on delivery equipment and about 1 million of incremental personnel cost, investments we’ve made in personnel in anticipation of the higher growth largely in the area of delivery and retaining qualified drivers. So that’s the bulk of the change in the operating expense. So some of this to a degree is an investment on future growth. I still think long-term our OpEx is going to trend very well with growth in sales. And I would probably – and you can look at it both ways. I think you can look at it at 65% to 70% variable to volume growth which obviously should drive down our OpEx as a percentage of sales in future years.
Floyd Sherman: And I think that when you look at what took place in our business third quarter of this year compared to the same period last year, when you look at the important segments of our business, the value-add seg in some of the business, prefab components were up almost 9%, windows and doors up almost 16%, millwork up about 14%. They were really major increases and that was offset by only a 3% gain in lumber, lumber sheet goods and about 0.3% and 0.4% for the other building products and services which are heavily weighted towards install. We've put a lot of focus on increasing our efforts where we could get better margins, certainly in the areas of the lumber, lumber sheet goods, extremely price competitive. We recognize we've got to do this, this is still an important part of the business. But we’re willing to walk from business where we can't get what we think is fair pricing for our services and the products that we supply to the job site. The same thing holds true in install. If we don’t feel we can get the margins, the pricing that justifies the risk that we have to take on, then we’re going to pass on some of that business and we’ll wait till conditions improve. We’re not exiting from the business, we’re just redeploying some of our efforts in a direction that will give us a better positive result. So I feel really good about the gains that we made in the value-add sectors of our business. If you look at those, we had double digit increases and what brought our overall sales gain down was we backed off and we walked from a lot of dollars of business in the commodity area of the business as well as on the installed side where we just didn't feel that there was a reason to pursue it.
Floyd Sherman: And I think still at the end of the day, the one thing we are going to continue to look to push our margins up. And so that – and it’s very difficult to continue to improve your margins when you have as competitive a situation as we do, And when you’re taking market share and still building your margin, that’s a tough thing to do. But it can be done and we’ve shown that. And I really think that as we go forward, we have got to get our sales position so that ultimately on a much smaller housing start basis -- and when I talk about that, I’m saying 1 million single-family starts -- I want to see our margins back up in that traditional area 24.5% to 25.5%. And so that would indicate that we have to continue to move it up as the housing market slowly expands and I think we can do that. We’ve shown this year we’ve been able to -- right now we’re 90 basis points ahead of last year on a housing market that's relatively flat and I think we can continue the same trend of improving margins and still slightly continuing to improve our market position.
Floyd Sherman: I’ll just say, certainly my belief is that we can be north of 8% EBITDA, north of even where we were at our height. But if I were to give a rate, I’d say north of where we were in 2005, 2006.
Floyd Sherman: Okay. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to give Chad or Marcie a call here in Dallas. Thanks and have a great day.
Chad Crow: And I will just add on -- the Trim Tech acquisition certainly gives us deeper penetration into a strong market in Austin, but it also gives us a little more exposure to some high end custom builders and also comes with a very experienced management team as well.
Chad Crow: Obviously, the plan is to [Audio Gap] content. There is certainly very high EBITDA margin acquisitions as well. So I think there is a lot of good opportunities there. We can -- like you said, we can talk more specifics later if you like.
Chad Crow: It will obviously have some seasonality impact in Q4. I think the last year from Q3 to Q4 our sales dropped about 8% due to that seasonality effect, probably see a similar drop this year Q3 to Q4. I think our growth margins should hang in there pretty close to where they were in the third quarter of this year. We will be a little heavier, as I discussed earlier, on the operating expense side. So I would expect our Q4 EBITDA to come in somewhere pretty close to where we were in Q4 last year.
Chad Crow: Yes. I definitely feel the momentum is continuing. The builders are feeling very confident. We're getting – we continue to get very encouraging reports from our builder customers. I think their outlook going into next year is certainly a lot better than what we saw earlier in the year and a lot more positive and I think it’s going to reflect in a continually improving housing market. Even coming off of a year that looks like it’s going to be, for the year, a relatively flat 5% growth on starts, where next year we’re really saying we think it’s going to be somewhere in that 10%, give or take a point or two, and that’s the way we’re budgeting and that’s largely based on the feelings that we’re getting from our customers and the confidence that they’re showing as I look to next year’s building plans.
Chad Crow: We are not going to disclose the EBITDA contribution on those. I think as Floyd laid out earlier, we’re -- we do certainly have an appetite to go after some additional companies especially those with the mix of value add products.
Chad Crow: The demand for those products is still certainly strong and we anticipate that that demand will continue to grow. We did have a very strong quarter when you look at the windows and doors category. And sometimes when you see some growth in one category that kind of outpaces others, it obviously pushes the other down as a percentage of total. But the growth in that category is still very strong.
Chad Crow: Well to the extent that starts haven’t been what we had hoped this year, the additional penetration on that product line with some customers hasn’t played out like we had hoped. But I think as long as we continue to see an increase in starts, that’s when the demand for that product category will continue to accelerate. So I fully expect the starts growth that there will be higher demand for that product and more penetration with existing customers.
Chad Crow: Well, it’s both. Certainly price increases, as long as we’re able to pass those along, can help the top line in those categories. So that is part of it. part of it is also, as Floyd mentioned that we have a window plant in Houston and that plant continues to perform really well and continues to take share down there. So it’s a combination of both. I don’t have any more of a breakdown of that for you.
Chad Crow: Well certainly a higher weight to the value add, just trying to add it up here in my head. I would probably say it’s 60% to 70% value add versus distribution.
Chad Crow: Well, the multifamily is going to be almost 100% value add. That’s primarily supplying roof trusses and floor trusses.
Chad Crow: I would say probably the bulk of it is due to the acquisitions. Commodity prices have been pretty flat this year. We really don’t expect to see a whole lot of movement in them. And so while we may have taken advantage of a few opportunities on the buy side, I think most of that’s going to be the acquisitions.
Chad Crow: Well, I do think we have some more larger claims that have yet to come through in the back half of the year. But no, I don’t think it’s going to be a run rate from here on. I hope when we get past this wave we’re seeing in Q4 that we’ll see that settle down a little bit.
Chad Crow: Well we do have one or two facilities that are still mothballed. Right now the demand in those particular markets do not justify reopening those. But I really don’t see that happening in the next quarter or two. As far as the revolver goes, yeah, we’ll pay it down as soon as we can. But a lot of that will depend on that if we’re able to come across any attractive acquisitions in the mean time.
Chad Crow: No, that’s right; it’s still pretty tough from a labor standpoint. The decision to exits on the installations -- or anytime you install something, you’re taking on a little bit of additional risk and we need to be paid for that risk. And so there's situations out there where we don’t feel like we’re getting paid for that risk and that’s why we've made the decision to reassess whether we do some of that business or not.
Chad Crow: No, it was in place in Q2 as well. It was bleeding in, in Q2 and continued to come in in Q3, especially on the equipment side, some of that equipment is trickling in as the year goes on because like I said earlier, we ordered some of that stuff six months ago. And then on the wage side of it, especially as it relates to driver salary, we had major increase just like we had to pay out to our drivers' salaries in order to keep our drivers there. As you know, there is a major shortage of CDL drivers in this country. Every trucking operation is open to pirating from the competitors and drivers are absolutely essential for us and the skill that's required when you are delivering building materials to a job site and having to place materials on a job site is more difficult and takes a lot longer for people to get those skills than it is just driving point A to point B which many of the over-the-road drivers have to do in their job. So, we really have been concerned with being able to hold on to our drivers and afford, because that’s going to determine to a great extent your ability to take advantage of an expanding housing market as we go forward. Just as a salesman is important, those drivers are absolutely critical to us in getting the materials to the job site and maintaining a high level of service for the customers. So, the drivers' salaries were -- increases were very much unexpected and this has been something that really started accelerating. We started seeing a little bit of it in the second quarter and it really developed during the third quarter in particular.
Chad Crow: I think it’s really a combination of both of those things. We’re definitely -- Sam, this year was a year we entered the year with very high expectations and I think so did the rest of our competitors. Everyone was anticipating a much more robust housing market. People put in CapEx, expanded their business, increased the supply and then unfortunately the market hasn’t developed to anymore close to anyone's expectation. So, there still is a lot of supply chasing the demand. As we move into more -- as the housing continues to move up, that begins to eat up that. I think people are going to be less anxious to get out and throw themselves, similar to what we did here in this company, going forward. I think that there are a lot of competitors that are really experiencing issues with getting the necessary working capital to expand their business, take care, properly servicing their customers. And so I do believe that we’re going to continue to see people fall out and pull back in this business, which will ultimately help ourselves and others who are better prepared to take advantage of an expanding housing market. But very definitely an improved housing market is the number one answer to improving and minimizing the competitive situation that we find today.
Chad Crow: So far we've, for the most part, avoided an auction situation. And one of the deals there was a few other interested parties, but even in that deal we were able to kind of lock down a 90-day exclusivity period. So for the most part, we’ve been able to kind of get in there and do our diligence and avoid the whole auction process.
Chad Crow: No, my outlook hasn’t changed on our ability to leverage our OpEx, even in the next year. Like I said, some of it I think we’ve just pre-paid to a degree where our infrastructure is just out in front where the starts right now. But if we can get the improvement we see or we hope to see in starts next year, then I think it will all fall back into play.
Chad Crow: I think it’s going to be in line to outperform to some degree, somewhere in that range. I think the acquisitions we have made are certainly going to begin to pay off in that environment. And as Floyd said earlier, I think our ability is to grow our business without the constraints of liquidity is going to be to our advantage in an environment where starts are growing. So I think kind of the base case is maintain and I think there is certainly some upside to that.
Chad Crow: Well, as I said, about $1 million was incremental -- that’s on a quarter-over-quarter basis. It wasn’t as big of an even impact on Q2 to Q3, but we do have over 600 drivers in this company. So, it’s an important and fairly large part of our headcount.
Chad Crow: I'd probably be fooling myself to say there won’t be continued pressure on drivers. I think we have a lot of that behind us now. But I think there will probably still be some pressure, just not to the same degree.
