Dave Rush: Thanks, Peter. Let me close by reiterating that we continue to execute as evidenced by our strong profit margins and cash flow generation. Our resilient business model allows us to win in any environment. In 2020, we had an 8.7% base business adjusted EBITDA margin at 991,000 single-family starts. This year, we expect the mid-teens adjusted EBITDA margin at a lower level of housing starts. This demonstrates the resiliency of our transformed business and is a strong base to build from as the housing market grows to meet demand. I am confident in the long-term strength of the industry due to the significant housing underbill and favorable demographic trends. We are well positioned to take advantage of those tailwinds, which will help drive growth for years to come as we execute our strategy. We believe we are the unquestioned leader in addressing our customers' pain points through our investments in value-added products, digital tools, and installed services. Our proven playbook for growth and robust free cash flow generation will help us continue to compound long-term shareholder value. Thank you again for joining us today. Operator, let's please open the call now for questions.
Dave Rush: Matt, the only thing I'd add is our focus and continuing focus on doing more for the customer with installed, doing more for the customer with value-add, those are higher margin profile products that we held, all said, any start variation.
Dave Rush: One thing I would add on the value-add components specifically, Matt, is even as truss volumes declined our ability to more efficiently manufacture increases. As we go from two shifts to one shift, our second shift is the least profitable, for obvious reasons, but you put up with that because you leverage 100% of the fixed costs. When we go to one shift, that's our most profitable shift, so even as the top line may be less because of the demand being less, the ability to maintain margins is actually easier because we're most efficient in that one shift.
Dave Rush: The only thing I would add, Mike, is it's primarily a top-line scenario for us that we have to manage through. Our margins, regardless, have stayed very consistent and very strong, and we're appreciative of that. But the best example is the one that Peter gave in Arizona. Forty-five percent number of houses that we've started, 15% is the increase in revenue. You can do that math and say in Arizona it's 30% impact. But at the end of the day, it varies depending on the market. What we're seeing, though, is we have the levers that we can pull to get the sale, depending on what the customer chooses to use to solve their problem. And at the same time, we're able to hold our margins because of having that ability to provide an alternative solution that works for both.
Dave Rush: Rafe, this is Dave. I would tell you what we're looking at is a disciplined approach, right? We want to identify opportunities where it's a volume where we have an opportunity to have a win-win with our customer, where we can leverage that incremental volume against our fixed costs, whether it be manufactured product or even distributed product, and offset the volume incentive that we may use to go after that business. So, it will be a targeted approach. It'll be a disciplined approach. It will be only where the volume makes sense. And there has to be a win-win solution there. Thankfully, we had all the guys in the first part of July, and that was the focus of the meeting. And they all had a plethora of opportunities. They felt that description, and we're going to execute that strategy in the back half.
Dave Rush: Hey, Trey. Thanks for the question. On the commodity part of the question, we always see the players in the marketplace that take commodities too low because it's all they have to offer. And we're not choosing to play in that game. What we will do, though, is partner with our customers that commodity becomes part of a package, and we value the overall packaging and create incentives to buy all products from us, whereby through the value-add piece of that package, we can earn back a level of whatever volume incentive we provide. So, our focus on building share has still got to be a win-win. It's not going to be only a win for the customer or only a win for BFS. It won't be sustainable if that's the way you approach it. With specifically the value-add, where we still and will maintain an advantage is over our efficiencies. We have continued to drive efficiencies, and I said in the earlier comment, if we're in one shift, we're as efficient as we can possibly be when we're one shift. So, we have the ability to leverage incremental volume in that idle capacity and, again, create a more profitable net-net number for us, even as we provide an incentive to customers for the incremental volume. So, that's kind of how, even as we've managed and tried to pick opportunities to drive the top line, we've been able to hold on to the market.
Dave Rush: Yes, Trey. I'll tell you the dynamic we've seen in 2024 is, in addition to people hesitant to start new projects, we've actually seen existing projects get delayed and pushed pretty consistently throughout the year. The project's still on the board. The project's still going to get done, but it's getting pushed, which, quite frankly, was part of the top-line headwind in the first-half, even though multi-family's a small piece of the overall. New projects take so long to get underway that I think the order that has to happen is we have to have the cost of capital come down. Then there's going to be new projects that come out of the ground, but they're going to take a while to get going. The one thing we are seeing, though, is a gap currently that is in favor of multi-family, where rental rates are now less than mortgage rates for essentially the same type of living arrangement. So, a lot of the excess capacity that we feel like we came into the year with, with multi-family, we do believe will burn off during the rest of this year, which will encourage a quicker rebound in multi-family in 2025. The problem is it just takes so long.
Dave Rush: Truss wood is still a very profitable business for us at these levels and will continue to be at the levels we expect to have through 2024 and into 2025.
Dave Rush: We've done enough proof points to know that it's a thing, right? It's harder to decide what part of what aspect is -- for example, we took a bid for a national builder from last year and compared the exact same house, the exact same model this year. And it was down mid-teens in overall sale opportunity in the exact same house. So, we don't have that in every market and every builder, but at the end of the day, again, it was another proof point that what we suspected was happening is actually happening. And directionally, we know what we're dealing with. And again, as that changes, the encouraging thing is the margin profile is not also changing. And that's -- I'd love to have all the volume that we could possibly get, but at the end of the day, I at least want to keep the balance between what we're selling and what we're making and what we're selling and check along the way.
Dave Rush: Yes. Let me talk a little about digital. As we started to roll out the digital and the adoption, I think it probably isn't a surprise that we have gone first to our employees. And we've gotten them up to speed on the benefits of digital. So, they can more fully explain to their customers; the customers that we've gone to initially have been existing customers. So, it's while we give you that stat of orders through the system of $250 million, now we expect fully that existing customers push in orders through the system. That business we probably -- we have already had, we would have still gotten had we not had digital. But we still want to track it. It's an indication of acceptance. And so, the incremental business we get is going to come more from new customers, and as we continue to get existing customers more comfortable, incremental wallet from those guys. But, that obviously is going to be more in the form of a hockey stick. So, no, we are not giving up on the $200 million for this year. At this point in time, it is admittedly a tougher point to get a little bit to the hockey stick. But we still know that hockey stick is going be there. And, the acceptance for getting even as it is from existing customers is really encouraging. I'll let Peter talk to the M&A piece.
Dave Rush: Yes. There has only been some pressure back. There are certain players that have been less disciplined. We've definitely tried to hold the ground on what we think is good, smart way of coding in the market, but today's point, we've tried to increase those 30 days numbers we talked about, back during sort of the busyness of the supply chain issues, where you really had to move it quick. Now that we are back into more of a normal cadence, where we got that 45-day-ish line of sight, if you will, between what's on the ground, what's on the order, it's a lot easier to work with customers and tie it together and use some 60-day terms, that sort of thing. We are still absolutely opposed to 90 and 120-day terms, because we think that's the wrong discipline and the wrong way of approaching the market.
Dave Rush: Yes. Thanks for the question. Keep in mind, the value-added products, the movement is within the category. The engineered wood products are still value-adds. So, as you go from truss engineered wood, we are not leaving the value-add product category, we are moving within it. The sale opportunity is less, but again, our margin profiles have held in there. And we are doing what we can to keep our customers addressing affordability, and at the same time, maintaining their margins as well. So, I don't see the shift in the incremental value-add products will come as the market returns to normal [technical difficulty] for those products in general. And right now we offer the full spectrum. We will send you sticks if you don't want value-add. But this we go from READY-FRAME to panel, to panel and truss. So, fully installed framing packages, all which you have would tunnel into the value-added product category in total. And we would expect it to maintain, for sure, and incrementally grow as housing starts return to normal levels.
Peter Jackson: Morning, Matt. Thank you for the question. Yes, so margins has been an important factor for us. It's changed a lot over the years. We certainly get a lot of questions on it. We're pleased with how margins have performed so far, right? We knew normalization was going to happen. We saw it coming particularly on the multi-family side, but we're certainly pleased with how it's progressed. If you look into the future, into the second-half of this year and into next year, more normalization is what we've outlined. And I think that we've been pretty clear about that. Hopefully no change in what expectations are. When it comes to '25 and the exit rate, so I want to be real clear, right, we don't have a crystal ball, we don't know. This is not intended to be guide for '25. We haven't done that work yet. But based on what we're seeing right now, we're coming out of this year at roughly 975 on starts, give or take. Based on that, we're kind of at that level of performance that we're guiding to, right in that 32% range. As you think about 2025 based on what we're seeing right now, we think it's probably another 100 basis points at this level, like if you just extend the line out you'd see another 100 basis points of headwind into 2025 made up of the two pieces you'd expect, right? About half of that is multi-family, and about half of that is core operations based on what we're seeing. So, we're definitely closer to the end than the beginning in terms of the normalization based on what we see. The multi-family is a story, no question. We think that if you look back to last year, we called out a little over 100 basis points of tailwind from multi-family. We'll give back 60, maybe a little -- right in that range basis points in '24, with the other 50 basis points coming in '25. That's probably about a couple hundred million dollars worth of EBITDA headwind from multi-family. And we feel like the rest of the business is performing really well, and we'll be in a strong position to overcome that as we get into '25.
Peter Jackson: So, overall, you're right, we have seen a shift in commodities, right? So the market's been weaker, the -- both lumber and OSB, OSB kind of ran up for a little bit, had absolutely reset and pulled back. That is largest component of the dollar value change in sales that we've called out. So, of the $1.2 billion, more than half of that is just the commodity valuation change. What that means to the business in terms of the rest of the output called down on EBITDA, the bulk of EBITDA call-down is deleveraging, it's the vast majority of it, right? It's the smaller business absorbs less of the fixed overhead costs. You can see this quarter; we had some pretty substantial improvement just because we are busiest in the summer months. We thought we'd be busier in the back-half than we're going to be, so we're giving some of that back. Value-add, more specifically, we continue to see strength. We continue to see the volumes moving very well, the demand is very strong; customers have consistently stayed with the product. We haven't seen a shift away from value-add broadly. What we are seeing and what we pointed out here -- what Dave pointed out in his remarks was really this mix dynamic, right? It goes to the customers focusing on affordability, how do they get cost out? One of the ways they're doing that is a shift within value-add, shifting from open-web truss to EWP, that's just -- it's a lower sales dollar value product, right? It's combined with a lot of other things. They're shrinking the square footage of the house, they're taking out basements, they're reducing the number of garages and bonus rooms. All things that are not a surprise, if you think about the affordability challenge. But that has had a broad pressure, that's not unique to value-add or not value-add. I think where value-add has seen pressure is really around the price pass-through in that type of mix. Volumes are still strong. Margins are still strong on the core product categories.
Peter Jackson: Morning, Mike. In short, yes, you got it right. You heard it right. We think we're around 32% this year. We think our exit rate is around 31% based on everything we're seeing today. This is not guide. It's not intended to be a crystal ball; it's just trying to give directionality. The short answer to that, and I think you've alluded to it, and so did Matt, our long-range normalized margins we're seeing are 30% to 33% at 1.1 million starts. This would indicate that we're going to be at 31% at 975,000 starts. What does that mean? Well, that means, right now, margins are strong. Ours are good. Ours are better than we expected, which is great. But it also means we're under pressure in a market that's got extra capacity versus what we're all dialed in for, which is 1.1 million-plus, right? So, that's the tug of war going on right now, and why we're not able to put our stake in the ground and claim it. We've got to see how this plays out. Pretty optimistic, like Dave said, about the overall market, the demos, the under build, it's good. That we think tone is playing out maybe belatedly but positively in terms of the interest rate environment right now. So, we'll see. But it's a strong business. It's really well-positioned, and margins look good.
Peter Jackson: Yes, so that's -- it's a great question. We spent a lot of time on this. As we spend a lot of energy, we're trying to understand our business at a granular level. We have a lot of data. Unfortunately, it's a lot of data, right? So, the ability to really understand the mix impact of hundreds of thousands of SKUs at 570 locations in 80 markets, it's sometimes an adventure to really get through the noise to get the signal. I think earlier this year, you saw us reacting to what we were seeing, trying to understand it. I think the storyline around this whole value conversation is that the order of magnitude is bigger than we expected. I think the storyline around the timing of starts versus permits is again, order of magnitude, a little bigger than we expected. So, Q2, if you use our roughly two month lag, we've got about a 20 point gap that we're tracking down that we're saying, why aren't we up a lot more? And it's broken down into a few pieces, right? Probably the single biggest piece is we think that the lag between permits and starts is a bit longer. The cycle time is a little longer. You saw large builders pulling large quantity of permits and doing it to beat code changes, doing it to beat the rush. Everybody thought the market was going up. And they haven't put those starts in the ground as quickly as the traditional custom builders would have. And I think we all know the large nationals, the big guys are winning, right? They've got a bigger share of the pie. We think that's causing a little bit of distortion in the starts number, that, that will settle out as the year progresses. But at least early on, it overstated starts a bit. The other pieces are pieces we've talked about, right? Maybe another third of it is probably related to the pricing changes. A lot of that is vendor. Vendors have cut. We talked about EVP, Doors, Millwork. There are a bunch of categories that have had to readjust to the current demand and they have adjusted prices in response. So, that's an important piece. And another roughly third is in that category of mix, right? It's what we're seeing in terms of, if you think about the traditional good, better, best, you're talking about best to better, better to good, good to let's not do it. It's that things we were talking about before with regard to going from basement construction to slab may not sound like a big deal, but that percent is changing in the statistics and that has a meaningful decline in the value of product that goes into the house. So, rough categories, that's kind of how we think about it, but I'd be lying if I told you we had those numbers with precision. I think we've got good directionality, but we're going to have to see how that plays out. The interesting part of all of it, though, Mike, is it's so volatile, right? It moved quickly one way. There's no reason it can't move quickly the other. We're just going to stay close to it and make sure we're serving our customers the best we can.
Peter Jackson: Good morning, Rafe. Thanks for the question. Yes, so the dynamic around the multi-family is a tricky one. We've tried to be really open and honest about what we're seeing, but it's not convenient in terms of how it's playing out. In other words, it didn't just stop on January 1st and we didn't have a nice clean turn. So, I don't have nice clean numbers last year or this year. So, there's a little bit of this you're probably going to poke at, but I can give you sort of my best sense of the directionality. We continue to see strong business in multi-family throughout all of last year that really began to turn in that Q1 window. We are seeing meaningful declines in our margins in what we're seeing starting in Q1 and stronger in Q2, kind of that 50 to a 100 basis points in those periods headwind driven by multi-family, right? That's sort of the combination of the mixed shift because it's all value-added and that downward shift within the category. So, with that in mind, we do expect it to continue this year. I think I mentioned from a dollar perspective, Q2 is going to be a chunky one, right? That was going to hurt a lot and obviously it did, but we will continue to see headwinds throughout the year. Again, with that kind of rough average of around 60 basis points, 50 to 70, give me a band around it based on timing, but overall impact on the company from the full multi-family segment of our business.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Just to echo that same thought, we do stay very focused on making sure we're acting in a disciplined manner with our customers in key categories. As commodities, we pass it all through. A little color on that, I guess. I'm a bit disappointed. I would have hoped to have seen a lumber industry be a little more intentional about making money. Not everyone is a bad actor in that category, but I remain -- I continue to be surprised at how many players are willing to sustain loss or losing bills, business units, whatever you want to call it, longer than I would have expected. There's an awful lot of weeping and gnashing of the teeth out there, but not a lot of behavior that would indicate that we're moving in the right direction. Hopefully, we will, but that's disappointing. I think what you see are weaker lumber numbers that we absolutely pass through to our customers. What I was referring to before are certain price cuts that we've seen, specific actions taken by EWP players, Doors players, Millwork players, and some others where we've seen low to mid-single-digit reductions in overall sales attributable to nothing else than customer -- the prices we give our customers are adjusted because of the prices we're charged by our vendors.
Peter Jackson: Good morning, Adam. Honestly, to know that answer with precision, I'd probably call you guys. We know there are data points that prove our point. What we don't have is confidence in the individual buckets. It's way too volatile and way too customer specific, regionally influenced for us. But again, if we're missing 20 points in terms of where is that sale, I think directionally, the biggest third is on the extended time, it's taking between permit and sale. We know another chunk of it is on the value, just the price is charged and the rest of it is that mix component. It's square footage. It's smaller. It's cheaper. Five to seven, I don't know. I'm guessing, to be honest.
Peter Jackson: Yes, I 100% agree on digital. It is encouraging. The momentum is good. On M&A, the momentum is good there too. I think you've seen the increasing number of acquisition targets that we are closing on. Still little bit smaller, but we really like to pace. The pipeline still looks very good. We are still pleased with the potential targets out there. And, the way that negotiations are going. Certainly, very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow the business in a healthy way with really, really nice assets like the ones we added this quarter.
Peter Jackson: So, the second-half of the question, yes, our '26 is still intact. We would need volumes to rebound, but we feel good about the core business. And I think that informs where we are dialing in on the EBITDA number for that base business comp. We are getting better and better clarity around what our margin profile looks like in a healthy market, what our profile looks like in the current market, and being able to dial in the breakout from commodities kind of seeing the full-year really leveling out right around that 400 level without a ton of volatility, a bit, but not a ton is giving us the ability to dial it in a little bit more to what we think is a real sort of neutral commodity level or performance. Core business is still very healthy. As much as we wanted to be bigger, I think, what you're seeing here and what their base business chart lays out is a business that's really been transformed based on what we sell and how we service our customers, and the stability of that core business, even though you've seen kind of some ups and downs in the starts performance at the overall market.
Peter Jackson: It's still in the range with how we buy our inventory, which is what we have always tried to do. As long as we have the ability to cover what we soiled, we are willing to work with our builders however we need to match that up, also, with how they priced their homes. And it hasn't gotten to the point where it was 90-plus or whatever. But we are generally in a 45-day exposure rate, but that's exactly how much inventory we hold and how we carry it.
Peter Jackson: Well, and at that point, we actually do take market risk. I mean, what we are trying to do is mitigate their risk and mitigate our risk; we work with them to try to find that middle ground and make sure that they're covered and we are covered. And we'll adjust off of that, and touch markets specific if that solve the problem for our customer. But in general, we are in that 45-day range.
Peter Jackson: We called it out in terms of what went through COGS. It was just basically zero, right, at 23 or whatever, small 3% headwind. That is something that does move a little out of sequence with what you see in random blanks. It is going to be a headwind in the second-half versus first-half, which is how you get to that sort of full-year number that's a little below the 400 level.
Peter Jackson: Well, Jay, we always wanted to take all the shares about that comment. Now, in all honest and all sincerity, we always see a couple month lag, and if you think about the Q1 starts number, that was up in the 20s. So, you are just that swash over a little bit into Q2. We are seeing a comparable performance in the business. We will certainly see a graphic, like Dave said. We think when there're opportunities to lean in and take share, we are going to keep doing it. But that's not really the explanation, if you will.
