Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. I'd like to take a moment to send our thoughts and prayers out to those in Houston who have lost their homes and more to the tragic floods. As you know, Houston is a very important market to us representing 4.5% of our sales and we have longstanding ties to the market. Thankfully, all of our employees are safe and our facilities, equipment and inventory were not damaged. I want to personally thank all of our associates in Houston for their efforts in getting our business back up and running so quickly so we can help our valued customers and the Houston community start to rebuild. Turning to our outlook, I remain very positive about the future of our company. I believe our industry remains on a trajectory of solid growth. I'm encouraged by the recent framing lumber composite price inflation, an increase of 11% since early March, and we expect to grow profitably and realize our synergy cost savings. Our company is well positioned to be the building supply company of choice for builders around the country, thanks to our geographic reach, enhanced product offerings, and national manufacturing capabilities and very superior customer service. Our focus will be to leverage our national scale and sales capability to grow faster than the market with a focus on profitable growth and value-added products. These strengths – our scale and the potential leverage provided by the synergy savings combines to make Builders FirstSource an industry leader with significant opportunity to drive profitable growth. We've demonstrated our ability to reduce debt again this quarter and we're committed to continue to reduce leverage through annual cash flow generation. We will continue to create value for our shareholders and customers by executing against our synergy and growth plans. I attribute the success we have achieved in both the integration efforts as well as the impressive results that we posted every quarter since the acquisition close to all of our hard working and dedicated associates. Thank you. I look forward to building on what was a very successful quarter continuing to grow our revenues, gain share and improve our operating margin. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah and we certainly are continuing to see a high level of builder confidence. Our people reporting from the field still good business and building activity does not appear to be slowing down. And I think we're right on the trajectory that we had anticipated seeing in the improvement of housing starts this year. And we're seeing that the housing start improvement over a broad range over all of our areas and there is no one particular part of the country that really are lot stronger than others. We're seeing very, very good growth in all of our areas.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. I would agree with you. They we were very, very impressive results in the remodeling area, In fact I'm not really aware of any of the traditional repair remodel companies that came anywhere close to our type of results. But I think this is a reflection, number one, we had certainly not nearly as bad a winter quarter as traditional in our strong remodeling areas, which are the Midwest, the Northwest, and West Coast. The other thing is that I think we're seeing the benefits of we put money into improving the displays and the product offerings in our locations and this certainly is paying off. And I think it's really revitalized a lot of the markets for us and people are again recognizing that we are a good place to turn for their home improvement projects and I think that's the reason for the real improvement in the R&R area for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. Trey, the labor situation is still very tight out there. I think it is one of the major inhibitors against – that's really keeping and slowing down the housing from even being better than the pace that we're currently seeing. We're also seeing tight labor within our operations. It's not just restricted to the job site. We're finding ways to solve the problem obviously, but it's much tighter than what anything that we've seen here over the past several years. I would say that it's not getting any worse out on the job side, but it is still very tight and it still is slowing down that house going from start to a unit completed.
Floyd F. Sherman: It's still very wet and so those markets that you just mentioned, I would say, construction is still lagging a little bit as the logs are drying out. So we have had a break in the rain in the last week or so. So, I would expect that to start picking up more in the coming weeks.
Floyd F. Sherman: Certainly my feelings are that we will see a slowly improving lumber pricing lumber and lumber sheet goods pricing. We certainly are experiencing that now. If I look at over the last eight weeks and do on an eight-week average comparing this present time to last year same time, then we're seeing, we've seen an improvement that's about 5%, little over 5%, the last four weeks that's almost like a 6% improvement over the same time last year. I think this is, the market is really starting to correct itself. I don't see a runaway market in pricing, but I can see a continually improving situation for us. The mill capacities are coming up. We saw one here recently it was in their earnings report, one of the major OSB producers are now up to a 93% capacity. I suspect many of the manufacturers are getting up into that high 80%, low 90% capacity. That can only mean – and there is going to be no real new mills coming on stream that I'm aware of. So that means I would expect to see a slowly improving pricing and I think for the rest of the year we'll probably be in an inflation mode versus last year. And I think that's going to be somewhere in that 5% to 10% improvement over last year over that period of time though. And I think we're going to see – continue to see into next year as long as housing continue to improve, which our feelings are very much that it will. We don't see anything certainly at this point that's going to cause housing to slow down or falter, and we see a continual gradual improvement in housing. We think all the elements are there in place to support it. And I think the mills in the future, as we got into the future, I think we're going to start seeing lumber and lumber sheet goods pricing get back to more of their – the normal level of pricing that we saw back in the 2005-2006 period of time.
Floyd F. Sherman: But we are seeing the level of housing activity and what builders are projecting and planning for the coming months is staying right on that pace that we think in 8% to 10%.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yeah. I think for us in our markets, most of our roofing and gypsum products are going into single-family remodeling projects. We're not really doing the larger commercial projects that drives and certainly that is a driving factor for some of the other companies who were reporting, who are pure play roofing guys or gypsum guys. I think our market performance for those products was very good. Could it be better? Yeah. And we're working on that. We're also expanding some of the areas and adding some new areas to help drive our results in those products. We like those products. They are a good contributor to our overall package and they certainly have a lot of attractiveness to us for the future. And so that pretty much sums up all I can say about the products and the performance in the first quarter.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of the integration and our business initiatives in the months ahead. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give Chad or Jen a call. Thank you and we hope you have a good day and a good weekend.
M. Chad Crow: A couple of things. Generally, I would rather under-promise and over-deliver, so I would like to always stay a little on a conservative side. And I think our sales growth probably ended on a little stronger note than we have thought and as we disclosed the cost savings that we're able to realize certainly came in at/or slightly above our expectations. So I think it was just a combination of those things.
M. Chad Crow: Starts in the first quarter were obviously very strong. And so I would expect, you generally have a lag of starts before it becomes an opportunity for our business. So I would expect that to carry over into Q2 and create some incremental demand. Our backlogs at our plants are strong. So far, all things are pointing toward additional sales growth in the second quarter. You're right that we had lot of rain in a few markets which made April a little choppy because the job sites were so wet they really delayed or really it eliminated our ability to get to some other jobs sites for a couple of weeks. So April was a little choppy, but we're still very optimistic about how things are lining up for the second quarter.
M. Chad Crow: Nothing terribly significant. A couple of smaller things come to mind but nothing that I think would impact your modeling as far as one-time costs that hit the first quarter.
M. Chad Crow: I figured you'd back me into a corner, Jay. It's early in the quarter, but I'll do my best here. We commented a little bit on sales already. I think from a gross margin perspective in the second quarter I think it will be similar to what we saw in the first quarter, somewhere in that 25% range. From an EBITDA perspective last year on a pro forma basis we did right at $100 million. I think, as things sit today, I think we'll be somewhere in the $120 million to $125 million EBITDA range for the quarter.
M. Chad Crow: I've looked at the consensus that's out there and I think the consensus is a reasonable number for us in the second quarter, which I think is around 5%. So, again, it's very early in the quarter. So, I can give you my best guess now, it's probably somewhere in that 5% to 7% range.
M. Chad Crow: Well, it is a little longer. Generally a start is when they start pressing the dirt and they're working on the foundation and then it becomes a unit under construction once the foundation is set and that's when our opportunity for business arises. And so for several reasons, it can be rain, it can be – there is -- in many markets a delay in getting slabs poured. So, it could be a two or three months lag right now between a start and then a unit under construction. And then the other thing you need to keep in mind post acquisition is we're about 25% R&R and so that – first quarter was a little unusual as far as the growth we had in R&R, but typically you're looking at R&R growth in the 3% to 4% range. And so, when you look at our new business going forward and you're just trying to baseline that off of starts, it would be very difficult for us on a go forward basis to keep up with single family starts as a consolidated company because we are heavily, more heavily weighted towards R&R now.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I think you said it correctly, the downside risk I look at as very minimal. I think it's appropriate to talk about some upside and the $100 million to $120 million was really what we expected to achieve in the first two years. Beyond that two-year window as we get more of the company on to one ERP system, I do expect to have additional cost savings that will primarily come in more of the back office functions and the efficiencies we gain by being on one ERP system. And so, as we've talked about in the past, that's a three to four-year process. So I think the upside to that $120 million is real, but it's going to be more of a year three or four as we get on more of the company on one ERP.
M. Chad Crow: Well, from the procurement savings we've wrapped up our engineered wood RFP and those results came in as we had hoped they would and right now we're going out to some of the other specialty products; doors and windows for example. Those are currently in process. So that all feels like it's tracking as we expected. As far as price increases we've seen this year, I think most of the windows and doors guys are somewhere in that 5% range I think on average.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. And anything – you don't lose business by the wet weather. All it does is push it out. And we definitely are seeing now when – as things are drying out and we're definitely the – the shipping schedules are rapidly picking up and it will – all it does is move a little bit further out for us, but the business is there.
M. Chad Crow: Well, you're right. Some of the major flooding we were talking about, Houston in particular, was an April event, so that wasn't a first quarter event. In most markets, the weather in the first quarter was much better than it was a year ago.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. And less snow and ice. And so I think that's why you saw the 22% increase in starts and that's why our demand in the first quarter, to some degree, was stronger than we had expected and some of that was weather driven. So I think, overall, it was a very favorable quarter from a weather basis. It was more April where we kind of got the negative impact.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. And I would expect the benefit in the first quarter was more catch-up than it was pulling business forward. That's what my gut says.
M. Chad Crow: Well, the major pieces are going to be whatever you want your EBITDA starting point to be for the year, but I think CapEx will be around 1.5% of sales, cash taxes will be minimal, $5 million to $6 million. Working capital – and I would refer you to slide 11 in the presentation. Working capital would probably be in that 9% to 10% range on incremental sales, and then cash interest in that $157 million range, so that should get you somewhere in that $75 million to $85 million of free cash flow this year. And as we pointed out in the opening comments, as we get deeper into next year and we get the one-time cost behind us and get full realization of the cost savings, those two things right there would add another $75 million or so in free cash flow, even assuming a flat housing environment. So that's why we made the comment earlier that once we get those items behind us we would expect free cash flow to pick up even more.
M. Chad Crow: Well, it's hard to say exactly how much will. It will depend on the opportunities we have to attack the debt. But we're going to continue to be aggressive at it and look for opportunities. I would expect by the end of this year, we should be well below five times levered and then by the end of 2017, we should be well below four times would be my estimate at this point.
M. Chad Crow: I think it still makes sense. We had year-over-year gross margin expansion, which certainly helps your flow through. As we get deeper into this year, as we alluded to you earlier, we won't have the benefit of commodity deflation. And so some of that benefit of the gross margin expansion will probably go away. So I still think we will end up for the year somewhere in that 12% to 15%.
M. Chad Crow: On a daily basis, we're obviously going after our suppliers on price and using the benefit of our scale. But when you start talking to some of these specialty products and there's fewer suppliers that can serve you in all your markets and so those were a much more structured RFP process. I believe we've also completed wallboard and, as I said, windows and doors are in process right now. Those are going to be your major categories where we'll go out and do full-blown RFPs and have a structured process around that. But the other categories, we're chipping away at a daily basis. And in some of those categories, you really don't put in one, two year pricing or rebate type programs. Those are more just taking opportunities that are available in the market at the time you're going out and making buys.
M. Chad Crow: I think we have about $1 million or $2 million favorable variance on fuel quarter-over-quarter. I can't think of any other commodity products where it would have been meaningful. As far as your other question on the margin enhancement, I would say probably – I would say those three are fairly evenly spread on the margin improvement, probably about a third, a third, a third would be my best guess.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. And we've probably got about a 30 basis point tailwind on the margin, of the 90 basis points, from deflation.
