David Rush: Thanks, Peter. Let me close by saying that we are focused on executing our strategic pillars. This focus, along with our close partnership with our customers to address their pain points is a competitive differentiator in our industry. We are the unquestioned leader in value-added solutions, which we believe are the most effective way to address labor and cycle time challenges. Our industry-leading digital innovations are bringing greater efficiency to homebuilding and will win us new customers and grow wallet share along the way. Our robust free cash flow generation is funding a disciplined capital deployment strategy that will compound long-term shareholder value. While 2023 was an exciting year, we are just getting started. Thank you again for joining us today. Operator, let's please open the call now for questions.
David Rush: I would just add, Matt, that conversations with customers are almost uniformly optimistic for the year. There are differences in when they believe that timing of that rebound will start, and that's all obviously driven by the macro environment to a degree. And the digital ad that we'll experience during the year will be more like a hockey stick. It will be weighted to the back half of the year as we continue to drive adoption and training throughout the organization and with our customers. But we're excited about the year as a whole. It's a little more difficult to pinpoint the exact point in time when we start seeing it in real time. But the long-term demand still is very, very encouraging.
David Rush: And I would tell you, you're exactly right; our sales teams that have focused on the larger projects partly because their customers are also looking for opportunities in the smaller projects that still qualified technically as multifamily or light commercial. We're all focused on those opportunities and those will help us bridge that headwind a little easier for the rest of the year. But it still takes a little bit of time for those projects to get out of the ground. And the timing of that makes it a little difficult, but only focused on that opportunity.
David Rush: I mean, lumber and truss go hand-in-hand together, but value-added is more than truss. I think that's the thing you get from the mind. So value added is later in the process.
David Rush: And what I would add is our belief in the resilience of that range and the fact that we can hold within that range is our belief in our value-added product portfolio and solutions. Those are the products that are more valuable to our customers and as a result, more have a better margin opportunity for us. And as we continue to grow that as a percentage of our overall sales is always going to help that gross margin number be more resilient.
David Rush: I would just add, remember, it's only 13% of our overall business. The other thing I would add is we were at the Harvard Housing Conference, and there were multifamily players there. And it's a cost of capital challenge in addition to all of the multifamily that had been constructed over the last 12 to 18 months is coming to market all at the same time. So there's a little bit of a digestion of that in addition to solving the capital cost equation. But again, just like in single-family, the long-term outlook for multifamily is very positive when you look at the demand curve and what people need housing and what multifamily satisfies for that population. So long term, we're still very positive on the business. And we do know we'll have to manage some of the cost -- the capital challenges at or there today. But again, 13% of our business.
David Rush: I would tell you the other differentiation we have is not just adding locations, it's actually improving the throughput of the locations we already own. We've invested over $100 million in existing plants. Over 65% of our tables have some level of automation. Every plant has some level of automation. So there's a lot of different ways we can extend our lead without building physical plant to do so, and we're focused on that as well.
David Rush: I would just add from a customer sentiment perspective, the national biller, customers are seeing increased foot traffic. And more importantly, the foot traffic that they are seeing are more apt to actually buy a home. So the percentage of closings to people looking, I feel like is gaining traction and their ability to match up available inventory and monthly mortgage payment to demand is -- they've done a great job with that. Now where we need a little help from the Fed mortgage rates would be to get the non-national builder customer in an arena where the cost of the mortgage is helping to drive that demand to them. So that less so, but we expect that to be what is the first off the sidelines when we get that movement, but the national builders have done a good job in the existing environment.
David Rush: Also, I think, taken advantage of capacity availability to lean into it as well, and that's a different component than others might have.
Peter Jackson: Thanks, Matt. Your points are all accurate. I think that we've done a really nice job in the value-add sector. I think we've managed pricing in a disciplined way. We certainly have done a good job on productivity and continuing to execute in that category. And certainly, a portion of that hits gross margins, not all of it. What I think is continuing to happen, and I know this is a consistent theme from us, but we want to continue to be candid with investors. There is a normalization that we're seeing in the core and there's a normalization or maybe a recognition of a cycle in multifamily. Those are the two really big components driving the ongoing normalization that we expect in 2024. So multifamily, as we look at it, certainly a dynamic market, but there's been a pullback, right? A lot of multifamily units were put in the ground. Over the last few years, the backlog has been very full, very healthy, and we've done very, very well. There are clear signals both in the broader market and in our numbers that multifamily is normalizing. It's pulling back, and it's going to pull back pretty aggressively. We expect we'll start seeing that in sort of Q1 based on the latest information, and it will hit us all year. So certainly, multifamily is a good business, but there's a headwind there associated with that business shrinking. And we continue to see in pockets around the country, the normalization of margins in a competitive environment, right? We're well below what we would consider to be normal starts, normal single-family starts in this industry. So it's competitive out there. And there are certain markets where we've had to get aggressive, and we'll continue to do that to protect our position and to win in the market and to be the customer of choice. We don't think it's putting us outside of that communicated range for gross margin, but certainly expect that to continue to erode as the year progresses.
Peter Jackson: Thanks, Matt. You're right. We are anticipating a fairly modest market tailwind this year, which obviously is appreciated, and we'll put to good use. But we are challenging ourselves as an organization in a couple of key areas. A big one that we talked a lot about is digital. We're really excited about what this product is going to do for us in terms of attracting and enhancing our relationships with customers, we think there's real value there. So we're putting that in our number. We also are continuing to invest as you see in value add. So we've got new capacity in the ground. We've got new equipment. We've got a new ability this year that we didn't have last year to provide those types of high-value impactful products to our customers. So we expect growth from that. And we're certainly confident in our team. We've got -- we need to be the best team in the industry, and we think we can win in the market. So those three things really kind of combined to give us the confidence to put out a number there that really represents share growth ultimately.
Peter Jackson: Absolutely. So you're right, Mike. This is a light year for us. The way that the numbers show, the comp looked obviously pretty dramatic on a year-over-year basis. We're down a little bit on the EBITDA number due to that multifamily step down. But the change going from a business that's shrinking. And as you know, we spent off a tremendous amount of cash as the business shrinks to turn to an increasing sales environment. And we use working capital when we grow. That sort of turn for us showed large in the numbers. But that headwind that we would expect to see related to growth is generally going to be a little bit smaller in a normal growth year than in a turn year. The turn year is always a big number when it goes from one to the other. So we do anticipate it to be a little bit higher in a normal year. And as we laid out in our Investor Day, there's a cumulative benefit that we expect to deliver on, and that commitment hasn't changed.
Peter Jackson: I think that's a fair assessment, Joe. Typically, what we see is it's not an immediate snapback but a gradual snapback in the future quarters as they catch up. They don't catch up all at once. But at the end of the day, we actually do feel like what we lost in the first quarter due to weather will ultimately pick up in the back three quarters of the year.
Peter Jackson: That's right, Joe. These business reconciliation of those two components you mentioned is the last of the multifamily and the last of a little bit of the core not much left, which is nice, but that's certainly a piece of it.
Peter Jackson: Thanks for the question, Trey. So the time frame we're talking about was 4Q. So it was a fourth quarter dynamic. I think the storyline here, and we talked about it a bit in the past, but for those maybe who haven't heard it, what we sell goes into a start at a wide range of time lines, right? So lumber is generally very, very early. It's not unusual to frame the first floor and then have maybe the trusses delivered. There is a very close correlation between framing and trust. No argument there. I think that in general, it's indicative of the beginning of the turn. What's also true is some of the later products, you go through windows and you got out to doors and trim, that's later in the build process. And those are the products that you notice we didn't talk about as being turned and in good position. It's very reflective of last year. At the end of '22, you saw lumber and truss go down really hard. Lumber down a lot more than truss. So on a comparison basis, that's part of the answer as well that lumber was down aggressively if you go back to the numbers for the fourth quarter of last year. So on a comp basis, it's up a little bit more, but really because it was down a little bit.
Peter Jackson: I think it's fair to say that directionally, those scenarios are still indicative of how we think of the business. There haven't been any real structural changes in any of the variables. It's always subjective to a degree because the ending point for 2023 was a bit different. But generally, yes. No, I think that's a fair way to look at it.
Peter Jackson: It's a really good question. I think confidence, our confidence this year comes from that normalization component. We still have some above what we consider to be normal margins in multifamily and in a couple of product categories in a few pockets around the country. We're continuing to see that normalization. We're continuing to see some of that compete back to what we consider to be a likely normal. That said, we're obviously very good. It's very strong, and we're feeling very confident about our ability to manage it in the long term. At this stage, I think it's hard to say that it's an exact point of starts that correlates to an exact point in gross margins. I think we're most comfortable talking about it in sort of ranges around normal. It feels like a range around margins. But right now, a lot of confidence that we can hold in that normal range based on everything we're seeing.
Peter Jackson: I mean, timing is a tough thing to predict, as you know, Keith. I think based on what we're seeing in and hearing, in the market is healthy. We've certainly seen some positive signs early in the year. It would be nice if the Fed helped, can't lie based on everything that's kind of out there in the public markets, it feels like a second half dynamic. When we call out the numbers around core organic, there's certainly a big component of it. It's primarily price volume mix driven, like we give you the days, we give you the commodities in the price/volume mix space that normalization talking about in margins is certainly an important part, a driver in terms of the normalization of gross margins, it's less of an impact on sales. So the driver this year really has to be unit volumes turning and starting to accelerate again. And that's our expectation, and that's what we're starting to see. So there's certainly a lot of optimism, I would say, at this point, it really becomes a question of timing.
Peter Jackson: I mean I would say, if you're thinking about our multifamily business, you do have to go back in the rearview mirror a bit, right, in the turn-around what we build, and this is the problem in terms of everybody being able to use the sort of publicly available information. It's a little bit more specific both to markets and what we're building. However, I think what we're seeing right now is that the expected downturn throughout 2024, kind of thought it might hit late in 2023, didn't. I think people were pretty aggressive at trying to get the multifamily projects completed. So we actually saw a nice pull through a little better than we thought of that business in the fourth quarter, but definitely seeing it turn down starting in Q1 in every quarter during the year, you'll see for the multifamily business. Meaningful declines in both sales and margins as the year progresses. Still a really good business. It's just not sort of performing at those two standard deviations above normal levels anymore.
Peter Jackson: Yes. The productivity initiatives are in two kind of camps. One is how can we improve our productivity through automation and technology and then how can we do it through best practices. The benefit of our scale, our 550-plus locations, is the ability to take a best practice across the enterprise and get little chunks of productivity in every single location. So it falls in those two camps. A lot of the automation and technology is around improving customer service, improving truck turnaround times also in the manufacturing environment using automation to get more throughput per labor hour. But that would outline the things we're working on for 2020.
Peter Jackson: Sure, a little. But I mean scale-wise, we're 5x, 10x, 20x their size. So if they're adding one or two plants in certain markets, we know how to deal with it.
Peter Jackson: Yes, it's gotten a little better. I think one of the things that was holding back the M&A environment was just uncertainty around the direction of the market and people not knowing where the bottom was and not having sort of kind of a valuation to step off of. And that created disagreements between buyers and sellers. I think that's calmed down a bit. So we're a little bit more optimistic for this year, but deals are unique. Each one is a unicorn. I would say the one thing that's also improved the farther away we've gotten to the unusual commodity impact on numbers. People are now more easily or readily accepting of a base business kind of valuation for the -- for what they have going forward, and that makes the conversations easier.
Peter Jackson: Yes. The weather is modest. I think it's two to three days in terms of what we are anticipating in terms of a headwind. So that's not a huge deal. In general with the exception of that component, you've got pretty healthy business, both on a year-over-year basis and on a trending basis. So I think that's a positive. What you are seeing, though, and I think it's fair to point it out is the year-over-year lapping of what we've been talking about. I think you've heard me talk about that normalization of margins. And I've been pretty adamant that behind the scenes, regardless of this multifamily curing it, we have seen business getting back to normal in terms of the supply chain normalizing and are negotiating in the competitive environment, things just settling back down to a more normal level. And you're seeing a little bit of that in terms of the year-over-year again, still a very good number, still a very strong performance for the business, but more in line with what we would expect going forward.
Peter Jackson: Yes, that's fair to say. You're right. We've seen improvements across the Board in terms of margins. Some of that very simply to cover the inflation and the incremental cost, but we have certainly seen an increase and I would also point to our productivity as a driver for why value add has extended its differentiation from commodity. Those Dave referred to $100-plus million worth of investment and the efforts we've put around our team to improve our internal board [indiscernible] hour, our doors per man hour type of productivity metrics has contributed to a bigger differential between value add on average and commodity.
Peter Jackson: Jay, thanks for the question. For us, R&R kind of falls into two camps. There's R&R DIY and Retail. And then there's kind of pro-remodel R&R. And I think with us, too, it's market specific. We don't do it everywhere. So that's why there's a little difference in what we believe is going to happen for us, possibly versus some of the national guys and a lot of what I think is a headwind for them are big ticket items that we have never sold and don't sell like appliances, et cetera. So the fact that we have kind of a different product offering to that group a different kind of customer focus and in different parts of the country is why we -- why I believe we might have a little different expectation.
Peter Jackson: I mean we're such a small player in that overall market segment, it's a little easier for us to kind of grow that if we just focus on it a little bit. And we have the ability to do that in this current environment.
Peter Jackson: Perfect. Thank you for teeing that up for me, Jay. Next week, at IBS, we're doing a [indiscernible] product launch. Then we'll be rolling our digital tools out market by market. There's a lot of preparation in training our sales team to then know how to intelligently explain it to our customers and show the benefits to our customers. And that just takes time. And we're doing it market by market. We're making sure we do it right the first time. And as we get momentum, it will -- you'll see the efforts paying off in the later part of the year. And that's why I said more like a hockey stick probably in 2024. But we're really excited about it, and it all starts next week with the IBS product launch.
Peter Jackson: Yes Kurt, thanks for the question. So the short answer is we expect the sales pull-through to be pretty consistent with what we're already selling. The costs associated with the digital tools and the development, the rollout and even largely the support is included in the numbers. It's really been spent over the past few years. So there's no -- there's no other material that you're going to see in terms of deltas. The thing we're going to keep a close eye on is what is the support infrastructure necessary to make sure we have the right level of customer experience. We think we have an eye on it, but that's probably the only one that could potentially increase if this really picks up quickly. Again, I don't think it will be big enough to really hit the radar for anybody, even if that were to happen, just based on the service model that we've built out. It's really all about that incremental sales being pulled through from incremental share of wallet and new customers that really like being able to utilize these modern digital tools.
Peter Jackson: Thanks for the question. Installation is definitely a focus point for our strategy for 2024 as it fits very nicely into solving our customers' pain points. We do it successfully in a lot of markets today. We did $2.5 billion of material labor sales in related insulation last year. So our focus is to grow both organically and inorganically. The low-hanging fruit is the markets that we are already doing some level of installation expanding the products that we install in those markets. But we're also looking at new markets that have not done installation in the past. To do that effectively, we put our best people together and we developed an installation playbook that people can access and utilize to grow that business in their markets. And we're always looking for people who are already doing it well today that could fit into our profile through M&A. So we're going to pull all of those levers during the year, but it will be starting in Q2 and then going from there for the most part. And it will be focused on the things we're already good at today.
Peter Jackson: Well, we already saw that in the last part of the year for EWP. I don't know that we'd see too much more of that going forward. And I would call it more supply chain normalization than I would significant deflation. I think they're still challenged with a lot of inflationary operating costs that we all are. So I don't expect that they're going to be able to significantly reduce price. I think it's more holding than where it is right now that we're expecting and hoping for. But quite frankly, it wouldn't surprise me if inflation cause is even price increases going into the year.
