M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Peter. Our third quarter results demonstrate the alignment of our entire team around our strategies and customer value propositions and our ability to successfully manage through the commodity price volatility and other challenges effectively. It also demonstrates the value of our national footprint, unrivaled end-market diversity, and geographic reach, without which we cannot have achieved this record level of quarterly EBITDA or continue to generate such strong free cash flow for our shareholders. Despite the moderating market growth that we have seen recently, there continues to be substantial demand for new housing. We believe the market is adjusting its ability to satisfy this need with the right products at the right prices in the right places. We remain highly confident and enthusiastic about the runway that remains ahead of us and the value creation we will deliver from the consistent execution of our strategy. Our team remains focused on delivering exceptional value to the customers and strong results to our shareholders, and I thank all of our associates for their commitment as we build an even brighter future together. Before I turn the call over to the operator for Q&A, I want to take a moment and comment on the 8-K we filed this morning, announcing the passing of our colleague and dear friend, Morris Tolly. Morris joined BFS through the acquisition of the Pelican Companies in December 1998, almost two decades ago, and from that point on was instrumental in building the company we are today. From an operational perspective, he was the leader, the coach, the mentor and the friend we all leaned on to help pull together what was then a collection of acquired companies into the industry-leading team we are today. We will miss his keep-it-simple, commonsense approach to the business and his low-country witticism that made us all laugh hundreds of times. Our lives were all enhanced by knowing him, and we've all been blessed to work alongside him. He was just one of those guys. While Morris' passing caught us all by surprise, his leaving the company did not because I expected him to formally announce his retirement in the coming weeks, which makes his passing even that much more upsetting. Succession planning was well underway, and I anticipate an internal successor will be named very soon. Operator, we can now open the call up for Q&A.
M. Chad Crow: Oh, gosh. If I had to guess, I would say next year will be volatile as well. Probably not to the degree we saw this year. And I wouldn't be surprised if, by the time we end next year, average prices for 2019 are maybe 20% lower than they were on average this year. So I think we'll see inflation. I think we'll see volatility. But I would be surprised if average prices in total for the year are as high as 2018, but I still think they would be some pretty healthy levels. And again, that's obviously just – that's just a guess at this point.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we're obviously making a lot of investments in that part of the business, the value-add side of the business, and expanding our footprint, and we will continue to do so. I do think the long-term trend is going to be less labor, less construction on the jobsite, and more done in plants or factories. And so, as we look further down the road – and I also think that labor is going to remain a challenge for the foreseeable future. So we're constantly investing in our truss and panel capacity, for example. And anywhere we can take some of that labor off the jobsite, I think that's where we're going to create the most value for our customers and create the most stickiness with our customers, and obviously that's going to result in higher margin.
M. Chad Crow: It does feel like we may have hit kind of the low point. We'll see a lot of that's market-by-market as well. But I'm hopeful we've hit kind of the low point on that. We're investing a lot in our multi-family team and really trying to serve the multi-family business more from a roof truss and floor truss perspective primarily. And so, time will tell, but hopefully we're going to start to see some upside there.
M. Chad Crow: No, certainly not a shift in focus. I mean, we try to be in the back pockets of all our customers and that's where you're going to provide the most value in helping them actually build the house and be more than just a building products distributor. And so we're constantly pushing our guys to solve our builders' needs, solve their pain points. So, no, certainly not a shift in strategy. It's always been a strategy of ours, but it's something we continually harp on.
M. Chad Crow: Well, most customers who use those products recognize the value in it and there's a lot of components to the value. Structurally, it's a better built house, less jobsite waste, increased cycle time. So you may have a few that try to shift, but I don't think the dip in commodity prices is really going to trigger that. During the depths of the downturn when framing labor costs hit rock bottom and commodity prices were down, that's where you'd seen builders more likely to re-evaluate the cost benefit. But I don't think we're anywhere near that right now.
M. Chad Crow: Well, for the year, we've probably added somewhere around 75 – or added or internally promoted around 75 sales folks. That's a gross number. We obviously have turnover. I don't have the net number handy. But, look, that's a big push of ours is really to put a focus on developing our sales force, developing our general managers and developing our employees overall. And so, that's going to continue to be a focus of ours.
M. Chad Crow: Well, certainly the commodity prices moving in our favor helped. We saw margin improvement in all our value-add categories this quarter, which didn't surprise me. And the pricing tool we've piloted in three or four markets and we've seen some positive results. It's really a tool we've built to make it easier and quicker for GMs to do pricing, puts a little more discipline around it, provides us better exception reporting when pricing goes outside of some predetermined levels that we set and does some customer stratification for us. So it's really just adding a level of sophistication. And we have seen some good results and we're working towards rolling that out more next year. So I would say maybe I was slightly surprised by the overall improvement in gross margin, but it certainly wasn't out of what was in the realm of expectation.
M. Chad Crow: I don't even want to get into speculating that because I think to try to waste time right now trying to assume that prices are going to be where they are today all the way through next year, I just don't think that's a useful – it's not a good use of our time. I think I feel pretty good we're going to hold gross margins, improve gross margins next year. Commodities will be what they're going to be, and that's part of the business and we deal with it. And I think we did a great job this year dealing with extreme volatility, and we're going to continue to execute no matter what it brings. So we really haven't even run numbers yet because I just don't think the prices are going to stay where they are.
M. Chad Crow: That's a good question when you try to drown out all the other noise that's going on. I think if we execute on our strategic plan over the next few years of expanding value-add on the company as a whole, gosh, I could see by the end of say 2021 or so kind of a permanent improvement of 40 basis points or so in our gross margin would be, I guess, a best guess off the top of my head.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. In that type of environment, the cash flow would not be impacted as much as you might think because you do have the offset of working capital less taxes. And if things look like they're slowing down, we may delay some of the CapEx too. And so it's a bit of a silver lining in the business we're in. We do, as business is growing, use up a lot of cash and working capital and investing in things like that. But as things slow, we're able to release some of those items. So the net change in cash flow can be fairly minimal.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I don't see the leverage of SG&A as really a step function. I see it more as linear, and every little bit of incremental volume we get helps. And as you know, it also helps the gross margin side of things as well with volume going through our plants. And historically speaking, the busier the builders are getting, the more they're building, the less focused they are on saving a nickel here and there and become much more focused on service. So, in my opinion, every little bit of volume helps.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. I think that's accurate. We are seeing more and more interest and more and more discussions with builders who historically have not used it, deciding now is the time to start trying it.
M. Chad Crow: To some degree, I almost feel like we're victims of our own actions. I think as prices start to fall, everybody gets a little more cautious on buying. And so, all of a sudden, everybody's gone from, oh, I've got to buy to cover my position because prices are rising, to sitting on the sidelines and waiting to see where things stop falling. And so, in a sense, we all start acting in concert and it ends up – and I think that's part of the problem. And I think at some point folks are going to say this thing's hit bottom and everybody is going to start buying again, and we all know what that's going to mean. It's going to mean prices are going to go up. So I think it's a lesser concern about – I mean there's seasonality involved for sure. But I think it's less a concern of the overall health of housing, as it is just people just trying to guess when the bottom is going to be.
M. Chad Crow: Certainly, yeah, that's the plan. And I think, as I said earlier, I don't see all of a sudden having to go out of labor to build houses. And so I think that's going to continue to be an issue for the builders, and I think the builders are going to continue to look for ways to more efficiently build homes, build homes more quickly. So, yes, I think the investment we're making in the value-added products will allow us to grow faster than whatever the market is giving us.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. As I said in the prepared comments, that's largely in the upper Midwest, the Ag region of the country where the tariff wars that are going on have really started impacting some of the farmers and made them cautious about spending. They're a big part of the business up in that part of the country. And to a lesser degree Alaska, although Alaska is performing a little better than last year, still relative to national numbers that you see in R&R, still underperforming a bit. So it's primarily those two markets for us.
M. Chad Crow: And, Trey, it gives us a little flexibility if we decide to take some inventory position between now and the end of the year as well.
M. Chad Crow: Well, for us, it's a very small piece of our business, I would say, from a sales perspective. That's where we do a lot of our commercial and multi-family business, and so that's obviously been down somewhat for us. From a gross margin perspective, been relatively flat year-over-year. I would expect to see a little uptick in the overall business in those categories next year if we do start to see a little bit of a rebound in the multi-family side of things for us.
M. Chad Crow: Oh, no. Sorry. That was from a gross margin standpoint. So what price increases we have gotten, we've done a good job of getting those passed on.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we see acceptance across all our single-family homebuilder categories, and certainly the multi-family side are big users. So those products aren't limited to national builders or custom builders. There's pretty good acceptance across all categories. As far as regions go, historically, components have been readily accepted in the Northeast, in the Northwest, a little less so in the South where you've traditionally had more labor availability, but that's changed. Those dynamics are changing. And so we're certainly seeing more acceptance in the Southern part of the country than we've had in the past. From a mix standpoint, gosh, we're going to continue to push. And anything we can do to drive down the pure commodity distribution business and expand the value-add side of the business, I think, gosh, we said it as a percent of sales that we can move that mix 1% to 2% a year that would be pretty successful in my mind.
M. Chad Crow: Well, it's largely the Western part of the country where we feel like we're under-represented in our footprint. I'd rather not disclose which particular markets we're talking about this for competitive reasons. But I would say a lot of it's largely the legacy ProBuild footprint where those products were under-represented.
M. Chad Crow: Okay. Thanks, Peter. We appreciate everyone joining our call today. Look forward to updating you on the progress of our initiatives in the quarters ahead. And if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to Binit or Peter. Thank you.
Peter Jackson: Yeah, you're right. There are a lot of moving pieces right now and it seems like a lot of things are kind of in flux. But we do still feel like overall housing demand will grow, single-family demand will grow next year. Best guess now, maybe single family is up 4%, 5%. Time will tell, obviously. But it still feels like more of a pause, a speed bump, whatever you want to call it. So I would say sitting here today I expect single family to be up. Commodity prices. It's funny, two quarters ago we were talking about how high prices were and were we going to update our long-term forecast because what we've thrown out there would be a slam dunk at those prices. And now we're talking about are prices going to stay where they are today. I think what we can all agree is prices aren't going to stay where they are. And I think when I responded to the question two quarters ago, I said, yeah, that would be great but we all known prices won't stay where they are, commodity lumber prices, they just don't, they never do. So I would fully expect to see commodity price inflation. From where we are today, it's starting to feel like we've hit some lows. And we'll be dealing with some of the same things we've dealt with last year, transportation issues, things like that. So, yes, if commodity prices stayed where they were today all the way through next year, that'd be a pretty big headwind, but I really don't anticipate that's going to happen. And we're closing out a year that was probably the most volatile ever in commodity prices and I think we managed through it really well and we're producing a hell of a year. And so we'll deal with whatever cards are dealt us next year, but I would fully expect to see some inflation between now and then as we work through the rest of next year.
Peter Jackson: It's a good question. I think that maybe the best way to characterize it is that at the peak we were seeing pretty substantial increases in both accounts receivable and inventories from the impact of inflation. I think that when we were looking at it in the third quarter, it was still probably $100 million to $150 million range of headwind that we were still burning through. We think we'll burn off a good chunk of that by year-end, sort of in line with the way that we generally would pull down accounts receivable and inventory. I don't really have a number for you off the top of my head for next year's cash flow results, but I think it's fair to say that we would see it as a tailwind. Again, to Chad's comments, so it's a little early to count any chickens on that just because of the volatility we've seen.
Peter Jackson: So, I mean, we don't have any real market information that we feel comfortable banging up against. I mean, I think that when we talk about single-family, we have some high-level starts numbers, even that's tough given the changing size and profile of the homes that we sell into. We feel very good about our performance. We think we're at or above market. We think we're holding or gaining share as far as value add goes. Yeah, there's a good chunk of commodity inflation and pricing change in the number this year, but we're still solidly in the double digits for growth in the manufactured products, I think still in that double-digit range for consolidated value add, so clearly market share being taken in that space. I think it's consistent both with the investments we're making as well as the market adoption of that sort of labor-saving service that we provide in that space. So we feel like that is very healthy and I think consistent that we've seen pretty much all year and through last year. So we feel very, very good about the investments we've made and our continuing commitment to that space. We think our customers like it and it continues to get great traction.
Peter Jackson: Sure. I think you hit the nail on the head. We did have a good quarter. Sales were up. We did see leverage. We're very pleased with that. But I think your point is valid. There are some components we are seeing in our SG&A results. Some of it's real obvious. We had better profitability, so we saw increased incentive comp. That's probably the biggest piece. Another one is we pay more commissions when we have higher gross margins. So, predictably, our commission rate went up a bit. There are also some, I think, underlying expense. I think the inflation environment we're seeing is – I think it's fair to characterize that it continues to be a challenge. We called out fuel in the Q, so you'll see that. I think that's a continuing headwind. There's also a couple of internal aspects with regard to insurance. I think healthcare continues to be a headwind for us. The costs there are real and something we're battling through. And then I would say that wage inflation is a broad-based challenge for us. I think we're doing quite a good job at managing it, but it continues to be something that we see on an annual basis.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I mean, I don't know if I have a change in profile there. I think that there's a – when we look at the interest that we're incurring throughout the year, we incur more when we have our seasonal borrowing, which is coming down pretty rapidly right now. So I think, on a profile basis, our fourth quarter has relatively lower interest.
Peter Jackson: And to add to that point, I think the labor constraint hasn't been alleviated despite some of the challenges you've outlined there. I think that, yes, we are – the homebuilders need to reset and be able to provide what the homebuyers really want. But that labor to build those homes hasn't magically appeared and it continues to be a great solution for our customers for that problem.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Fair question. I think that the work that we've done around working capital is more a matter of structural discipline and a continuing focus on it to make sure that it never gets out of control, and we're still in that 9% to 10% range. I think that there are some specific examples that I can give you of success stories on a location-by-location basis. The dynamics that I think is challenging for the quarterly metric or for the ongoing metric is the in-month ups and downs, the nature of what we hold for our customers, the nature of how we have product on the ground at different valuations for projects or specific ordering profiles. It's a little bit harder to point to a specific quarter or a trend move, but I do see the benefits of the organization in what we do on a location-by-location basis by that focus. And I'm not quite ready to change our guide on that, but I think it will be part of the tailwind that we see coming to the back end of this year. And as we look at the year-over-year comps for working capital use into 2019, I think we'll see it as well. It's going to be caught up in that deflation number though based on where we are right now.
Peter Jackson: Well, I would say that I think our guide is pretty consistent at least on the working capital side. I think that 9% to 10% of incrementals is a fair expectation for us. You hit the nail on the head. There's obviously a lot of noise in there with regard to deflation and the previous question about the work we're doing on working capital, but I think that's still a fair metric to use in your model.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think our guide historically has been that we think that there's about a 70% variable component of SG&A. I think that's fairly true. I think that – we're still very confident in the market. We think there's still a lot of opportunity there for us to grow. So we definitely don't see the existing market or the market we're looking at day-in day-out is a cause for concern, a cause for aggressive action to make sure we're getting in front of it. I realize that folks on the Street look at a decline of growth from 9% to mid-single digits as something well-nigh the apocalypse, but it still feels like a pretty healthy market for us. We're still feeling pretty good about our opportunities. So I think that we will continue to deliver along the lines of what we've been talking about over the past few quarters in terms of incrementals on working capital, commodities, SG&A. I think all those things are still holding true.
Peter Jackson: And I think you hit the nail on the head a little bit in terms of the industry-wide inventory levels. I think that that disruption we saw earlier in the year with regard to transport caused people to take safer positions. So, when it turned, there was enough wood on the ground and in the channel that people have been able to do what Chad talked about, which is just kind of wait it out a little bit, see what's happened, and it's corresponded with the seasonal decline in usage. And you sort of layer those things together and, yeah, I think it's structurally something we'll work through, and to Chad's point, it'll find its level pretty quick here.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I'll be real candid that that type of cash flow forecasting for the year-end is always very challenging. We're looking at the numbers in detail and trying to dial it in. Part of it has to do quite simply with the burn-off of the – or the collection process around the sales and the burn-off of the inventory that we had earlier on in the year. I'm sure you can appreciate the fact that the averages look nice and easy, but down at the location level, it's a bit more challenging to see where's the wood, where are the receivables, and at what pricing, and then how are we burning it off. It's our best estimate. We're clearly going to shoot for more than that, but I think that $170 million is the right number for the guidance. But in light of that, we are still going to be below the 3.5 times levered number. That's a commitment that we are committed to and that we're looking forward to delivering on as sort of the final chapter in the ProBuild acquisition story.
Peter Jackson: One of the challenges we've had on that point is that with the growth in commodities, it's sort of been hiding the fact that we have been growing our manufactured products quite well. But that will prove itself out over time.
Peter Jackson: Not handy. No. We can try and look forward to having some of that information in the future, but that's not something we've done in the past.
Peter Jackson: So the one point I want to clarify to Alex's question earlier about the days, he asked the question and I was agreeing that we have a difference in days, but I've been pointed out that we think he might have said less days. It's actually more days in the fourth quarter. In 2018, we lost a day of sales in Q1, and we'll gain a day in Q4, full-year flat. So, just a clarifying point.
Matthew Bouley: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. And I'll say we're all sorry for your loss over here as well.
Matthew Bouley: I wanted to follow up around the questions on the commodity price. And I think you just mentioned that you guys are confident around kind of a rebound there. So, just if we are in, I guess, this stable single-family volume environment here, I think you just mentioned 4% to 5% next year, and given housing is a big driver of lumber demand and you guys are obviously closer to the market and normal isn't really a word that you can necessarily apply to lumber, but at this point what's kind of your best guess, given supply and demand, around what kind of a normalized lumber price should look like into next year? Thank you
Matthew Bouley: Okay. Understood. Thank you for that. And then, on the manufactured products business, the 21% growth, I think I heard you say double-digit on volume. Is there any finer point you can put on that volume versus price there? Because it's just – obviously, given what you mentioned around the market growth next year, I think it would just be helpful to understand your growth relative to the market and so how we can think about that into 2019? Thank you.
