Chad Crow: Thank you, Binit. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. I'll start with an update on our first quarter achievement. Then Peter will discuss our first quarter results in more detail. I'll then finish with an update on our strategic priorities and outlook. I'll start on slide 3. I'm extremely pleased with our strong start to 2019 as we managed to outperform the market, demonstrating the resilient strength of our company, strategy and team. We continue to capitalize on our competitive advantages and realize the increasing benefits of our investments and initiatives. While commodity price deflation decreased our net sales by more than 9% we grew our sales volume by nearly 7%, substantially outperforming the recent housing starts. Adjusted EBITDA grew by almost 22% compared to the first quarter last year. Excluding deflation, our value-added product sales grew by an impressive 10% as we continue to benefit from our investments in capacity, as well as investment in our sales force. Our team continue to execute our strategy in a challenging quarter and our results clearly reflect it. Our operational excellence initiatives continue to show tangible progress. As we have discussed on prior calls, our primary initiatives are focused in four areas; enhanced business analytics, pricing management tools, our My BFS Builder Customer Portal, and delivery optimization technology. Today, we have rolled out our delivery optimization system to nearly 170 locations measurably improving the speed, up time, and reliability of our distribution network. We expect these initiatives to contribute between $14 million and $16 million to our EBITDA in 2019. We are increasingly realizing the growth, and margin expansion benefits of our investments in value-added products capacity. While becoming an even more important partner to our customers, by helping them solve challenges like increasing costs, labor scarcity, and long cycle times. Our plan is to continue expanding our manufacturing and value-added capacity to remain on track. During the balance of 2019, we intend to invest in three new truss plants, approximately eight new truss lines in existing plants, door facility expansions and new machinery and systems to a dozen more. We're extremely proud of our industry-leading production capacity, sales force and distribution network. And will continue to invest to enhance our position. I'll talk more about our value-added products and their potential a little later in the call I'll now turn the call over to Peter, who will review our first quarter financial results in more detail.
Chad Crow: And Peter is way too kind with the dollars we are investing in manufacturing facility there damn well better be higher margins in the future. So well done Peter, but -- yes absolutely, there should be higher margins in the future that's the hope we have in all of the investments.
Chad Crow: I'll just -- can we go back to my previous comment. We are putting a lot of time and money into growing that side of our business. And I absolutely believe we should be outpacing the -- whatever that market is, we should be taking share in that market. And that's been our strategy as we said in the opening comments for over a decade now and that will continue to be our strategy is to grow that side of the business and take share.
Chad Crow: I would stay the bulk of the investment would be in the roof trusses and the floor trusses, a lesser amount going to the wall panels and the precut framing packages.
Chad Crow: Yes. And this year, as Peter hinted is a little different. Last year at this time, it was more of the Western part of the country that was outperforming. And this year for us, it's more in the Southeast. And I think some of that was weather related. I think west of the Mississippi took a harder hit from a weather perspective. And we're really performing well in some of these Southeast markets and taking some shares. So it's a little bit different than what we saw last year, but I think the geographic diversity certainly as Peter mentioned helps that.
Chad Crow: The other thing I would like add to that is a complicating factor in trying to make the decision is that, there is growth broadly in the use of that component product. There is also this aging of the ownership and the experience level in the industry. So there is sort of this, almost disconnected from the market opportunity to grow that part of the business. So there is certainly a lot of tailwind there, and we don't want to leave money on the table. To your point, we always have to keep an eye on the end as well.
Chad Crow: Personally, I think the landscape is large enough. As Peter mentioned, I think the trend to off-site construction will continue. And I feel like that there is a growing opportunity out there. So, it doesn't surprise me at all that other players see the same thing and want to get into it. I think Buffet's a pretty smart guy, so maybe that just validates our investment thesis.
Chad Crow: Yes. And we had all our regional leaders in Dallas, I believe, it was last week, just for an operational review. And a lot of the feedback we got was exactly what Peter said. It seemed like towards end of last year and this is -- specifically, they were talking in the Southeast U.S., a lot of the builders, as rates were creeping up last year, started backing up on specs. And the guys that were in last week fully expect and are hearing from their builder customers, that now they're -- they were little behind and they're going to have to build more specs than they had originally thought. And then some of it of course is -- they feel like there's some pent-up demand from all the weather we've had and they said the backlog is looking very strong over the next several months as these lots continue to dry out and construction can start to take place at a normal cadence.
Chad Crow: Yes. I think that's absolutely part of it and then a lot of it is just demand from our customers where we continue to see the market shift towards these products and so where there is gaps in our offering we've got in many cases customers reaching out to us and saying when you're going to start selling me components. So it's a good position to be in.
Chad Crow: Yes. You know the R&R market just to recap right we are primarily exposed in three key markets: Southern California, Alaska and the Upper Midwest. Southern California as everybody is aware has seen a pullback in the housing starts and certainly a lot of interruption from weather started this year. However, in short the core, R&R part of that business has been pretty stable, pretty healthy. Alaska has been a headwind for us the past couple of years. They've struggled with the reset in the oil prices, but things have leveled off there and they started to see some growth which we are pleased with. It's a great operation for us. And while we continue to I can see a bit slower than normal growth in the Midwest. It's not been enough to offset the recovery more broadly. So it's, I think, it's a strong part of the business for us right now we always anticipate that it's going to be a bit more stable and the volatility in single-family starts market and that sort of proving out while a quarter here, a quarter there might be weaker – we’ve seen it, its pretty consistent.
Chad Crow: It is a component obviously but there is a lot more that goes into the manufacturing of trusses as opposed to distributing sticks and so while it can impact that manufactured component business it's not nearly to the degree it would be on commodity lumber. You've got design cost you've got labor cost you've got other things to go in to the component that kind of helps insulate it from the valve swings that you can get on them on the distributed framing products.
Chad Crow: And I think part of our optimism the balance of the year is from what I talked about earlier when we had the regional leaders in few weeks ago. There does feel like some pent-up demand due to the weather and the commentaries from some of the builders that they feel like they're a little behind on specs.
Chad Crow: We expect to be done with the bulk of rollout at the end of this year and then we are going to -- that won't be to every location it's the larger locations. We are going to pause at that point and then see how much further we think we need to roll it out it, may not make sense to rollout to a single-site market for example you get much more benefit in larger markets we got multiple locations trying to work together to make deliveries and serve the customers. So, we are going to will finish Phase 1 at the end of this year and then as I said pause and see if there is a next phase or not.
Chad Crow: Thank you and again I really appreciate everyone joining our call today. And we certainly look forward to updating you on the progress of our initiatives in the quarters ahead. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to Binit or Peter. Thank you.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Thank you, Matt. That's a good point. The movement in commodities, of course, influences our average gross margin and where we stand currently I don't think there is any question for us internally that there is opportunity north of 25%. In the near-term, let's say drifting 25% to 25.5% but when you start layering on the expense benefits of the growth and value-added manufactured components as well as the working operational excellence, we certainly see that increasing over time. That is accurate.
Peter Jackson: Again back to our overall strategy, it's a quite fragmented market still, plenty of opportunities for us to grow organically and inorganically as well as expanding use of the product by broader home-building industry. We are excited about it.
Peter Jackson: Yes. There is I would say a very modest amount of influence left over in April from the deflation, but that's about it. So I'd say the bulk of that greater than 25% is in our opinion normal. And we'll just have to keep an eye on commodity prices to see how that might move that number around a bit.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So I would say the messaging is consistent. I wouldn't say there have been any changes to the guides we put around those facilities. They're generally $15 million to $20 million in sales with 10% to 12% or higher depending on the opportunity in the geographic location in margins. We are talking about a pretty substantial return, when it comes to the investment. It does take some time to get them out of the ground. So our ramp up expectation is probably about 20 months from start to finish in terms of getting the facility running. So that's were the challenge in laying out number there, but it is certainly a tailwind both in sales and EBITDA based on the investments we've continued to be consistent with over the last couple of years and we expect to continue over the upcoming years. With the advantage of as we return to one more normalized record ratio opportunities for tuck-ins to contribute to that as well.
Peter Jackson: We think so yes. I mean, our models has a pretty consistent growth amount in there. Admittedly, there is certainly a lot more to do there. So more investment to come, but over the coming years we think that's -- that consistent level of investment is a good baseline for your model.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think last year was obviously an anomaly several things that triggered the rapid inflation we saw, and then the course had fell off at the end of the year. I think what we've seen so far this year we have had some additional capacity come on. We haven't had the delivery the rail and the trucking delays that we saw last year. And I think housing demand has been a little soft at the first half the year. I think a lot of that was due to a little bit rougher weather year-over-year. I think as we get into the -- more of the seasonal building time, you'll -- we would expect to see prices strengthen a little bit. We're not expecting a runaway like we saw last year, but would expect as we get into the summer months as demand picks up, it will eat up some of that additional capacity that's come online at the mills. But all-in-all still expecting it to be a relatively flat year from a commodity pricing standpoint.
Peter Jackson: So I guess, I can start there and Chad can sure chime in, but end of the analysis we've seen so far would indicate that our geographic exposure being so broadly spread out across the country helped to sort of insulate us from some of the disruption in certain key markets. I think that some of the markets that were hardest hit are markets that perhaps we don't have a strong presence in so that worked to our advantage as well. And then lastly in the part that, I would emphasize the most is this idea that our value add in our manufactured components, the areas that we feel is the right balance and the portfolio sort of offering that we're able to provide continued to be strong than in March reason, because we haven't continued to invest right. We continued to investment from sales force perspective, from an equipment perspective so those aspects of the business continue to grow as a result of that focus and operational performance.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I'm not surprised at all that you've caught that an issue. So my observation on this is that you know this as well I do. One quarter does not a trend make, while we feel very confident about our performance, and we're pleased with it, it seemed unwise to extrapolate a number that was so successful. Are we going to try to replicate that? Absolutely. From a forecasting perspective, we believe that the overall performance of the industry is one that we will approximate and hopefully beat, but we're trying to forecast what we believe to be a reasonable and deliverable target that we absolutely intend to try and beat.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think a lot of that will depend on as things play out what we think the cycle is going to look like. Right now, we are in the camp of -- the growth can't go on forever. But I don't -- at this point, I wouldn't expect a significant downturn when there is a slowing, and when we do kind of hit that peak of a cycle. So, we are very well could for the most part, invest right through it and if that's the position we continue to take. And a lot of it maybe dependent on the market, this market specific that we are looking at, but it's a balancing act as you know. We want to be long-term focused. We want to invest in where we think the building industry is heading. Will we have to tap the brakes here and there along the way perhaps. But again, it's just kind of -- be a game time decision as we get a little deeper into the cycle.
Peter Jackson: And I do think, we are better positioned than they are just from the perspective that we can sell to everybody and it helps us better utilize our capacity on an ongoing basis. Because, we can sell to every homebuilder, and homebuilders try and do it themselves or, even framers that are aligned with the given homebuilder try and do it themselves. It's far more difficult for them to cover it or fix the overhead over time. It's an advantage that we will posses no matter of the market or the competitor.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I guess I can start. The commentary, as far as our performance during the quarter, we saw the same, I would say, broad starts numbers in our markets that we would have expected in the national with the exception of Northern California. It's probably the most obvious one. A little bit in some of the secondary MSAs, but clearly we're in the heart of most of the large ones. So not a massive difference, but certainly a difference -- California is a significant mover. And so that is absolutely one of the ways in which we think that 3% to 6% for us, perhaps, differentiates a little bit from the national number. But that is an area where we continue to see strength as we hear feedback from our homebuilder customers. Our sales force continues to hear that. Yes, there has been a slowdown. Yes, there's been a pause, if you will, but there's absolutely a wave coming in terms of the rebound that you might expect to see from the reduction in home mortgage rates and the actions that the homebuilders have taken to recover the market.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Well, you're definitely seeing the few things that are happening. One is the reset with the deflation flowing through, but also the outside margins are driving a bit higher -- of the higher expense on SG&A conditions in the long term. So I do think that over the longer term we are talking about still the 12% to 15% fall through, still seeing a normalized EBITDA rate that is influenced both by that mix that move towards value add and the operational excellence initiatives. In the near term, no question that the EBITDA dollars will be negatively influenced by the reset in the deflation -- reset in the commodities and the difficult -- resulting deflation, but again offsetting with the underlying growth that's kind of how we get to the full year number. And we'll just have to work through that messaging, so that everybody is clearly able to understand the impact of the commodity movement and how that differentiates from sort of the core operations of it.
Peter Jackson: Well, a big part of it is just the people. We've got people in this organization that have lived and breathed components their entire life and they're really good at it. There is bit of a barrier to entry, certainly, higher than someone who just wants to open a lumber yard. When you're talking probably $6 million, $7 million to get a plan up and running, there is a degree of a barrier there. And I think, our broad footprint and our customer relationships across the country certainly help us when we do decide to put a new plant in, to build it a lot quicker and begin to cover that overhead, because we'll typically be in conversation with customers in that market long before we put a plant there and know that there is a level of demand there that will support it. So, look, I think, it's just a combination of those things. And as you already pointed out, we've been doing it very, very, very long time and it's just something we feel like we're one of the best at. So there is a competitive advantage there, when you have been doing it as long as we have and have the personnel we have and the customer relations we have coast-to-coast.
Peter Jackson: I would say they're pretty consistent. And as I said earlier, I fully expect as we get into the seasonal building time those labor constraints are going to be just as real as they were last year. Obviously, they hit the peak during the late spring and summer when most of the building activity is trying to take place. So now so far those conversations really haven't changed.
Peter Jackson: I think your argument is that the overall studies would say it proves itself. We can charge what we believe to be a fair market price and the benefits to the homebuilder in speedway, safety, the quality plus the computer-aided design and engineered aspect of the components it generally takes costs out just from a pure lumber perspective. So we've had very good success at getting paid a fair margin and a fair price and still having it to be of benefit to the homebuilder. So we don't think as cost out component that's net needed in order to be a competitor not to say we're not going to continue to fight for it. We think the efficiency is where we continue to separate ourselves from competitors.
Peter Jackson: I appreciate the question. It is a really good question. And no. Basically, A, I don't have the materials in front of me; B, at this stage, we haven't made the decision to stop breaking out. Clearly, we're going to communicate that as part of our long range plan messaging over time. We are not just not ready to do that today.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, honestly, we did not provide full year guide in the last quarter guide really because of the uncertainties. The homebuilders weren’t willing to guide and we didn't think it's wise for us to get out in front of them. Subsequent to that, we have put a lot of commentary -- a lot more if you will and their expectations for the year. As well as in the commentary directly from them, so we feel much better. I think that's 3% to 6%, it might be a little richer based on the first quarter results than what we have modeled when we gave some of our cash flow guidance, but as the increase in cash flow guidance, we think there has been some strengthening beyond even our expectations. Immediately offset little bit by the continued flatness of the commodity pricing.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, I would say on the commodity value impact, you hit the nail on the head we will see a fading headwind to the sales dollars. One thing think I want to make sure and I want point out is just we just account for the lapping that we will see. So, I don't want anybody anticipate significant deflationary environment in the fourth quarter of this year which would cause us not to be able to replicate the large tailwind from the deflationary impact in the fourth quarter. So, to keep that in mind, over those two different thesis, right is, of course, the baseline core operating impact of the value of commodities, and then there is the short-term swings or flows in gross margin percentage that we see in any given quarter related to those compare. For example, this quarter we saw the tailwind not only from this year's deflation, but also the lack of inflation from last year.
John Baugh: Good morning. Congrats. Thanks for completely ruining all our models and taking housing starts and lagging up three to six months.
John Baugh: Yes. I was wondering if we could, from a high level, talk about the value-add. You've obviously been added for, as you said, a decade. And talk to, I don't know, the barriers to entry, if you will of -- because it's obvious, it's working. Is it your scale geographically? Is it your capital balance sheet? What precisely do you think keeps you in front of the competition as this is a clear direction that people should be moving? Thank you.
John Baugh: And then just a quick comment maybe on the repair remodel side, existing home sales have been weak for quite some time, and there is some evidence out there is choppiness in that margin. What have you seen based on that on your projection? How are you looking at that side of the market? Thank you and good luck.
