M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Peter. As demonstrated by our solid second quarter results, our team continues to execute on plans and deliver value to our customers at an exceptionally high level. I am impressed with their execution in building an even stronger Builders FirstSource. I continue to look forward to capturing the substantial growth and value-creating opportunities that we have laid out and to further setting the groundwork for our future. We continue to execute a clear strategy, and I believe that we have never been better positioned to generate increasing returns for our shareholders and value for our customers by leveraging our national footprint, strong customer relationships, end market diversity and operational excellence initiatives. I want to thank all of our associates for their hard work and, once again, delivering such strong results as we build an even brighter future together. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
M. Chad Crow: Well, a couple of things. Yes, I would say you're right. The competitive landscape is changing and we're certainly not considered one of the major players in those categories. And so, from a competitive positioning, that has gotten a little tougher. I will also say that a lot of our business that we do, especially in gypsum, is multi-family and commercial. And then, we've obviously seen a tail-off in that business.
M. Chad Crow: Well, Nishu, I would say that the price has peaked at the beginning in June. And so, we had maybe two to three weeks of prices falling in the back half of the second quarter. And so really obviously no benefit in the second quarter. And given the transportation issues that we were all experiencing before prices started falling, we had a six, seven-week backlog of orders coming in, which were at the higher prices. And so what we saw in July was the tail on our – on order products still coming in. We obviously weren't buying much additional inventory because prices were falling so fast. You typically don't like to be buying when prices are falling that rapidly. You'd rather wait till you hit a bottom. And so our average cost on hand was slow to change. Combine that with the 30-day tail we have on most of our pricing. And so most of July was spent finishing out projects that were priced in the second quarter. And so the net result of all that is we saw minor margin improvement in July. But in the last couple of weeks, we've started to see a marked improvement invoiced margins up 50, 60 basis points. But remember that – after July, it was relatively flat with the second quarter. So a little bit of lag there. I hope that helps explain some of it. But certainly like the trends we're seeing now, and we expect those trends to continue and even accelerate.
M. Chad Crow: It's hard for them to move houses back and forth that easily, and time is money for them and they want houses completed and done. You do get a few customers and we've seen it who have asked for us to reset our price agreements because prices were falling. And the short answer was no. We took it in the shorts the last year on the way up and we committed – we stayed committed to our contracts, and we expect our business partners to do the same. And so the answer was no to that. And something else I'll mention on the commodity prices, prices have fallen a lot in recent weeks but they're just now getting back to where they were at the beginning of the year. And so it's easy to lose sight of how high a point they started to fall from. Prices are still at a healthy level even though they've fallen as much as they have. In fact, they could fall, gosh, another $100 or $1,000 and we would just then be getting back to a historical average price for both framing lumber and OSB. And so we feel like prices will start to bottom out in the next couple of weeks. There's a lot of folks that have been on the sidelines not buying. Inventory positions are getting low, and folks are going to have to start buying again. So it feels like we're going to find a floor here in the next couple of weeks.
M. Chad Crow: I'm fairly confident it will sustain itself. We're really happy with what we're seeing and hearing from the demand side. I know there's been a few negative headlines on housing recently on prices – our home prices getting expensive and interest rates creeping up. But in my opinion, the tailwind still outweigh the headwinds. And we're liking what we see from a demand standpoint, and I think that's going to feed right into those value-add products.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I'll touch on one that's near and dear to my heart, and that's our delivery optimization efforts. We've targeted – of that $65 million to $75 million of annual savings, one-third of that is delivery optimization. And to-date, we've rolled out our new delivery dispatch management system to about 100 of our locations and then expect to have that rolled out to 140 by yearend. And we're starting to see a gap now between the markets that are on the system and have been on it a while and have adopted it versus those that aren't on it yet. We're seeing driver on road percentage go up. We're seeing engine idle times decrease. And basically, what you want to see an overall increase in your fleet efficiency. And so although diesel has gone up this year and driver wages continue to go up, these are starting to look like they're taking some – taking hold and really helping us offset some of these increases. And so I think that's part of what you're seeing. We're going to implement a driver incentive program in Q4 to further motivate our drivers to begin managing their day by these metrics. We've got a lot of really great information in the hands of our operators when it comes to delivery optimization and we're starting to see that take hold. So, that's just one area. Obviously, a lot of these initiatives, back-office efficiencies, things like that, some of them are really hard to measure from a hard dollar perspective. If we're turning our trucks a little quicker in the yards, if our drivers are on the road a little more during the day, there's obviously savings there, there's efficiencies there. Hard to put an exact number on these things. But the overall goal is to see your SG&A as a percentage of sales drop. And so, I think that's certainly part of what you're seeing.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah, yeah. And as long as we stipulate that commodity prices sort of stay where they're at now, that's a reasonable assumption.
M. Chad Crow: You're usually looking about right on a breakeven after about one year and then, obviously, in years two to three being profitable and it's usually about overall three-year payback on those things.
M. Chad Crow: Those are quicker. I would say – yeah, within a year, you're probably up and running and maybe slightly shorter payback, a little less expensive equipment. And not only are we opening some new facilities, but also upgrading some of the equipment in some of our plants too. And obviously, that's an immediate benefit when you're just replacing older equipment with more efficient equipment.
M. Chad Crow: I would say the margin trend on manufactured has been somewhat flat because there is some pressure on price due to lumber inflation. But also the incremental volumes and running these plants more efficiently has helped to offset that. So, I would say it's been relatively flat on a margin basis.
M. Chad Crow: And I'll just jump in because I love talking about these initiatives. But some of the pricing initiatives we have going, I'm excited about some early results we're seeing. We are piloting a new pricing tool in two markets this month. And once we get the kinks worked out of that, we plan on rolling that out to additional markets. We've got a special quarter margin initiative, so special order meaning items that we don't typically carry in stock, but with special order for customers. We've got an initiative we just started that in July. And in the first month, we saw a 25 basis point improvement in special order margin. I expect more to come on that. And then, our new BI platform that we're rolling out is giving us a lot better information around net profitability by customer and allows us to do some customer stratification. And so, it really helps the guys have some information at their fingertips to look at what are we really making off our customers. It's easier to say, hey, I'm selling this guy a 24% margin. That's a good margin. But are they paying by credit card or are we having to run additional hotshots out there? And so, we're getting reporting in place now where we can look at all the pieces of profitability, basically down to EBIT or EBITDA per customer and makes some more educated pricing decisions. And so, a lot of things like that are underway. Again, rolling these things out to 400 locations and adoption is always a challenge but – so we're still in the early stages, but really liking some of the early results so far.
M. Chad Crow: The one thing I think could slow the rate of growth, I don't think it would be enough to send us backwards, would be the cost of homes, especially the higher-end homes. I think there are some markets now where it's getting pretty pricey and I think some folks may step aside and wait for prices to come down. I think if that happens, then prices will come down. Builders will have to adjust. I think there's still demand there. I think we're going to see an increase in demand in the entry level homes. But if there's any, I guess – if you would say, if there's any headwind at all that I think might have some teeth to it, it would be the upper-end homes and how pricey some of those are getting. But again, does that mean we go from a 8% growth in single family to a 4% or 5% for a period of time or, heck, even if we had a year where we flattened out, not the end of the world, that's still a very healthy environment for us, and we can still perform very well and generate a lot of cash even in that environment. So yeah, I am bullish about it.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. The guidance we laid out assumes that the price has bottomed out here in the next couple of weeks and kind of stabilized within a reasonable range. Framing lumber is the largest component of our commodity category. The one largest SKU is 7/16-inch OSB, which I think – and I could be off a little here – I think is about 5% of that category. But the framing lumber composite, it drives the majority of that category.
M. Chad Crow: Well, it's – generically, Trey, it's out west largely. I mean, we've got a pretty concentrated footprint in the eastern part of the country. The holes in our geography are more western part of the country.
M. Chad Crow: I just wanted to follow up on the previous question from Jay. Just a little more clarification. Of our commodity product category, 70% of that is framing lumber driven and 30% is panels. And of that panel portion, 7/16-inch OSB is the largest piece of that. I think it's about 6% of that panel's category. So, I just want to clarify that.
M. Chad Crow: Well, thank you once again for joining our call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of our initiatives in the quarters ahead. And if you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Jen, Binit or Peter. Thank you.
Peter Jackson: So, I wouldn't say that there's a significant change due to the facilities – the four facilities that were opening up this year. Generally, the ramp-ups are pretty smooth. They're elongated over the first year. There's always a little bit of a headwind associated with the inefficiencies when you do that. So, that's part of what we called out in the investments in our strategic initiatives. But the benefit you're seeing this year was primarily from the facilities we opened last year.
Peter Jackson: We generally talk about it, and I know you've heard us in light of the amount of inventory we have on hand and then the time lines around when we reset our pricing with our customers. So, we generally say, it's about a quarter or quarter and a half from the time the turn happens whether it'd be up or down. The things would level out kind of that three to four-month range.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. That will moderate. I mean, if you think about the impact of commodities on the business, to the extent that moderates, that will back off a bit. Q3 is probably in a favorable position still, but if – as we talk about Q4, that would be one of the offset.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I don't have that – I would say my gut would say it's probably – by far, the lion's share is growth through additional customers. Maybe 90% of the growth was through the same customers and the remainder on acquiring new customers.
Peter Jackson: So, I think we hit on a couple of those. Clearly, we saw a decline – the bulk of the decline that we talked about attributable to commodities. There's also the mix component, again, through this quarter. So, that gets us to over 100 bps of the 130 bps. There's maybe a little bit in there on the gypsum piece. We've kind – I've kind of talked about that in a couple of discussions that the dynamics in that marketplace with regard to pricing and price increases has been a challenge for us. We definitely see, as you alluded to, an increasing gross margin level. There's the increase in EBITDA dollars on a year-over-year basis, which is great. But also, as the normalization in the commodity prices are seen, we see a leveling out or more of a return to normal for us; A, getting rid of the headwind; and, B, catching up on pricing. That's definitely a trend that we're seeing as we're getting into Q3 and one that we expect to see for the rest of the year.
Peter Jackson: So this quarter we didn't see anything specific in the geographic mix. We do see a strong trend with regard to the starter homes. We think that's a really positive part of the growth in the market right now in terms of that next leg of the stool if you will in the expansion to get us back to a more normalized build rate. So we think that's a component and what we're seeing in the discrepancy between the starts number and our number, we certainly in the markets we plan don't see share loss.
Peter Jackson: So sales growth for the full year, we haven't laid out – we have laid out the commodity impact, though, about 6% to 8%.
Peter Jackson: So yes, we had some timing on a couple of projects. Nothing fundamentally changed in our investment strategy. We are certainly seeing (00:48:06) to the plant build discussion. The hurdles on building some of these facilities is extending the time line on them.
Peter Jackson: The new facilities is mostly truss plants. The expansion is blended between the truss and the door facilities – door and milling facilities.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I mean, what we're struggling with at this point – and you can imagine, right? The purchase price has changed quite a bit for the lumber and building materials. So, to-date, we've seen a pretty substantial headwind from that inflation on our inventory and, to some degree, in our AR. So, as we look at that sort of receding as it has, we start to get a sense of normalizing kind of that bottom end of the range. It's – the adjusted EBITDA, we sort of laid out integrated (00:52:06) some expenses in that $15 million to $20 million range, working capital in that. Right now, we think it's about 10% of sales on the incremental sales. Cash interest in the $95 million to $100 million cash taxes in the $15 million to $20 million. Capital expenditures like as we mentioned came down a little. So you're kind of not that 1.5% range. That gets you to the lower end depending on where we ended up – we end up with the year-end EBITDA and the year-end working capital as a kind of true variables here from this point to the end of the year.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. In that core piece, yeah, that 9% to 10% is still – we feel pretty good about that barring the kind of the lumpy fluctuations, correct.
