M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Peter. And thank you, all, for allowing us to share with you our progress on our ongoing investments in the company's future. There's a lot to be excited about as we enter 2018. Housing demand appears strong and while material cost inflation continues to create short-term challenges, I see it as an advantage in the coming years. In addition, we will continue to leverage our core strength to grow the top-line and profits, as well as creating meaningful value for shareholders through our strategic growth priorities and operational excellence initiatives. We've laid out a plan to double EBITDA and generate over $1 billion in net cash flow and are excited about the prospects the future holds. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
M. Chad Crow: It's been an incredible run, a year, a year-and-a-half of really unprecedented inflation. I was looking at price charts a couple of weeks ago, and I really thought the line was going to go vertical and actually fall back over on itself. It was so absurd. But our best guess is in the next four to six weeks, you'll probably start to see some flattening out. And, I think, prices will stay at healthy levels all year. It's just the demand has been really strong. The weather has been strong. The fires late last year were creating some log shortages. And then, this time of the year in the winter with the colder weather, you do have transportation issues primarily in the colder weather. Trains can only carry about half the rail cars they normally would. So, all these things are just adding up to a lot of demand and a lot of pressure on price. But, all in all, as we've said many times, high lumber prices is great for business. I think you will see things start to flatten out through March and into April. So, that's kind of what we're counting on, maybe a little more pressure in the near-term. Back half of the year, hopefully, a little bit of relief.
M. Chad Crow: If – I'll jump in if you don't mind. If you assume lumber prices stay where they are today, yeah, there's probably a little bit of conservatism in there, but we all know that's not going to happen. Lumber prices never stay stable for a four- or five-year period. But assuming they did, yes, you're correct.
M. Chad Crow: No. There really hasn't been any change in the pricing structure that we have with the national builders thus far.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. The main buckets we're looking at is pricing and margin optimization, delivery optimization, and then back-office automation and efficiencies there. And we've laid out a number. At the maturity down the road, we're probably looking at incremental annual savings of somewhere in the $50 million to $60 million range. And those are broken out about a third, a third, a third in each of those buckets I just gave you.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we'll get a little bit of benefit this year. I would estimate full maturity on some of these initiatives is probably three to four years out.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. We're not in a hurry. We've got a lot to say grace over right now and a lot of things we're looking at internally that, I think, can drive some real value. But when we acquired ProBuild and took on the leverage, we knew we would have two or three years of being kind of out of the M&A market and we're sticking to that plan. I think by the end of 2018, as you said, we will have kind of gotten to the promised land from a leverage standpoint. So, later this year, maybe we start entertaining things. But as I said, we're really in no hurry right now.
M. Chad Crow: Yes. We've talked about that in prior quarters. I really think the governor on (33:18) all that is going to be the availability of labor. And so, I think you're going to start seeing some benefit on the rebuild going on in Houston and Florida over the next year or two, but I really think the availability of labor is going to limit how much that growth can really be in those markets. So, overall, it's an absolute positive over the coming years. But, I think, it's just going to bleed in slowly over the next year or two.
M. Chad Crow: Well, we're guiding to 3% growth in full-year 2018. We did have a little bit stronger Q4 in R&R. But keep in mind, a lot of our R&R business is up in Alaska, and that's going to be a little bit sluggish up in Alaska, we think, in 2018, again.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. And so, we've got – we opened four new plants in 2017. Right now, we have scheduled to open three new truss plants in 2018. And then some of the efficiency gains are also in upgrading the existing plants, putting in automated lines, overhead laser projection. When you do all those things to a plant, you can add anywhere from 20%, 30%, 35% efficiency to those plants. So combined, there's a lot to get excited about in growing the value-added side of the business.
M. Chad Crow: And there's – it's a good trade up. There's a little bit of cannibalization when you convert a builder for example from stick framing to trusses, but that's a trade we'll take all day long because it's a much higher margin for us.
M. Chad Crow: Thank you for joining our call today. We look forward to updating you on the progress of our initiatives in the quarter ahead. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Jen Pasquino or Peter Jackson. Thank you.
Peter Jackson: Sure. We want to break down the revenue. We're talking about high-single digits for a single family, about 3% for the R&R space, and then probably similar downturn that we saw in 2017 and 2018 for the multi-family. We're looking at the numbers around commodity inflation based on what we're seeing right now, kind of in that 4% to 6% range. And then based on the growth that we're seeing in the relative space, in other words, the rapid growth in the manufacturing products space, we think that that is all going to pan out to that 12% to 15% range, not including, of course, the incremental investments we're making in some of our operational excellence initiatives.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, okay, I'll answer those in inverse order. The CapEx number of about 1.7%, we had a little bit of timing at the end of 2017 with a couple of projects that rolled over into 2018. So, we're sort of feeling like we're still in the band for that period. With the change in the tax code and us continuing to look at growth opportunities over the upcoming years, we'll update you if we change it but right now, we're staying in that 1% to 1.5% band. As far as the comparisons year-on-year for the investments, we had about an incremental $2.5 million in the fourth quarter related to our investments in locations and salespeople primarily, for about $10 million year-over-year. And then for next year, we've got another $10 million that's going to be broken up new locations, additional salespeople, we won't lap the full load of those incremental salespeople until, probably the end of Q1, so in Q2. And then OpEx investments represent the rest. So operational excellence items that where we're spending money on teams and some help on that area.
Peter Jackson: For 2018, we see that as incremental but we think that starts to put us in a healthy space for the investments that we want to make.
Peter Jackson: Well, the incremental working capital is pretty well within our range. We consistently talk about 9% to 10%. There's clearly a headwind in that number associated with the inflation, right? The same sticks of lumber are worth a bit more and we are a seasonal user. So, just to remind everybody we're going to build up inventory in Q1 and Q2, and then burn that inventory off in the back half of the year. That's pretty consistent with what we've done in the past. I think that hits on your main points.
Peter Jackson: So, a couple of points. I guess the point on inflation, fair, like Chad mentioned, as things stabilize, we'll start to feather that in as it makes sense. We have not. We've left a static commodity number in our forecast. Those other items though were included. We did have the expanding sales force as an initiative, the additional value-add as initiatives. And we continue to include the benefit from the operational excellence initiatives as well. We try to break that out on slide 9 in the presentation to give everybody a better feel. But those were the items that we've been counting on as our strategic plan since we rolled this out. So, that's not new.
Peter Jackson: Well, I'll let Chad talk to some of the specifics. He's got some exciting commentary about the individual things we're doing. I think broadly, we do have these feathering in as they come online. As you know, opening the doors doesn't equate to full production and full profitability. But, yes, absolutely, these are coming online, we'll get to that one year breakeven amount, and then they start contributing back, right? So, that means some of the things we did in 2017 are the things that are going to really move the needle in 2018 and on a go-forward basis. Rule of thumb, particularly on the manufacturing, the truss plants, $5 million to $7 million cost, $15 million to $20 million a year in revenue. So, you're generating EBITDA of about $2.5 million a year once they're up and running. Like you said, very nice for us, a nice contribution, but they're going to feather in over time.
Peter Jackson: Well for 2018, what's included is the benefit of those value add product growth components. That's the biggest contributor. In the near-term, the effect of the investment and the effort of the team is going to be pretty modest on the bottom line. There is some benefit there but it's a lot offset in in the raw numbers. As we get into the out years as Chad was referring to that's where we start to see the outsized benefit of the operational excellence initiatives. The value add stuff, that's more of a cumulative snowball type of fact.
Peter Jackson: I think it's a solid place to start. There is consistent share growth year in year out, although, with the offsetting impact of cannibalization is probably fairly modest. What I was talking about in the out years is really around the operational excellence initiatives.
