Dave Flitman: Thank you, Peter. In summary, the homebuilding industry is resilient, underbuilt, and we believe will continue to grow in 2022. As a result of the hard work of our team members every day, our company's momentum remains strong. We are leveraging our industry-leading platform to grow and sustain our profitability and will continue to benefit from our robust record free cash flow generation. We are poised to transform the homebuilding industry through our investments in value-added products and services and expanding our digital offerings. Our M&A pipeline remains strong and attractive, and we have the balance sheet to continue to execute on this important pillar of our strategy. We will remain disciplined in doing so. We are committed to a balanced approach to capital deployment and in our most recent $1 billion Committed to a balanced approach to capital deployment, and our most recent $1 billion share repurchase authorization is another indication of this commitment. We have a very clear and simple business strategy that our team is fully committed to implementing, and I've never been more excited about our potential in our future. Britney, let’s please open the call for questions.
Dave Flitman: Sure. Great question, Matt. We outlined a lot of this at our Investor Day, but as we anticipated and communicated in the Investor Day, we do anticipate the next year to 18 months to be heavily development-focused. So to your point, we are taking Estimate, Omni for homebuilders and building this transactional capability that we spoke about. Importantly, in terms of milestones, again, we're going to be headed down this year, pouring in a lot of energy around development. And I think, we spoke about one pilot that we have going on in South Carolina. There are several other pilots that we have going on testing various theories of our case and how we might put this platform together. And I just would expect that we will continue the share progress as we learn through those and certainly as we work towards the commercialization of the platform through the course of time.
Dave Flitman: Yes, I would - this is Dave. I don't expect any change in our approach to capital allocation. We always have said and stated publicly that our first priority is to invest and grow organically inside our company. And as Peter just highlighted for you, we have great opportunities and have been doing that. Secondly, is finding the right accretive M&A to do and appoint for our $1.2 billion of spend in that area last year. And finally, where we have excess cash, we will return it to our shareholders. So, I don't expect any near-term shift in what we said are our priorities.
Dave Flitman: Yes. I would just say that every one of the acquisitions that we did last year, we were excited about the day we announced them, and we're even more excited about them once we've got through the integration. Our most recent one, National Lumber, we've got a great team up there. Again, that's an area where we didn't have a footprint. As you know, not a tremendous region for starters, but they have an increased mix of R&R business and are the market leader across those three states. So consistent with how we've approached those acquisitions in times past, we're looking to augment our capability and our mix through value-added R&R and strengthen our footprint either in geographies where we do have a presence and are underrepresented in some of the value-added portions of the business or go in with scale into a market where we haven't been like you just saw us do in National - with National. And also s you saw us do with Alliance last summer in Arizona.
Dave Flitman: Yes. I mean, we've seen continued trends consistent with what we've talked about as recently as Investor Day. Those labor challenges and supply chain challenges have not abated. There might be pockets of improvement in some product areas but, broadly, is still challenged. I think that's consistent with what you've heard on a recent homebuilder commentary. And again, our value-added component adoption in particular, is strong. We've been driving that trend for a number of years, and we've just continued to see that accelerate really broadly across all of our geographies as our customers have gotten more comfortable with the offerings, importantly, continue to fight those labor challenges, which we believe are going to persist for a long time to come. So, we see strong tailwind both in terms of demand as well as the adoption of the value-added portions of our business.
Dave Flitman: Well, I think as you point out, Adam, I mean, we saw cycle times extend really going back to early days of the pandemic, given the ramp up in the demand and the supply chain challenges, which kind of overlaid with that. We really haven't seen that abate significantly through the course of time here. And importantly, I think, even if we were going to see some improvement on the supply chain side, what happened when Omicron hit was we saw a lot of our suppliers face those challenges late last year, and in particular in January of this year. And we're just unable really to catch up on the backlog. So, we really haven't seen any abatement of the supply chain challenges broadly. Like I said earlier, maybe a few pockets of improvement, but things are kind of status quo on that front from our view.
Dave Flitman: That was overall across our business. But importantly, we're talking about kind of organic volume growth across the company here in the first couple of months.
Dave Flitman: And just my comments earlier weren't aimed at any particular product category. We have seen a little abatement in a few. I might mention interior doors, but exteriors are still very tight, so it really varies. Windows might be incrementally better on lead times than they were six months ago, but they're still double-digit weeks kind of lead time. So, that's my point. Incremental improvement but not any major relief broadly across the supply chain, Steven, is what I point to.
Dave Flitman: Yes. I would say obviously we've been talking about affordability challenges for quite some time. I would characterize our confidence around two things. First of all, a lot of in-depth conversations with our customers and suppliers as we've talked about the strength of the backlog, which I commented on. And importantly, two underlying fundamentals here that are probably much different than in times past. First is just the demand strength that we've seen over the last several years. We're talking about millennials who's driving the home buying, particularly the first time buyer or this first time step-up buyer. That dynamic has not changed. And secondly and importantly, and we've talked about this at length, the huge overbuilding that's occurred in this industry over the last decade and overlaid with that strong demand. We have a lot of confidence that that will continue to drive growth not only this year, but for a long time to come. At some point, the interest rates could become a factor. We're certainly not hearing that at current levels from our customers today.
Dave Flitman: Yes. So, on the base business side, it's consistent, right, with the overall growth. You're right about the costs getting more difficult, right? And we had a pretty nice stretch there of solid double-digit percentage growth. We think that will slow this year, obviously. But I think as you look at the actions being taken in the market, we hope to see or we expect to see incremental, as Dave mentioned, over time, relief on supply chain side. And we think that’ll roll out of the market to continue to accelerate. Again, that demand, for a variety of reasons, we think is very, very healthy. So there's room for growth, both from orders already taken but we think from customers eager to get in as well.
Dave Flitman: I think it's more of the latter. We saw growth all year. We'll need to continue to see incremental as the year goes on. We think that will be supported with that relief on the supply chain side.
Dave Flitman: So, well, a couple of comments. First of all, you're right. It was pretty dynamic, right? We had talked openly about how we felt like it was important to use $400 as our long-term average We're at about the 10-year average for commodity prices. And I think it's fair to say that I took a little grief over putting that number out there, but we kind of saw that number in September. So, a lot of volatility last year to go to 1,600 to 400 million back to 1,300 plus right now. A lot of that flow through in terms of volatility in the fourth quarter. The fall and when the products came through, then the run, and when we started to see the impacts on working capital in sales, that’s a big piece. Those are always tricky to guide you on and to give you some good tools. It's the turn that's always the most difficult part model, as you know. What we expect to happen is sort of consistent and then we will continue to focus on passing through cost pricing on replacement, staying disciplined about what we have availability on and being careful to support customers and be clear and candid with them about what they can get and what they can't and why but are disciplined around pricing, around inventory purchases and around inventory management. And on the ground days, it continues and we will continue to invest in it over time. I think that to reiterate something that maybe I - maybe you heard me say in the past, we do think there is a moderation on the amount of gross margin tailwind and headwind versus who we have been in past the year. We think as prices inflate and deflate as they do in commodities, we are seeing less of an expansion and contraction in our gross margins than we have historically.
Dave Flitman: The only thing I'd add is that national joins a freely group of R&R businesses within the Builders FirstSource family already, TWParry, the Dixieline business, Pinar's business. We certainly have R&R exposure around the country. So really, we're to be able to learn from each other, right, share best practices, look for ways to grow and continue to make that an important part of our growth now.
Dave Flitman: Yes. The end of your second question, first, certainly a combination of all of them. On page five, you can see our base business product mix that you should think about in light of that 27%. And over time, that number associated with value-added product mix continues to increase. Certainly, we do well with specialty products as well, but that increase in value-added business the incremental margin that we're able to see in that part of the business because of the incremental value we're providing customers, that combines for us to give us confidence. But you're right. We are working on productivity. There are initiatives within our manufacturing facilities, discipline in pricing management, operations management, all the synergies we've seen from the combination of the businesses we purchased and, just in general, that growth of the business and improved leverage from our improved scale. So it is a combination, but that's a really positive thing, we think, for us being able to get more and more comfortable with that 27% plus normalized gross margin number on base business.
Dave Flitman: Yes. We are gaining share. Just to add to Peter's comment there, I would point not to the quarterly data, but if you look more broadly on what we did in 2021 with that 28% in single-family core organic growth versus roughly half that in terms of starts, I think that's a good judge. It gives us confidence that we are taking share in particular with the value-added components in millwork, which we're really pushing hard with our customers. So, we're seeing great adoption there as Peter commented earlier.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Thanks, Matt. That's a great question. I think you hit the nail on the head with your initial comments. The focus is really around value add. And what you're seeing here is that the same fleet size of the company having grown substantially as well as the acceleration we're trying to invest in. So this is new facilities. We have a number of those and we'll continue to talk about them. This is new lines within existing facilities. It's new equipment within existing lines, in existing facilities, and as well as the maintenance and the core of the operation rights. We're talking about fleet and force and all the different markets and things that we would need throughout the business. A little bit of inflation in there, but the bulk of it is core, the core maintenance and a substantial increase on that value add - value add side of the business. We're seeing a ton of demand. We're certainly seeing capacity particularly in hot markets be used up very, very quickly. And we're trying to make sure we stay on our front foot and stay aggressive given our cash flow and what we're able to do with it.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yes. I mean, to talk to the basics, we are expecting to continue to see good growth. You know we have to give you a commodity range in order to make the cash flow work. Right? It’s not a base business metric. Cash flow isn't leased. So we did give you a midpoint. Your guess is as good or better than mine in terms of what commodities will be. Our job is to make sure we continue to deliver on profitable business related to it. But the overall growth - you saw top line in the base business being a midpoint of 10% in line with what we did, too, in Investor Day. Again the EBITDA growing midpoint of that 15% in line with what we said on Investor Day. In that fall through, we think we'll continue to work in line with our discipline around working capital. And what we've seen is it's still a healthy market, while there is certainly a lack of availability and supply in certain key areas. We are managing both our air and inventory very well, and I think the balance of our working capital is still healthy, so that combination, along with the other components which we have here in terms of the inputs on the cash flow are pretty much in line with prior year. And we think that certainly supports our commentary around the strong cash flow that we have seen and we expect to continue to see from this business in the coming years and kind of circles back to that Investor Day commentaries. We think by 2025, we’re going to be deploying between $7 billion and $10 billion of cash, this is one installment of that cash.
Peter Jackson: Well, I mean, we've certainly seen strong margins over the last year. There has been a lot of work as we've described in the past that improving our management of price, we've seen a tremendous amount of movement on the cost side and trying to stay very disciplined in their pass-through disciplines around that as well. As you look at both 2021 and 2022, we do believe there was some improvement in price. We haven’t given the split historically. We probably won't do that for the foreseeable future, but certainly seeing both of those as being tailwinds for us in both 20221 and 2022.
Peter Jackson: Yes, Trey. This is Peter. So, my goal there was to give you guys a range of our outcomes. I think we all understand the volatility of some of that inputs this year. We've certainly got a few curveballs thrown at us already in 2022. I - what I will tell you as we build out our plans and look at the materials that the field is prepared in conjunction with their conversations with customers with our plans for new facilities, for productivity, for all the initiatives we're managing internally. We are really on that midpoint. That's where we think it'll be. Now, certainly, the potential for movements up and down and the supply chain availability movements up and down to starts that we think that will influence within supply chain is really the biggest limiting factor today. External factors, probably not as big of a deal, I don't think we're seeing a lot of risk associated with anything to do with what's going on in Europe and Ukraine right now. I think most of what we're looking at is the work around clearing those supply chain backlogs and continuing to get labor into job sites or at least into manufacturing facilities that need those job sites to make sure we're keeping the process flowing. But those are the big variables.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So geographically speaking, I think it's a little bit predictable. Where we're putting new capacity is where there is a lot of growth. The smile phase or the banana phase, whatever descriptor you choose, those southern and coastal stars-focused communities is where we're particularly strong and certainly seeing, over time, an increased adoption of that manufactured product offering whereas, historically, maybe it wasn't as concentrated as northern state. So a lot of focus definitely in value add. And in those states, I don't think there's much in the way of catch-up. Off at the top of my head, I can't think of anything that we've deferred at all. It's somewhat to do maybe catchup if you want to attribute it to supply chain and availability issues. We've seen a little bit of improved relief in some of those categories. Again, not as much as we'd like but, as Dave mentioned, incremental improvement.
Peter Jackson: So, we did exclude - well, because the business wasn't owned, we do not have anything included. We didn't go back into the prior periods and pull it out. It's actuals. To that end, what we purchased the component of the year is included, so you'll get the lapping effect of the 2022 or on 2022 for both of those.
Peter Jackson: They include closed acquisitions. Right? So, we, of course, are continuing as we described to pursue M&A opportunities, but we don't have any forecast in there in 2022 for what incremental ones, just what we've already closed as of year-end. So, including national, but nothing beyond that.
Peter Jackson: We don't break it out at that manufacture product level in terms of specific guide, but you're right. It is growing faster. I think that really what you're seeing now, Keith, is the next leg of the growth that we've been hoping for, and that's the expansion of the utilization of those manufactured products into markets that historically haven't adopted it. Some of the southern markets where you have not seen the adoption of manufactured products because there was a substantial amount of available framing labor, and it was relatively cheap. The nature of the speed of the recovery and how aggressive homebuilders are being trying to get homes built, trying to compensate for the extended build cycles is really, really common to fruit on the tree of manufactured products. We are seeing rapid growth there. We talk about manufacturing - or how value add was up 28%, high 20s across the board for 2021. Those are heady numbers, but we think we can continue to see growth. The challenge for us is we sort of harvested the second shift stop, now you're talking about really putting to work the numbers that we're investing in, that real new capacity. We feel good about it. We have a great track record of doing it, and we expect it will continue to grow those strong double digits definitely better than the rest of the business throughout 2022.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So, let me draw a distinction that that normalized is ignoring anything unusual or outside of the base business metric for commodity prices. So, just to say right, this is at normal banks at normal prices, we think we're at 27%. There is another layer that I'm sure you appreciate. I think we are seeing unusual margins based on the supply chain issues that we're experiencing right now. I don't want to give anybody the impression that 29%, 32% margins or the reduced margins if you exclude the commodity component and just look at phase that those are normal. We think we're in a bit of a displaced time right now. We think over time, things will refer back to a normalized gross margins of around 27% or better. Obviously, we're doing our best to manage that carefully, to improve our productivity, to add overall performance to those gross margin numbers. But we're trying to give people an insight that as we've seen that value add grow and as we've seen our business stabilize around the country, we feel very good about our ability to revalue for what we're providing and to partner with customers. And we think 27% gross margin is a better basis. We've certainly seen strong performance both in the fourth quarter and into Q1. I think that's been pretty consistent, even though we're laughing more difficult comps on the revenue line.
Peter Jackson: Well, it's early days and obviously, more color to come on that. We’ve got them for - right at two months. We got a company full of great people that have a very strong market position, and that's more an R&R market up there. So, what we are learning is the product portfolio that they have, the growth that they've developed consistently over time aimed at R&R. I’m sure there’ll be significant learnings for us that we can expand our thinking around, across the company through the course of time. But it's early days now. We've been working to get the teams aligned and make sure that the team was confident there that we weren't coming in to change anything significantly in the business, and get them in part of the family. And that's really the - it’s early days to draw in significant conclusions.
Peter Jackson: Well, obviously, that's the vision, and that's where we're going. It's early days, and as I mentioned, a lot of heavy development we're going into to develop the theory of that case, and we're going to do it in pieces through the course of time. And that's really what the different pilots are aimed at - or developing those statements with customers and iterating our design and our thinking as we need to. So, certainly have not changed the focus on where we're heading. And we'll share more about our progress here as we make it.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I would say think about it in the context right now of us building this platform to sell more of our products to our existing customers and look for ways to add new customers. We talked at Investor Day about - and in other conversations about playing to our strengths around design capability, our vision around the whole house design and embedding our products in there. I think it's way too premature to talk about what other products might look like. Certainly, you've heard me say out loud, we don't need to back or integrate into other product categories at the moment. That's certainly not part of the vision today. It's hunkering down, building out the capability that aligns with our strengths today and getting more of them into our model. So…
Peter Jackson: Yes. No, that was a great question, Ryan. And then you've heard me talk about this before, in any given quarter, it's extremely difficult to align starts with sales and market share. But what I think you're seeing here is kind of what we committed to or what we told you was going to happen in past quarters. There have been periods where our growth looked like share declined. This is a period where it looks like a pretty healthy share expansion. I think if you look at it over time, we are continuing to take share in modest increments as we continue to deliver a superior product and partner with our customers. What you saw in this period, if I take you down to another layer of granularity is some rebounding in some of those windows, stores, and millwork categories, for example, where the supply free up a little bit. And the timing of the builds started to move through those components. Obviously, the fourth quarter is a big push point for many of the homebuilders just for them to do their completions so that they can get credit for the homes sold. So that's a lot of, I think, what you're seeing. It's just hard to in any given quarter sort of conclude on the numbers that you're winning or gaining. I think of winning or losing. But I think over the medium and long-term trend, we certainly feel good about our market share gains.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think it's a little bit of both. And we are very excited about the combination here. And as you might have heard us say in the past, even where we overlap in some of the major markets, the product capabilities were very complementary. Builders was legacy, Builders was much stronger in components more broadly across the country. BMC had a really good core strength around millwork. So, it's given us a nice opportunity here to add to the breadth of our offering for our customers. And I think that's also playing into our growth. Our customers aren’t feeling the need to go elsewhere to get their product or their needs met because we've got such breadth and depth and capability across our portfolio. So - and then as we’ve commented here, we are seeing increased adoption in all the areas of value-add. And it takes time, particularly as we've talked about in the south and east which were legacy state-framing markets. It's taken us a number of years to consistently get our customers and the framers comfortable with moving towards the value-added portions of the business. But what we found is we found in other markets is once you reached that tipping point, the adoption rates accelerate. That's certainly been what we've experienced.
