Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter of 2017 earnings call. I will start with a brief update on our third quarter results and then turn the call over to Chad who will provide an update on our execution against our 2017 priorities, as well as our longer-term growth initiatives. Finally, Peter will discuss our financial results in more detail. After our closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Let's start on page 4. Our sales for the quarter were $1.9 billion. We had one fewer sales day in the third quarter of 2017 over the third quarter of 2016. Therefore, we'll discuss the sales per day growth in the quarter. We're very pleased that our sales per day in the quarter, excluding closed locations, grew 9.5% over 2016, and was benefited by approximately 6.9% as a result of the impact of commodity price inflation on our sales. Sales volume per day, excluding closed locations, grew approximately 4.7% in the new residential homebuilding end market and approximately 1.7% in the repair and remodel end market. Excluding Alaska, whose economy continues to be impacted by oil prices and drilling slowdown, our R&R growth in the lower 48 was up 4%. Hurricanes Harvey and Irma took their toll on Houston, Florida, and the Southeast region of the United States, where about 13% of our annual sales are concentrated. Thanks to our hardworking associates, we relatively quickly returned to full operation with only minimal physical damage to our locations. However, given that many of our stores in these regions were closed for several days during and after the storm, sales in the quarter were affected. And we estimate the storms impacted the company's sales by $18 million to $20 million and EBITDA by approximately $4 million. Now turning to slide 5, in the quarter, we continued to experience rapidly rising commodity prices. Framing lumber and sheet good prices increased 21.4% and 43.1% since 2016 year-end respectively, most of which occurred in Q3. Higher lumber prices are contributing to our sales. However, rapid price fluctuations caused some short-term growth profit margin compression. However, higher prices are good for our business in the long run. I'm pleased to report that our investments in manufacturing capacity are continuing to pay off with 8.4% growth of sales in manufactured products in the quarter faster than the volume growth in the single-family end market. Moving on to page 6 with an overview of the macro housing markets, the outlook for new residential housing market continues to be bright. We've reached approximately 1.2 million annual starts, with approximately 835,000 of those being single-family starts. This remains about 25% below the historic average, just growing now to levels we have historically seen in recessionary troughs. As a reminder, we are lapping strong single-family starts growth in the fourth quarter of 2016 of approximately 13% and are estimating mid-single-digit growth in the single family homebuilding market for the balance of 2017, bringing the full-year 2017 growth in the mid-to-high single-digit range. We believe there are still multiple years of growth ahead of us and are very confident in the continued strength of the housing market. I'll now turn it over to Chad who will discuss our 2017 priorities and our look at future growth.
Floyd F. Sherman: Our guys did an incredible job of bouncing back in both those areas that were impacted by the hurricanes, Nishu. I would say we're back to levels of where we were pre-hurricane. Obviously, we were shut down for probably on average about six days. And then, it was a little slow for a week or two after that, but so far it looks like we've returned to normal business levels.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think it'll definitely be a net positive for us. I think we'll probably start seeing it in 2018. As you know, it will take a while for folks to get their insurance money. And in these markets, as there are in many markets, there's still the issue of labor shortages. But I do think we'll start seeing some bounce in 2018 and no doubt over the next couple of years, it will be a net positive for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: But when you make the adjustment for Alaska, that brings our R&R in the rest of the 48 states in which we operate back to about a 4% increase.
Floyd F. Sherman: Well, and in addition to the Window plant in Houston, we have a very, very large millwork presence in Houston. That was really impacted by the hurricane. We, unfortunately, got caught in a real high water area. And so we lost considerable days in the Houston millwork operation. And that was also true in Florida, our millwork operations were really impacted. It took a while to get back. As you know, in Florida, the main issue we faced was a loss of power. But as Chad said earlier, we're now back running full steam. We're back on normal track and things looked very good in October from my point of view.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. Thank you. I feel very, very excited about the future that we have before us for this company. I'm very excited about what Chad, Peter, the rest of the team are going to be producing in the years ahead, and I can tell you since I am a shareholder and will remain a shareholder, I'm going to be really looking closely to make sure that we deliver on the promise that I know that's in front of us. And I'd like to thank all of you for joining the call today. And since this will be my last earnings call before handing in over the reign to Chad, I'd like to express my sincere appreciation to all of the investing community who have supported us throughout the years. In addition, I'd like to extend my appreciation to all of our associates who've helped us build a great organization, and I'm very pleased with what we have built and look forward to seeing the progress over the coming years. And thank you and have a great finish to the week.
M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Floyd. Good morning. Starting on page 7, I would like to share our progress against our 2017 priorities, including our increased focus on profitable market share expansion and improved operational efficiencies. We are still making significant new investments to drive our growth initiatives, including 110 net additional sales associates year-to-date. We are committed to these investments that will drive long-term results and plan to continue our sales force expansion initiatives. There remains significant opportunities to increase the reach and penetration of our higher-margin value-added products. Year-to-date, we have opened three new truss plants with plans to open additional locations later this year and into next. The demand for these products will continue to rise as homebuilders look for ways to build homes more efficiently, especially with the well-publicized labor shortages and extended lead times. We are also increasing our focus on implementing best practices across the organization in order to drive incremental operational efficiencies. Our logistics and back office automation initiatives are underway in our existing infrastructure, customer connectivity, and logistical capabilities should make these particularly rewarding investments. Our continued focus on cash generation will allow us to fund these initiatives as well as continue to deleverage the balance sheet. We generated $41 million of cash in the quarter, which is in line with our 2017 guidance of generating $145 million to $155 million of free cash flow and reducing our leverage ratio to 4 times by yearend. Finally, we are only as strong as our people and we are committed to continuing to attract, train and retain the best associates in the industry and develop our future leaders. Moving to page 8, we continue to build out our plans to accelerate growth and further expand profitability with the primary focus on creating long-term shareholder value. We believe that as the housing market returns to historical averages over the next four to six years, along with our focus on operational excellence and growing our value-added product categories, it will enable us to double 2016 EBITDA and cash flow, generate approximately $1 billion in cash over that time period and result in an EPS between $2 and $2.50. We have a strong platform that is well positioned to take advantage of accelerating growth and improved market conditions. On top of that, we are executing initiatives intended to expand profit margins and cash flow. We plan to continue to leverage our national manufacturing footprint and differentiated capabilities to grow our higher margin value-added products faster than the market over the next several years. In addition to growing our value-added products, we see opportunities to increasingly leverage our strength, including unparalleled size, geographic footprint and end market exposure to grow and capture market share. This growth model, coupled with unlocking the opportunities we have identified with our operational excellence initiatives such as distribution and logistics, pricing and margin management, back office efficiencies and system enhancements, provides opportunities for us to meaningfully accelerate profit growth. As a result of our focus on growth and operational efficiencies, we believe we have a realistic approach that creates cash generation and reinvestment opportunities. Our balanced approach to growth investments and ongoing debt reduction is designed to allow us to increase investment in organic and acquisitive growth, while achieving and maintaining our long-term leverage target of 2.5 times to 3.5 times EBITDA. Before I turn the call over to Peter, I would like to make a few comments related to the executive transition we announced in August. As you are aware, Floyd Sherman will be stepping down as CEO at the end of the year. Over his 16-year tenure at Builders, Floyd was instrumental in building the platform and business we currently have, turning adversity into opportunity, and positioning the business to take advantage of the growth potential we have today. I would like to thank Floyd for his contributions to Builders FirstSource, and I am pleased that he will remain as an employee advisor to the company through March 2019 and will also remain on our board as we execute the company's growth strategy in the coming years. I will now turn the call over to Peter who will review the financial results in more detail.
M. Chad Crow: Thank you, Peter. I'm excited about the outlook for Builders FirstSource. We are continuing to leverage our scale and look for opportunities to grow the top line and profits. The new residential housing market continues to show strength, and we are continuing on the path of deleveraging our balance sheet, which we believe will give us flexibility to continue to fund our growth initiatives. We have laid out a plan to double EBITDA and cash flow and are excited about the prospects the future holds. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
M. Chad Crow: Well, I'll comment on the sales force growth. We're going to keep pushing that initiative. We think it's very important to recruit new people into our industry. It is an aging workforce, and we're going to push hard over the next couple years to develop the bench strength we need. And so we have no intentions of tapping the brakes on recruiting and training sales force, and that's probably the bulk of the cost that you're seeing as far as an investment standpoint. And then as Peter mentioned, the other large piece is the opening of new manufacturing facilities which we're obviously going to keep doing as well. So, I guess, the short answer to your question is no, not necessarily new opportunities that we've seen in the last few months. This was something we had planned for the year and this is something we're going to keep doing.
M. Chad Crow: I'll jump in, and Floyd may want to add on, but I would say from the framing lumber standpoint, it feels pretty solid. I think, we're going to see prices hold pretty much where they are right now. I think, OSB and panels probably have some slack in it. They're pretty elevated and you may see a pullback on those. That's typically the most volatile of our commodity product categories as the OSB. But generally speaking, I think, we'll see some healthy lumber prices for most of 2018.
M. Chad Crow: I think, in general, we'll probably – and we've already started discussions with suppliers. We'll probably see price increases next year on most of those product categories you mentioned in the 2% to 3% range.
M. Chad Crow: It feels like the demand next year is still going to be strong. We still feel good about kind of that high single-digit growth in single-family. I think, it's going to be another rough year in multi-family. You're probably looking to multi-family down another 5% to 10% year-over-year, and I think R&R will be fairly steady, 3%, 4% growth. Labor will still be tight. Somehow, we've figured out ways to build more houses every year, So slowly we're figuring out the labor problem should play well into the – sort of, truss and panel side of the business next year as it has been. So, we feel good about it. We really haven't come off our forecast of kind of that high single-digit growth in single-family over the next few years.
M. Chad Crow: Yeah. That's a tough question, Jay. I don't know that we have the answer on what's kind of the trigger point on oil prices. I would think there would be some sort of lag. As you know, it takes a little bit of time to get the drilling activities ramped up again. But I don't have a good answer for you on that one. Sorry.
M. Chad Crow: I'll attack your second part first and then let Peter address the first one. Year-to-date we're at about, I think it's about $6 million that we've invested in the sales force. Year-to-date it's about $5 million that we've invested in the sales force. So far, those guys in general are covering about half of their commission cost. So with some of them haven't been here all that long, we feel pretty good about that. So overall I think those guys are probably – well, they're certainly north of $150 million in sales they've generated, but 110 net new associates we feel pretty good about. And we certainly think it's worth the investment when you're looking out three, four years in the future of our business.
M. Chad Crow: And I'll just add, the window plant being shut down in Houston was a decent drag on our Window category in the quarter as well, which is one of higher margin.
M. Chad Crow: Well, this year we've opened three new truss plants, and we've got three more slated for the back half of this year and into next year, obviously still working on some budgeting for next year. And also we've invested in some of the equipment in those truss plants and other truss plants as well to increase the productivity and the efficiencies. So that's always been our focus, and we will continue to focus on the manufacturing side of the business. So, no, I would say over the next few years, you're probably looking at something similar, three to four new plants a year
Peter Jackson: Well, I think, you have increases on both sides. You see the increases from the labor shortages and the inflation on the labor side, as well as the inflation on the lumber side. I think it's a pretty balanced impact net-net. The overall desire of homebuilders to be more efficient, we think, outweighs it in the long run.
Peter Jackson: Sure. Yeah. So, this year, we've got about $7.5 million in total in the investments we've made in those growth areas, about almost $3 million in the third quarter of incremental year-on-year investment. Again, focused in those two areas of salespeople and value-added facility expansion, so the additional facilities that we've added. We feel like the progress has been very solid, very positive, and we're making progress in both those areas.
Peter Jackson: Just from a timing perspective it ramped up in earnest at the beginning of the third quarter last year, so you're seeing the lapping of that ramp up to the full load.
Peter Jackson: Well, I think as we look at the commodity movements always volatile, difficult to forecast, but based on where we are today I think we feel confident going into Q1 and Q2 we're going to see a nice recovery back to where we think are far more normal gross margin levels. Although it takes a little while to get fully back, but I think in that Q1, Q2 range we're feeling very good. We'd love higher commodity prices in the long run.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So, we saw in the third quarter, on a sales per day, about 4.7% growth in single-family, down about almost 13% in multi-family, R&R about 1.7% up (34: 47) Alaska.
Peter Jackson: And then back on SG&A. We do anticipate seeing improved SG&A performance versus prior year and versus Q3. So our comp will continue to get better as we continue to leverage really the cost that we have in our fixed pool.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. So I would say generally we have seen positive leverage. We will continue to see positive leverage. Some of the benefits we've seen is related to the commodity price. That's mathematically true, but we also anticipate in the long run to see leverage from our incremental sales at a roughly 70% rate. So we do expect to see – it's about 70% variable on SG&A. So we expect to see leverage there. And part of our long-term strategy as we drive the business forward is really focused around operational initiatives to help us increase efficiency and improve that leverage over time. So, yes.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. We're not ready to break down those components for you yet. We're at the point right now of working through the specific initiatives that are going to drive the key points here. We've got some models internally, but over the next few quarters, we'll start giving you more details about what we're thinking we're going to work towards. We could talk a little bit more about some of the initiatives we've got going but not ready to break down those components yet.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. I mean, the major items that you'll see in the numbers is with the growth being so quick on the lumber side, there's a mix component, the Lumber & Sheet Goods side. So that's a important part. We've also talked a little bit about the impact of the less sales per day, so that was a slight headwind; the hurricanes, obviously, another headwind; and the investments we made, we think were important investments in terms of the growth of the business on a go-forward basis. Those are those two main things we've talked about in terms of expanding the sales force and expanding our value-added footprint.
Peter Jackson: Yeah. Floyd's comments really underscore the business' ability to overcome those unexpected events and really show both sales growth and profit growth in a very disruptive quarter.
Peter Jackson: Well, over time, the improved profitability of manufactured components will absolutely improve our mix over time. We see a significant margin trade-up on any movement towards manufactured products, absolutely.
Peter Jackson: We're pretty well rolled out of that this quarter. There is a modest decline in the future, but we're through the bulk of it now.
Peter Jackson: As an internal rule of thumb, that's generally what we use. Obviously, that's modified by significant initiatives and investments, but, yeah, as an operating rule of thumb.
Peter Jackson: Well, certainly, the manufacturing facilities do have a higher component of COGS, but you also have incremental SG&A with that when it comes to the management and drivers and the delivery cost of those facilities are down in SG&A.
Peter Jackson: Year-to-date, I think it's about $2 million to $3 million, so probably $3 million to $4 million on an annual basis.
Trey H. Grooms: First off, I want to congratulate you, Floyd, on your retirement, it's been great working with you over the years and we wish you the best.
Trey H. Grooms: Thank you. Okay. I'll move on to questions. So I guess, first, I know lumbers, there's been a lot of attention there but just with the folks that you guys talk to, I mean, you've got your finger on the pulse of what's going on in the lumber industry as well as anybody, but also understanding that things happen and things move around, but just from where you sit today, what are your expectations as we kind of look into the next several months as it relates to lumber prices? Understanding, I mean, you don't have the crystal ball, but, you do – and as I said, you guys usually have as good a feel as anybody.
Trey H. Grooms: Okay. Thanks. Thanks for that. Appreciate it. And then also just kind of outside of lumber, as we're moving into next year, I know a lot of folks out there, manufacturers, are seeing inflation on their raws as well. And just – and there's price increases in the market and that sort of thing. But just outside of lumber, if you could just give us any thoughts around your expectations around the other things that you guys are providing to your customers, window and doors, drywall, et cetera. Just any color on directionally how we should be thinking about that.
Trey H. Grooms: 2% to 3%. Okay. Great. And then lastly, I guess – and this is kind of, I guess, a little bit bigger picture, but – and maybe it's a little premature as well, but just with the discussions you're having with your customers kind of looking into next spring, and again, I know it's early, but just any initial thoughts or conversations you guys are having with the builders and your customers in the new res market this year and kind of looking into next year rather. And then the moving pieces there, specifically new single-family versus multi and then starter home versus move-ups, and how labor is ultimately playing a role, just any high-level color you could give us around some of those conversations and how they're going.
