Chad Crow: Thank you, Binit. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I will start on Slide 3. I'm very pleased to share with you another outstanding quarter of execution and results delivered by the 15,000 team members of Builders FirstSource. During the second quarter of 2019, we made significant progress in the execution of our strategic plan and again delivered above market growth, expanded margins, and exceptional free cash flow generation. We continued our strategic investments in market leading value added products and solutions while realizing the gross margin and customer value benefits from these investments made over the last several years. Our operational excellence initiatives also continued to gain momentum and are delivering measurable results, and of course, our strong cash flow and working capital management continue to underpin our investments while at the same time enabling the reduction of our ratio of net financial debt to adjusted EBITDA to 2.7 times at the end of the quarter Our second quarter results and performance built on a strong starts in 2019 providing momentum as we enter the strength of the selling season. In the first half of 2019, we grew our estimated sales volume excluding commodity deflation by more than 4% well above overall housing starts, which actually declined during the period. In the first 6 months of the year, net sales declined by 7% as sales volume growth was offset by commodity price deflation of more than 10%. Consistent with our strategic plan value added products led the growth increasing and estimated sales volume by 7% in the first half, as we continue to realize the benefits of our investments. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 11% compared to the first half of last year, as our team delivered on our objectives, demonstrating strong margin management and overall execution. Our operational excellence initiatives are gaining momentum and remain on track. As mentioned on previous calls, our primary initiatives consist of specific action plans underway in four key areas; enhanced business analytics, pricing management tools, our My BFS Builder customer portal and delivery optimization technology. During the first half, we completed the rollout of our delivery optimization system to approximately 200 locations, measurably improving the speed, uptime and reliability of our distribution network and continue to realize the benefits of our pricing tool implementation as well. We continue to expect a benefit between $14 million and $16 million to our EBITDA in 2019 from these initiatives. As our customers continue to face increased labor cost and scarcity, they increasingly look to partner with us for solutions. Our market leading manufacturing in value added capacity and capabilities have positioned as well to meet this growing opportunity. In July of 2019, we purchased three manufacturing facilities in Arizona and Nevada, expanding our presence to 40 states and 77 of the top 100 MSAs. During the balance of 2019, we also have plans to add three new truss plants, approximately eight new truss lines in existing plants as well as door facility expansions and new machinery and a dozen more of our value added operations. Our industry leading production capacity, sales force and distribution networks are key to our competitive advantage. And we will continue to invest in expanding our leading position. Later in the call, I will talk more about the competitive advantage that we are further leveraging through a combination of our national scale, local management focus, and network market density. I'll now turn the call over to Peter, who will review our second quarter results in more detail.
Chad Crow: Yes, if don't believe we've said on prior calls. I look at a lot of these opportunities as a build versus buy decision. And at the right multiple, it makes more sense in my mind to go the M&A route, it gets you into the market quicker plus you're not adding capacity into a market which can be difficult and create some real pricing war. So, it'll be a balanced approach though, like I said, we're going to be -- we're going to be pretty busy. And it's got to make sense from a financial perspective and from a multiple perspective, but I like the fact that we have the flexibility to do either now, now that we've gotten our leverage ratio down, we can make those decisions and be, a little more opportunistic when it comes to grow in value as part of our business.
Chad Crow: Yes, I think a lot of it goes back to the multiyear investments in value added and components manufacturing them. I'm still a, my firm believer that that is not going to go away, the labor shortage is not going to go away, the cost of labor is not going to go away. And I think it's a trend that will continue and that's why we were focused on developing that part of our business and that's where we've seen some definite out growth when it comes to our volume for starts.
Chad Crow: Yes, I like the fact that it gets us into a couple of new MSAs and if we so choose to expand the product offering in those in MSAs. We do have facilities already north of north of Phoenix. So we now have the opportunity to serve the customers up there as well with truss and panel.
Chad Crow: Well, it's unfortunately a trend we've been talking about for a few quarters, it's just largely, where we do most of our R&R is in the upper Midwest, which is still being hit from the tariff issues. Alaska, which is still struggling with the lower oil prices and into a lesser degree on the West Coast is our three pockets of R&R and really the hardest hit has been the upper Midwest for us.
Chad Crow: Well, after the tariff moves yesterday maybe a little tougher to get there, but we are seeing some strengthening in Alaska and the West Coast is holding in well. So I'm optimistic we can see an overall improvement there, but again the real key is going to be the mood that on the tariff issue and how it's impacting the farmers in the upper Midwest.
Chad Crow: Yes. Yes, I would say in particular in the in the northeast, we're seeing some nice projects coming our way in the northeast part of the country.
Chad Crow: I would say if anything, our focus on pricing has increased over the course of the year, the more we The more we dig, the more I feel there's incremental opportunities there, regardless of what commodities are doing. Clearly, commodities, is the toughest, most competitive part of our business and it kind of is what it is. But two thirds of our business is not commodity related and I still feel like there's really nice opportunities there no matter what we have to deal with from a commodity inflation standpoint.
Chad Crow: And I think the homes are a little smaller. But I also believe that the demand, the home buyers demanding the smaller homes still want a nice home. So they still want nice doors, nice windows and so to a large degree, if you're just taking out a little bit of square footage, it could just be a little bit dollar framing packets, but you're still getting some nice sales and margin on a lot of the other pieces of them.
Chad Crow: It's obviously a seasonal business, so yes, during the peak of the selling season, you could see that.
Chad Crow: I think as far as the structural capacity is there, we would probably have to bring on some additional ship sin some of the points, if it really took off. I wouldn't see a large CapEx investment though I think that we got the capacity and the structure there. But labor, we had to get some more labor.
Chad Crow: Yes. And we started out the year really focusing on it because we knew deflation was going to be a headwind. And so the guys were really focused on that. And then, as we've already discussed, we're starting to see some of the operational excellence initiatives flow through largely on the warehouse and delivery side helping us manage those costs even better.
Chad Crow: Thank you, once again for joining our call today, and we certainly look forward to updating you on our, for the progress of our initiatives in November. And if you have any follow-up questions in the meantime, please don't hesitate to reach out to Binit or Peter. Thank you.
Peter Jackson: So, I'll let Chad comment more broadly, but specifically to some of the details, I think we do see share gains for the business. We mentioned that we have some particular strength on the east coast. I think we were also advantage of this by some of the markets that were most negatively impacted with starts being areas where we don't play a ton of big chunks California for example. But even in the markets where there has been some decay, we have still seen some sharp growth. And I think that Chad hit on a couple of the points as to why, I mean we are a reliable provider, we are a trusted partner for our home builder and customers, and we performed well. But more broadly, I would say that, that east of the Mississippi for us this year has definitely been going to strength where we've seen the biggest share gains and the biggest successes.
Peter Jackson: Sure, yes, as you can imagine, we spend a lot of time making sure we understand that. From our analysis, we would say more than 50% of is an direct result of both the decline in commodities and the -- in the period as well as compared to prior year, so there's sort of two components. One is last year at this time we were seeing pretty significant headwinds, obviously from the rapid inflation. So with that normalizing there's clearly a normal tail in there. In addition is as we pointed out there was a modest decline during the quarter in the value of commodities. So those components together leading to a little more than half of the total change, probably about 20% to 30% of the remainder of the total changes is attributable to mix and that goes to the investments that we've made and the sort of continued growth and our performance of the value at portion of the business. And the balance is really across the rest of the business, but with a focus on the work that we've done in operational excellence. So pricing discipline, special order margin, those areas of the business where we feel like we can refine our ability to manage price effectively is the bounce.
Peter Jackson: Yes, both of those. So, we've talked about in the past, people have frequently asked us what is normal. You guys talk about gross margin impacts due to commodity fluctuations, but what's at app our current and then based on the current prices, which is important part of the equation always but we think it's about 26. We were a little cautious as we bond throughout the year that to snap that line, because we wanted to see where things have settled. But as we work through the year, we think that's a good guide for everyone that based on current commodity prices, it's not 25 as normal in the fourth quarter and going forward we think normal is over 26.
Peter Jackson: It's pretty modest acquisition. I'm not sure that you're going to be able to decipher it out into details. Truss facilities we've talked quite a bit about what an incremental value would be provided by a truss facility and that will question about how we allocate capital. We feel pretty good about our ability to balance between debt pay down, stock repurchases and M&A. But I think it's fair to say that we're only buying when we think we're getting a good deal. We think it's a deal that makes sense for us. And, that $43 million represents a relatively modest investment for the three class, they're already up and running in a market where we haven't heard before.
Peter Jackson: Yes, that's a tough forecast. I mean, obviously, you're going to have correlation with starts. We've talked about that single-family starts over the long-term with the best indicator of our underlying demand-. We do think we're taking shares so obviously that's another component and this is part of our ability to do that, because we think the macro trend is coming towards Builders FirstSource as it pertains to our ability to invest in our skill set in that truss manufacturing. Or I would say that maybe the best answer to your question? We're going to continue to invest in this space, because we believe that the growth, there is always going to be better than starts.
Peter Jackson: And this is going to be better than starts. It's kind of tough to correlate, but I think that's the summary.
Peter Jackson: Yes, it does move and I think we can kind of talk about the fact that since the merger, when we were about 36% value add, were' up over 40% value add. So there's clearly a trajectory there that the footprint and the investment in capacity has enabled us to track with broader industry transition towards that type of off-site manufacturing. So we feel good about it, pretty tough to predict in any given period, what the growth rate is going to be, and what the impact on mixes. And candidly, it's almost impossible if you want me to forecast commodities because the problem with that 26% and with the value-add percentage is that is dependent on the value of commodities, because it will change our relative mix just from $1 perspective. So it's a little tough to extrapolate. I mean, I would say, if you're talking a 0.25 to a 0.5 point of growth on an ongoing basis, assuming that things continue to trajectory, that's probably a reasonable basis, unfortunately, as soon as a stable commodity price, which I wouldn't be foolish enough to promise you.
Peter Jackson: Yes, so with current level, it might be a little bit lower, but it's still in that, there to a 1000 basis points of trade up when you go from traditional stick to a trust manufacturing environment.
Peter Jackson: Yes, low single digit, throughout low single digits. We get some pretty momentum as of late, we feel good about the progress we've got coming. So that'll be a small growth area.
Peter Jackson: I would say for us we're seeing stabilization. We think our backlog looks pretty good, growing in some parts of the country. So we feel pretty good about it.
Peter Jackson: And just sort of recap some of the some of that price, the work that we're doing is really focused on discipline process, right? Is it this is in out to gouge the customer type of dynamic. This is a, how do we make sure we're updating our prices effectively. We're giving people tools to use so that they understand the cost benefit of the relationship with individual customers. It's just, I would say fundamentals that we can get and have been getting better at. So it is very, I would say long-term good practice that we think is going to help us regardless. And it's a great is a great project and a high priority.
Peter Jackson: We think it's pretty broad. Yes. I mean, we're our approach has been very market oriented. So market by market and we see it across the board. I mean, obviously commodities by very nature is more competitive, but we see it everywhere.
Peter Jackson: Services are a big part of it in installation services to customer stickiness, optimizing bringing packages on the design I inside as a service. So anytime, you can add more services to your offering, you're just that much more of a partner with the home builder, and as I said a minute ago, a much more much stickier relationship, much less likely to price you to save a nickel on a two by four. And so anything we can do to be that partner that the builder relies upon to help them build that house most efficiently, whether its products or services or some definitely we're focusing on.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So John, I wish I could tell you, yes. The short answer is I don't think we have a good rule of thumb for you. You see in the census information like we have, we've done some analysis internally. But it doesn't give us a sense that you can really forecast or predict the impact on volumes due to the size of the homes. Obviously, they'll have an impact, but we haven't seen a material change in volumes or what we sell yet, as a result of.
Peter Jackson: I mean, we've talked about, if you want to use a pointer to as a volume adjustment attributable to that, we don't think that sound reasonable, but it's tough to say that's the right number that we've got a lot of statistics for analytics to support that.
Peter Jackson: Yes, that's the other components, a little smaller than the commission's number. But those are the two big numbers that have changed, obviously, performance this year more broadly has been to a little bit of quicker rule on the timing of the bonus. Although I will say that some of the lapping that will do in the back half of the year will normalize that a bit.
Peter Jackson: No question. We picked up a ton of tailwind this quarter as a result of the deflation for the past couple of quarters, right? I mean, it's something that we already indicate more broadly, when people ask us long-term question about what would you do in the case of a downturn, right? This is a good example in a, maybe a false way because it's just value of commodities, but we generated a lot of cash when sales were down. And yes, I would say the math. We look at a little less than a couple $100 million that we would have had a tailwind on. This time a year, we're almost always increasing our leverage ratio. So it to drop, it's pretty remarkable and obviously 1.8 turns versus last year is indicative effect. As far as normal, I think we've been pretty committed to the idea of debt pay down and de-risking, but in that 2.5 to 3.5 range, we're not afraid. I would say to fall out of the bottom of that range, if it means we're building dry powder if we can't find those deals, but as we indicated, as we took action on this year, or this quarter, there are some good yields out there. And we will continue to snatch those up where we think it makes sense. And we're getting a good value for our money. I think we're in a bit of a sweet spot now. No question if the price of commodities runs back up, we will see growth in working capital as a result and definitely.
Peter Jackson: Yes, it's probably a little less than that maybe 175, but yes. That's a little bit back to where it was this time last year where it was pretty always.
Peter Jackson: Well, the investment of $43 million, then the acquisition price of the three plants plus the $30 million that you're referring to as or sort of rough guide on how much is the incremental CapEx is going to be attributable to grow in value add. I'm not sure I followed what you were asking.
Peter Jackson: In those specific facilities, we'll assess but I think that they're already in pretty good shape. They're already well automated from what we've seen. But we're looking for ways to improve them but not a significant source of incremental investment.
Peter Jackson: I would say, yes. Certainly, the offering of the component side of the business helped us gain share in many times, if you can get that business, a lot of the other products that go into the home will follow. I don't, I think we're taking share from Big and small competitors. There's definitely a market by market situation. But there's no doubt in my mind that enhancing our value add proposition creates additional opportunities to grow share. And as I talked about earlier, the customer stickiness barring a, just dramatic fall in housing, I don't think small ebbs and flows and housing demand is going to impact that that situation when it comes to components and our ability to take share.
Peter Jackson: The combined deflation for the full year is similar to what we saw on a second quarter. So that 10% of 13%.
Peter Jackson: Yes, I don't I don't have a handy have an estimate off the top my head. I would say high single digits, maybe double or write double lines probably in their 8 to 10.
Peter Jackson: Not for this year, it's pretty stable. But we are looking as we have promised to finish our ERP conversions by the end of this year. So, there'll be a pretty substantial reduction in that integration cost line coming into 2020. We'll likely shift a bit of that into operations because there's some interesting projects we've been looking at, but there's a pretty substantial portion of that will go away.
Peter Jackson: Exactly, it does assume a flat commodity environment, which we can talk about but that's kind of how we're thinking.
Peter Jackson: It'll be pretty well gone. By that point, we're looking at sort of bringing down inventory at that point. It'll be pretty well gone. We'll be looking at normal. The biggest impact in the fourth quarter that people will see is the lapping of last year's big deflation.
Peter Jackson: I said earlier, I liked the position we're in. We don't have to buy anybody. We can invest through just our normal CapEx. If we come kind pf across opportunities, that are a good value at good multiples. We can be opportunistic, we can pay down debt. So I like the flexibility. I like to position we're in. Short answer, yes, we're going to keep looking to expand our value add offering. But it's got to be an acquisition that makes sense. And this one we just did, obviously we built did make sense, but there could be some other smaller opportunities out there come our way.
Peter Jackson: I appreciate you pointing that out. That has been certainly a significant focus for the operation. You're absolutely right with the exception of some incremental commissions and some incremental bonuses. The team has done a really, really good job of disciplined spent management particularly when you think about the challenges and the overall hiring markets in the challenges and attracting retaining top talent. It is really good job by the team. Obviously, that does look great because the sales line has moved on us. But this, the SG&A dollar discipline has been quite exceptional by the team.
