Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you and welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings call. Joining me today from our management team is Chad Crow, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll start by giving a recap of the first quarter and then turn the call over to Chad, who will discuss our financial results in more detail. After my closing comments regarding our outlook, we'll take your questions. Sales for the first quarter of 2013 were $319.7 million, an increase of 45.7% when compared to prior year's first quarter sales of $219.4 million. In addition, we reported first quarter 2013 adjusted EBITDA of $5.4 million, a $7.5 million improvement over 2012 first quarter adjustment EBITDA loss of $2.1 million. I'm very pleased to have started our fiscal year with such strong financial results. We were able to achieve top line growth of greater than 30% for 6 consecutive quarters. Even adjusted for commodity inflation, our current quarter sales increase, once again, exceeded the increase in residential construction activity as actual single-family housing starts in the south region increased 27.4% and single-family units under construction increased 23.2%. From a sales per start perspective, we ended the current quarter with $4,047 per south region single-family start, up significantly from $3,539 per start in the first quarter of 2012. As mentioned in yesterday's press release, though our sales growth for the quarter was very positive. The commodity lumber price inflation we experienced during the quarter once again played significant downward pressure on gross margins. Subsequent to setting first quarter customer pricing in late December, commodity lumber prices increased approximately 20% through the end of the first quarter. While we were able to obtain price increases from our customers during the quarter, they were not enough to offset the continued commodity price inflation. For the quarter, we estimate commodity lumber inflation negatively impacted gross margin by 1.8 percentage point. I'll now turn the call over to Chad who will review our financial results in more detail.
Floyd F. Sherman: Thank you, Chad. We are excited about the prospects for the homebuilding industry and the outlook continues to suggest favorable opportunities for Builders FirstSource. The National Association of Home Builders is now predicting a 24.2% increase in single-family housing starts for 2013 and an additional 28.8% increase in 2014. We believe Builders FirstSource is well positioned to take advantage of this recovery. Our strategy remains focused on increasing our market share and improving our operating margins as we move into the spring and summer building season. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Floyd F. Sherman: I would say inventory levels are up, obviously, since year end, some of that's due to inflation. We are trying to make opportunistic buys, as they become available. As you said, prices have pulled back a little bit the last couple of weeks. We'll see what the future holds as to whether they stay at these levels or start to run up again. The buys we've made the last few weeks have certainly helped our inventory and cost position. But really, it's going to -- our margins in the next couple of quarters are going to be more determined on what lumber prices do over the next couple of months. And we'll just have to wait and see.
Floyd F. Sherman: We don't really see any new lumber mills coming on stream, we see 3 OSB mills that will probably be opening and have already been announced to be open and start production this year.
Floyd F. Sherman: It's anticipated that those 3 OSB mills this year will probably add somewhere in the neighborhood of -- on a combined basis, somewhere around 700 million square feet. If you look at it, for every 100,000 new homes that are added, it requires over 1 billion square feet of 7/16 OSB to cover that -- the housing increase. The mills were operating close to capacity last year. The combined output of the OSB was about 17.5 billion square feet. So with the increased housing of this year, the new mills opening really aren't going to have much of an effect that we can see on bringing down the price of OSB. I think we have seen the major inflation in both OSB and lumber. And I think we're starting to get a point -- and I think both products are trying to find a point, where they could be more stabilization of pricing in the market. And I think we're going to see that. But I think suppliers are going to still continue to be tight for the rest of the year. Hopefully, those 3 mills will ease some of that, but I really don't think it's going to have a heck of a difference for us this year anyway. Maybe next year, that will begin to get some relief.
Floyd F. Sherman: No, because we still took market share gain, if you look at it, even on the -- on a straight volume basis. And you looked at either from -- based on the single-family starts in the southern region, or if you looked at units under construction. The -- probably, I will say, our market share gain, if we probably slowed down a little from what we had experienced in previous quarters -- and most of that is being due. We are trying to be more selective in our pricing. We are trying to get better pricing in the marketplace and, obviously, there's trade off. It's still a very, very competitive market out there. Housing, while it still is much better than what it was in the past, 2012 was still a worst year on record for housing. Still, pricing is still a very competitive part of the market, and but we still have been able to really continue to increase that market share anywhere from, I guess, depending on what side of it you want to look at units, under construction which is a true measure for us or starts. It's still single -- low single- to high single-digit through market share gain.
Floyd F. Sherman: We have made up a lot of ground since the low point, which was probably back in 2010. Still have some ground to make up in that product category. That category does get impacted a little bit by inflation as well, not as significant as the Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods category. But we are starting to get better pricing, and then some margin improvement there.
Floyd F. Sherman: Any of that would run through -- it would run through SG&A, but that's a very small number. We don't have that many leases that have contingent lease payments based on rev.
Floyd F. Sherman: The make-whole right now, I believe, is about $41 million, $42 million. It comes down around $7 million a quarter. It comes down evenly through the end of December '14.
Floyd F. Sherman: From our standpoint, our mix has remained very, very consistent the last year, 1, 1.5 years, between the larger builders and the smaller builders. So while we are growing alongside the large builders, we're certainly adding a lot of new customers and growing our share with the small guys as well. So for us, it's been remarkably consistent.
Floyd F. Sherman: We continue to accelerate the -- on our average daily shipments, all the way starting through January. February was better than January. March was much better than February. And this pace is continuing on through the April. So we are seeing a steady escalation in our business.
Floyd F. Sherman: I think it's more than seasonality. So long as we are continuing to take and gain positive market share gain, I think that -- and, obviously, seasonality does figure into it, but still, on a month-to-month comparison, quarter-over-quarter comparison, all those are up and accelerating.
Floyd F. Sherman: I really haven't seen any stats that would say that there's been a significant change in the average square footage of home being built. They -- everything we're seeing is still saying it's pretty close to where it was a year ago.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. And we really haven't seen, David -- we have not really seen a major change. We're hopeful that this will come, because we're reading a lot about how builders are starting to sell more upgrades and put a lot of extras into the home and -- but we haven't really started seeing it that much. And that will certainly impact us favorably as we go forward, should that trend take place. We're still seeing -- the builders are still very concerned about the pricing of the home, keeping it, making sure that it's affordable and the -- but there's been a lot of talk that the consumer is again starting to turn and look for a more upgraded home. And that will be very positive for us.
Floyd F. Sherman: Yes. We are -- we're definitely seeing an uptick in our component sales. We believe this trend will continue. Right now, our backlog for those items is the largest it's been in -- going back to the '06 -- '05, '06 period, and that's continuing to grow. So I think there very definitely is one of the factors that's impacting that is the labor issues that we have out in our industry. And that then helps the component side of the business. And I think the labor situation is not going to rectify itself very quickly and as that particular problem continues, I think there'll be a conversion more and more to the use of components.
Floyd F. Sherman: No. I would like to say that I believe what they are saying, we certainly are not seeing it. We compete with all of the majors for -- especially for the business with the large national builder, and I can say we have not seen that taking place. Hopefully, it will. Because in these highly inflationary times, that certainly is a better approach to pricing than extended pricing. And we certainly have been trying to get it. And we've really been -- put a lot of effort into it. But unfortunately many of our competitors they didn't go along with it and we ended up having to change our approach. So with that said, I'll leave it at that.
Floyd F. Sherman: We've certainly put a big dent in it. With a lot of the pricing, you do have some bleed over into the next month following a quarter, especially if a customer turned a PO in, say, at the end of March and we didn't ship until April. So we do have some bleed-over pricing, but we certainly put a dent in it.
Floyd F. Sherman: I was going to say, you're always going to have -- in a competitive pricing environment, you're going to have some people who think the market's going to fall and work to their favor and you have other people who believe otherwise. And it affects then, obviously, your pricing strategy. So you're continually contending with those forces out there. And I do believe that the commodities are beginning to maybe level out to where it becomes a more predictable level of pricing. And that certainly will help us, as we go forward in the quarter. We set our pricing at the beginning of the quarter, and we obviously take into account what we think replacement costs are going to be and what our costs and inventory are, and then set that pricing. And hopefully, the inflation that occurs during the next quarter doesn't exceed what has been -- than what we've set in our pricing like it did in the first quarter. These had been very, very unusual times. I've never experienced anything like what we've gone through over the last several quarters as far as market inflation, and -- but it's becoming now more predictable. And I really think it's going to be a lot more controllable. And I think we're going to have a lot better pricing success. And I think our margins are going to reflect it in the coming quarters.
Floyd F. Sherman: It has instilled a little more discipline, but there's still -- it still is a very competitive environment, but we are not seeing the -- some of the craziness that we saw 1 year or 1.5 years ago. And I think that the industry is no longer, especially with the labor situation, is no longer fighting that, the issue that you had when you had low material costs and low labor cost. It made it very, very difficult. And people like ourselves, you had to put so much business through your plants in order to absorb the fixed cost that you had in the plant. And so there were some very, very aggressive pricing. But that certainly has improved noticeably over the last 6 months in particular.
Floyd F. Sherman: Right now, I would say across the board, we're probably operating at about 60% of our capacity or utilization of our facility. We -- in one particular area, we have had to open one of our mothballed facilities in order that we could take care of the demand, and that has already been put in place. And we have now opened that facility and ramping it up, so -- but across the board, we're probably about a 60% utilization.
Floyd F. Sherman: That certainly is a major product item for us, and we are a very good Weyerhaeuser customer. They have been able to push through some price increases, but unfortunately, they don't sell to the builder. And we have to sit and sell the product to the builder and fight with whether it be Boise or LP in competition for that business. And while Weyerhaeuser might be doing a lot better with a product, we aren't. And it's -- we've been able to get some of that price increase, but when you are divorced from having to deal with the builder and when it's a -- when you're in a position, you take it or leave it, and it's -- you have so much of your sales program built around the product, that makes it a lot tougher. Ultimately, I expect that we're going to be able to get it. But we can't move as quickly as Weyerhaeuser does.
Floyd F. Sherman: That was, if we wanted the business, we were going to have to give our 90-day price. And the -- we tried to go, and we had been hearing that the competition in the fields were going with shorter pricing and 30-day and 45-day pricing. We obviously, didn't find that to be the case, and we had to make adjustments in that. And we lost, in fact, to some of the people who are claiming that they are 30-day and 45-day. We walked away from some business, because the pricing was just wasn't acceptable to us. And it was still 90-days, and they were still insisting that they're only given 45. So I have a little bit of a jaundiced view of -- when it comes to listening to what people say versus what they do.
Floyd F. Sherman: For the most part, it's the large -- national large regional builders who are looking for longer pricing periods. We do, I guess, probably 1/3 of our business -- 30% of our business is probably on less than that 90-day. And we always have done a lot of 30-day, 45-day pricing. There are some large builders who still will price on 30-days and always have, because they feel that they can catch enough variations in the commodity markets that over the long term, that works to their advantage. And I would have to agree with them. I personally think that the 30-day pricing is the better pricing strategies for all of us in the industry. But you have to react to what the customers want and try to accommodate the customers and we do that.
Floyd F. Sherman: We look at that on an -- and almost all businesses continually -- you are continually evaluating what you walk away points, what are the tradeoffs, and so forth. I can tell you in the first quarter we walked away from in excess of $20 million worth of business because the pricing was just not acceptable to us. I suspect from what I have seen already in the second quarter that, that number will probably be closer to $30 million worth of business. But you can, as business conditions improve, you can be more price selective, and you do have an ability to get better pricing. But the -- we look at it by individual markets and on -- and across regions when we're making those determinations. But I can't -- had we taken that business, almost all of that business would have been low single-digit margin for us, as the quarter played out, had we taken it. So I can't say well, what would the margins have been had we taken it. You can go back and calculate that, but it would've cost us probably somewhere between close to 70, if not 100 basis points.
Floyd F. Sherman: Okay. We appreciate your dialing in and following our company. And we certainly are looking forward to a continuation of the improved financial performance for the company.
M. Chad Crow: No. On sales volume, we're our probably going to be somewhere 50% to 60% variable on just sales dollars. It's going to be less than that if we keep seeing some lumber inflation and our ability to pass on price increases. Obviously, we can leverage our SG&A even better in that environment. So I would say it's kind of a blended rate. It's probably 50% variable.
M. Chad Crow: I would say it's never easy getting price increases, but we are having success. It's a battle. Every time you go out there to price, it's still a battle. Like Floyd said, it's still a very competitive environment. We're still building at historically low levels of housing. So I'm not going to sit here and say it's easy by any means, but we are having some success, and we'll keep pushing.
M. Chad Crow: It's probably going to be $8 million to $9 million, and it's going to be primarily related to expanding our delivery equipment.
M. Chad Crow: It's going to grow as long as our revenues grow, and it'll keep growing. To the extent we can, we generally lease that equipment, but there are some -- there's some specialized equipment in some situations where it just makes more sense to buy. And that's the part you're seeing on the CapEx side.
M. Chad Crow: I think on an overall basis, you'd probably be looking at anywhere from 50 to 150 basis points margin expansion.
M. Chad Crow: For that particular product category, it will be greater, obviously, but on a consolidated basis, that's probably a good estimate.
M. Chad Crow: Yes, there is. And there's, obviously, other factors that impact our margin, the competitive landscape and the pricing competition. But if you look at the first quarter, our margins were relatively strong the first 2 months of the quarter, and then we got slammed in March because of the inflation, and we were out having to replenish inventory. As I said earlier, we had the bleed-over pricing in April. So April started out rough as well, but it had started to improve. And so in your scenario, if lumber prices stay relatively flat the rest of the quarter, then we should see some very nice margin improvement in May and June. And so given the fact that the first quarter had one bloody month in it and the second quarter is starting out that way and should recover, then you could look at the math and say, "Well, if it cost is 180 bps in Q1, maybe we can recover the majority of that in Q2." We'll just have to wait and see how things play out.
M. Chad Crow: If we were selling the commodity lumber products, what I would call a normal historical margin, if you go back over the years in a healthy housing environment, what we could expect to get on those products, I think we could have been around 22% margin in Q1. There's a lot of what-ifs in that. But in a normal environment and normal pricing environment, that's what I would have expected.
M. Chad Crow: Well, again, I wouldn't call this a normal environment. We're still at very low levels and still very competitive. So I wouldn't go out on a limb, and say it's going to get that strong, that quick. We still need help from the overall housing environment.
M. Chad Crow: Yes. That's fair. I do not expect the prices -- right now, there have been some conditions, because of bad weather in the Midwest, bad weather in the Northeast. It really has slowed down the pace of building in certain parts of the country. Extreme wet weather in the Southeast has also affected it. Some of the mills have temporarily built up an inventory. You had people starting to sit on the sidelines, who normally would've been ordering on a regular basis. We're kind of waiting, because they were saying, "Hey, I can't get the prices at where they -- from my customer, where the market pricing is, so I'm going to sit and see what happens." And the mills have finally have to get to point where they've got to move that excess out. And that's when you get this temporary fall on pricing as they attempt to do that. And I think that has been done. I really anticipate that we are going to see the prices come back up to somewhere near the level of where they were. But I think that will be on a more stable basis and is comparable to where we were back in '05 and '06. And it's from all of our research, and we do very close research on both the lumber industry, as well as on the OSB industry. Right now, these industries are operating, at current level of housing, they're in that 80% to 90% capacity range. They've taken a lot of mills off stream, and they're going to be very slow to add them, and what they're trying to do, I believe, is get to a stable pricing environment. And I think we will see that in during the summer months.
M. Chad Crow: It's really hard to predict what lumber prices are going do and how much our working capital is going to grow, and our sales continue to increase at a rapid pace. I don't think we'll see as much burn in the second quarter or the third quarter. I'm hoping that the working capital build will start to slow, but we'll see. In any event, I still think we have ample liquidity in the near term. I would still expect in the year with at least $90 million of cash, maybe closer to $100 million. So from a liquidity standpoint, we have no immediate concerns. As far as the refinancing, certainly the refinancing market is still very favorable, and we continue to take a hard look at our options there and what might be available. But for the near term, I'm not concerned about our liquidity needs.
