David Rush: Thanks, Peter. Let me close by summarizing how we're set up to drive long-term profitable growth by executing our strategic pillars. We believe we are the unquestioned leader in addressing our customers' pain points through our focus on customer service, value-added products and install services. Our industry-leading digital innovations are bringing greater efficiency to homebuilding and will win us new customers and grow wallet share along the way.   Our robust free cash flow generation is funding disciplined capital deployment that will maximize returns and compound long-term shareholder value. We have a proven playbook for growth during complex operating environments, and we'll keep working to be the best and deliver excellence every day. Thank you again for joining us today.  Operator, let's please open the call now for questions. 
David Rush: Yes. The only thing I'd add is -- echo  the overarching demand profile continues to be strong. I think the timing of when they actually execute the buy is kind of what is a little more volatile than the expectation that they will execute the buy. And that's part of it but our builder customers are still indicating that they are seeing that demand, and they're expecting the similar trajectory that we've forecasted for ourselves for the back half. 
David Rush: Yes. Thanks, Trey. What I would tell you is multifamily in specific, some of that backlog is getting extended. So where at one point in time in the year, I may have thought more of those jobs would finish quicker. They're spread now. It's actually a good thing. It kind of smoothed that transition for us in one way. The other thing I'd tell you about multifamily, our team has done a great job going after pseudo multifamily.  Smaller multifamily projects, customers, they [ haven't ] typically gone after that are helping also transition that hasn't started yet, but we're seeing a lot of good momentum in that space, things like assisted living versus a 4-level apartment complex. So smaller jobs as you take them by themselves, but add it up, it will help the transition. But single family is kind of operating the way we expected it to. There's been --  it's never retracted below a level. It's a build, and it's a continual build, but at the end of the day, is it as steep of a build as we would like? Of course, not, it's not as robust as we would like ever, but it's steady and it's there, and it doesn't retract. That's an important factor. It is a build even as it's a slower build than we'd love to see. And we're adjusting that as we need to, to those market conditions. 
David Rush: Yes. And I would add, a good indicator for me is always our truss backlog. Our truss backlog is at healthy levels. It's continuing to build. That's an indicator for us of what's to come. And that -- if that was starting to slack off, I might give a little more worried, but it's where it needs to be for us to be in a healthy situation. 
David Rush: The only thing I'd add is our highest variable cost obviously is our labor. And the field and the team have done an exceptional job keeping labor as a percent of gross profit, which is our key metric, right in line with our operating -- within the parameters of what we set for ourselves in this level of sales and activity and our tools for managing that cost are as good as they've ever been in my 25 years with the company. So the key factor for us in managing SG&A is how well we manage our labor down at the field level, and they've done exceptional at that since the beginning of the year. 
David Rush: Well, good morning, Keith, if you recall, Keith, this time last year or in the first quarter last year, we were just coming out of normalization of the supply chain, windows and doors were getting delivered timely again, and the national builders focus on completions in that first quarter was at a higher level just to catch up. That kind of was the [ PIG in the pipeline ] for us last year in higher millwork and [ window and ] the door sales in the first quarter than normal. I would tell you this first quarter was normal. So we had to roll over those numbers from last year where it was a bit more tilted towards completions where this year was more normal with respect to completions.  There has been some deflation in the category, and specifically, I think, with millwork -- on the millwork side. And that's affected it modestly. I think we saw pretty close. Our volumes did exactly what we expected our volumes to do and it was more along the lines of some of the deflationary impact along with rolling over that higher degree of completions last first quarter, that really explained the difference. 
David Rush: So it's -- as you would expect and why we play in those categories, that is less price sensitive on the manufacturing side because once you get locked in with the designer and you get locked in with somebody who's going to meet delivery schedules and whatnot. That becomes more important factor. Now as commodities have fluctuated and the fact that they are a component of manufacturing that affects the price as commodities go up or down, and they've been going down for lumber slightly.  But you know what we've been able to do is offset some of that with our efficiencies that we've been able to gain throughout since the merger with our automation investments and our continual improvement in actual board foot per labor hour produced has been a nice offset to some of those challenges. But as a whole, value add continues to hold in there better than commodities, which, of course, is in line with our strategy. 
David Rush: Yes. I would say all of the above. We had a strong install business. We did $2.5 billion in labor and materials installed in 2023. So we had a nice base to work from. And our initial focus, as you would expect, was on the products that we are already good at in one market and leveraging that platform to other markets. And it's the products that we're most familiar with and the products that we distribute every day. So we've got off to a great start. A lot of that increase is from existing markets that are already doing install because those are the ones that had the base to work from.  But we developed really nice playbooks, and we've had really good interest, which has been pull interest. So as people reaching out, I want to get into this business, how do I do it the right way versus us saying, "Hey, you need to get into this business." Which is in my role, in my seat, that's what you want to see. And we've got really good people, really good plans, and we just think it's the next evolution for us as a company in solving our customer pain points and doing it methodically and in a way that we don't make mistakes. That's key for me, to do it the right way and make sure that what we are generating is customer value added solutions. 
David Rush: It's a little, it depends on the product category first of all. But the national builders certainly like the install solution wherever they can apply it.  The custom guys like it, but they're a little more specific to millwork or a little more specific to install windows probably not so much installed framing, right? So it's a really good play for the national builders. They seem to like that the best, but there are applications for both segments. 
David Rush: Yes. And install is a natural evolution to the value add. It's the next part of value add, not only do you get the components delivered to the job site, but you actually install the components that are delivered to the job site, that's just a natural evolution of doing more for our customers. 
David Rush: What I would tell you, Tyler, is not any more than usual. Again, where we differentiate ourselves is in the value-added solution in the value-added space, and that's for a reason. Anybody can do commodities, anybody can deliver lumber. It's hard to differentiate yourself in a straight distribution model. So we do see competition in that arena for sure. We try to leverage our relationships with those customers where we do other stuff for them very well and use that as a way to continue to maintain share on the commodity side versus just getting into a price war.  So we do see competition in that regard. We choose to compete where we want to compete in that regard. But we'll always do a high percentage of lumber. We're good at doing lumber. We're good at meeting schedules and making sure the lumber is there when the customer wants it. And we get recognized for that and where we get that recognition is where we play. But in short, a lot more competition on the commodity side than the noncommodity side and our reputation on the value-added space carries us a long way. 
David Rush: What I would tell you juices me the most was the traffic we had at our booth at IBS. I have never in my 25 years of going to IBS seen the kind of excitement and the kind of traffic that went through our booth, primarily because of our digital platform and showing what capabilities that it was going to present. The other  thing I would say is, think about it, if you're a smaller builder, 50 to 200 homes a year, you don't have the ability to invest in technology for yourself to get this to the level of platform that we're developing.  What we're doing is leveraging our ability to make those investments develop that platform for our customers of that size so that they can play in that space and be efficient without having to make a huge upfront investment themselves. So that's the rationale behind why we developed it and why we think it will be appealing to our customer base and if IBS is any indication, we hit it right on the head. 
Peter Jackson: Matt, thanks for the question. So the margins that we're seeing are really in line with what we were expecting. The multifamily business specifically, I think, outlined it a couple of times, but for everybody just to restate it, will continue to normalize, will continue to go down over the course of the year. We think that sales will continue to decline back towards normal, and we'll continue to see margins as a percentage return back to normal as the year progresses. So not over, but very much in line with what we were expecting.  Margins -- there's a couple of things going on. We've talked about margin normalization being between 30% and 33%. We think that's an accurate forecast. Just keep in mind that normalization in this instance, would assume normal starts which we're not quite back to yet. But that said, our guide for the year is still within that range. We've seen some good things hold on longer, and we think that's going to sustain us to be able to get to our guide for the year on margins. But it's performing about like we expected. It's not a surprise in terms of where the rates -- where the margin levels are. 
Peter Jackson: Yes, it's the latter. You should expect a consistent decline from multifamily throughout the year. It's a long lead time product category. We've got pretty good visibility to what we're expecting to see. There's certainly a bit of slippage from one month to the next in any given period. But I think what we're seeing and expecting in multifamily is another big decline in Q2 and sort of a consistent year-over-year decline throughout the end of the year.  We'll, of course, update you as we learn more. 
Peter Jackson: Mike, thanks for the question. In short, we're really confident in the forecast, the way it's laid out. That guide is something that you put out there and feel good about reaffirming. The growth that you're talking about is already happening. So I think it came through in some of our materials. I think there's maybe this expectation that our whole business moves in the same way in the same quarter. And that's really not what we're seeing here, right? You're seeing the early parts of the building process, the lumber, the truss, the stuff that hits the job site early after the start, doing great. we're growing. The momentum is building.  There are certainly some headwinds we're dealing with. I mean we talked a little bit about that. I'm sure we'll talk more. But the business is performing very well in that category. We've not yet started to see the tailwind, the uplift from some of the later building process products, right, the doors, the millwork, they are also good for us. But we have every confidence that that's coming, that that's going to continue to be a good tailwind for us. There are, of course, a lot of questions about what the overall market in single family is going to do, a lot of questions about interest rates.  But again, let's not forget, there's a lot of demand out there. There are a lot of confident homebuilders. There are a lot of good units and good production momentum going on, and we're participating. So we're not concerned about delivering based on everything we're seeing today, but we do have to digest multifamily. I think we've been very transparent about that. It's working like we expected, and things are playing out. So yes, the back half of the year needs to be growing. But again, we're seeing good momentum that we think will pass through on the early-stage products. We're seeing good growth in categories that we've leaned into, value-add, install, and we continue to be active in M&A.  So certainly, a lot to be confident in. We're happy with the business and not shy about what we're seeing for the rest of the year. 
Peter Jackson: Yes. We're -- you're right, we're sitting on about $700 million in cash plus all of the capacity in the ABL, lots of cool M&A popping, right? I mean we've done a couple of small deals so far, but we're sitting on a bunch of dry powder and excited about what the opportunities look like. We'll have to see how they play out. But at this moment in time, we're ready to take advantage of the opportunities that are going to present themselves. That's kind of how you should read that. A little bit of a slow start to the year, but we're feeling good. 
Peter Jackson: The only thing I might add is there's nothing in what's happened that is a surprise to us in terms of the variables. All the variables I think. We've accounted for. There are a couple of variables that were, I would say, bigger headwinds than we anticipated. I think that weather thing has certainly thrown us a curve ball. It will bounce back, but that's been a tricky one to navigate, particularly regionally.  I think what builders have done to build homes more affordably, whether it be size of the home or complexity of the home there's some variability on that as well that we've been challenged with. But again, I think we're in line. We're doing what we said we were going to do despite those variables. 
Peter Jackson: Yes. So I would tell you right up front that commodities are where the war is happening. That's where the fight is. It's where historically, you've got the most aggressive players. You've got the most dynamic pricing, the volatility of it. I think what you're seeing in the numbers is really just around timing. A little bit of shift in terms of when we saw the OSB run versus when we were feeling it. That will come through at different points during the year. But I would expect sort of us to be pretty much done with the bad news around the prices of commodities.  What I will say, though, is while we saw the run in OSB that's starting to walk back. We saw a much smaller run on lumber and that's walking back as well. So I think you're seeing that mood of the market recognizing [ higher ] for longer and trying to triangulate on what that means to commodity prices. But again, that's not our game. We don't play the commodities up, commodity down bet. We're continuing to on product just in time, move it quickly, price appropriately, get paid for what we do, that our strategy hasn't changed at all in that category. 
Peter Jackson: Yes. So SG&A, we saw a couple of one-timers come through in Q1 that hurt us a little bit. Some of it was -- we had some credits last year that we didn't repeat this year. I wouldn't -- from my perspective and take it what it's worth, I wouldn't read too much into it. I think our consistent discipline around expenses will keep us in the ranges that you'd expect.  Summer months are always our best leverage months, right, Q2, Q3, so you'll see that come through. In terms of the base business, I guess I would say there isn't much of an adjustment, maybe minor on the bonus side. I think really the storyline around the year-over-year bonuses is that we gave ourselves as you've seen a more challenging target and plan for this year. Our performance is more in line versus vastly outperforming that target. So you will see a pullback in the total amount of bonus dollars just by nature of that performance, which you'd expect. I think that shareholders, management and the Board is all an alignment on that one. So that will be a bit of a tailwind versus the prior year just from a dollar amount perspective. 
Peter Jackson: Well, I was happy to say Q2 up until Houston got buried or flooded out. Generally, it takes about quarter to a quarter and a half to catch back up. It doesn't unfortunately just whipsaw back the other direction, but that's probably a reasonable way to think about it, 3 to 4 months. 
Peter Jackson: And to Dave's point, we do see a higher level of adoption of our value-added products to the larger players just generally. 
Peter Jackson: Yes. So I don't think I can give you the detail -- thank you for the question. I'm not sure I can give you the breakdown necessarily exactly what you're looking for. What I can tell you is on the mix side, it's an expectation that we're going to see a trend back to normal mix. I don't think that's much of a stretch, right? So what we're seeing right now is more of our growth being in the pure commodities and the truss and the relationship between just those 2 categories, biases it towards the commodities. And commodities like I was saying before, is where we've had the most aggressive normalization.  We've seen it across the board on the gross margins, right? We've seen gross margin normalization. We've talked about it a lot. It's not just multifamily, it's single-family, too. Matter of fact, this quarter, the bulk of it was single-family normalization. Much of that is the mix, but a good chunk of that is also just what we've been messaging over the last year, and that's -- we have seen this normalization play out. We've seen it across the business. And this year's margins are when you peel back that multifamily stuff, a step down from where they were. That was why we were so adamant last year that our mid-30s gross margin numbers weren't going to hold on because we were seeing it play out.  But that mix will certainly be a tailwind as we regain the later-stage building products, but we have, again, the lapping from the prior year. So that's why our guide is in that 30% to 33% range because we think that those 3 variables will play against each other, and we want to try and give you the best insight possible to where we'll end up. 
Peter Jackson: We won't get that precise, but I think our strategy has not changed, right? The way we look at the market, where we're successful, where we can add the most value are all variables in the discussion. But I think that there's -- there are always a million rumors about what may or may not trade. I think for us, it's imperative that we stay disciplined and we stay focused. What's exciting is, as it stands today, we see a lot of assets out there that fit that screen, and now we just got to see if we can get them across finish line. 
Peter Jackson: The only thing I'll add, I think it might be embedded in your question is share. I think one of the variables that we struggle with is what's the real share number. Generally, we would use single-family starts as a proxy for the market and then we would compare our sales against that. In general, that's a really tricky thing right now because I think there are some meaningful differences between a start unit and a sales dollar.  Homes are smaller. The cost of those homes and what's being put into them and simpler and cheaper. And we have seen some not insignificant cost reductions or pricing reductions in terms of what we are getting from our vendors and what is selling into the market. Whether it be commodities which is the obvious one, but also EWP or millwork or any of the other ones we've talked about, those all represent sort of gaps or deltas between those 2 units of measure.  And then you layer on a little bit of the timing related stuff, whether it be how complete these homes are and what we're selling or the weather or whatever, it certainly has made that whole discussion and that analysis really challenging. But back to Dave's point, I think the only place we think we've maybe struggled or battled is in that commodity, the low end where smaller competitors are more willing to get down and dirty. 
Peter Jackson: So as it relates specifically to the first quarter, we're higher concentrated in R&R in the Northeast. And the Northeast was that set area of the country for us. That was a great -- more greatly impacted by weather. I think 20 to 23 days had serious weather in the quarter. That's where we felt it. In general, I think R&R will be -- is kind of a two-edged sword, right? The bigger projects are facing some of the same kind of cost of money pressures that the small custom builder is facing. But the regular smaller projects, I think, are going to be along the same line as what you would expect. 
Peter Jackson: Dave, yes, we're excited about digital. I don't unfortunately have user numbers. I might be able to get them for you, but I don't have them off the top of my head. It's going up. We're seeing that. They were -- gosh, I don't know what it was 500 or 700 leads that we took out of IBS. We've got a lot of customers as we do our adoption and our rollout around the country that are coming on board. While most of them are mid to smaller-sized builders. The profile, I think, that you're talking about are those that are leaning into digital and technology to be able to make themselves more efficient and more professional and better with their customers.  I think you've got -- sometimes it's generational. Candidly, sometimes it's not. It's just the mentality around leveraging tools to take waste out of the job, make the job go quicker, connect with the home buyer a little bit more easily, more visually. But it's such a -- in our opinion, it's such a compelling tool.  It's got so much that can help to build or just get a little bit better every day. That game we're all trying to play, creating efficiency, making it more transparent to the builder, to the trades and to the home buyer. So that -- those are the types of customers, the ones that really take advantage of technology to do that, that we're seeing early. But in general, I think our digital tool has become -- is increasingly becoming the new way of doing business just because it's so easy. It's very modern, it's very smooth. And so far, so good. We're excited about the ramp-up trend and how it's been progressing, so far early days. 
Peter Jackson: Yes, pretty similar. I think that the West got hammered out of the gate, and they bounced back really nicely, a little more stable through the other 2 regions. But yes, I think that's been pretty consistent. We have to see how this whole weather thing in Houston plays out. But for the time being, it's pretty good. 
Peter Jackson: We didn't see a lot of unusual behavior in the market, no. Tough for us to see that from others perspective, but it's a strong I would think generally a strong and a stable market. So I don't know how people made bets with regard to where stuff was moving. 
