Dave Flitman: Thanks Peter. Our industry is clearly experiencing pockets of deceleration. We've all seen mortgage rates rising single-family starts forecast coming down in the back half of this year and cancellation rates increasing. We are not deterred. Our company is a much different one today than it was in 2007, and we remain confident in our ability to effectively navigate the persistently unpredictable environment. We are operating with our eyes wide open to any near-term macro turbulence while keeping our eye insights on our long-term goals, our core values and our operating principles as our guidepost. BFS is a company with fundamental strengths and clear competitive advantages and we are prepared to win in any environment. We remain leaders in a highly fragmented industry with the opportunity to be the acquirer of choice in the event of market dislocations and given our belief in the long-term industry growth trends. Our more than 560 facilities are in 47 of the top 50 MSAs with tremendous geographic customer and end market diversification. We have an extremely strong balance sheet, and we'll continue to execute our strategy and deliver strong free cash flows. And finally, this is a seasoned and highly experienced leadership team that has successfully navigated many prior cycles, and we will deliver compounded shareholder value over the long term. Katie, let's please open the call now for questions.
Dave Flitman: Yes, I think it's a combination of all that, Ruben, you have to point out the backlog strength that is still there. We're seeing that really across the board with our customers. We do expect through the course of the back half of the year, that backlog to get worked off. As we've said before, it takes about a quarter or so until we start to see volumes shift relative to what's happening in the starts environment. But importantly, as you point out, we've been taking share in the value-added portions of the business for a long time, and we expect that that will continue. So it's a combination really of those two things. But aptly and largely, it's based on the starts decline that we expect to start seeing in the back half of the second half of the year.
Dave Flitman: Sure. I'll start out at a higher level and then Peter can kind of fill in any color. But as you point out, and we commented here in the script, we're not the same company. Clearly, we're 12x larger, 60x more profitable. We've got a bulletproof balance sheet, over $2.5 billion of free cash flow. And as you know, in a slowing environment, that free cash flow will accelerate as we unwind working capital. But importantly, we've been talking for several quarters here about any demand shift or decline being short-lived, certainly relative to what happened in '07. And two key reasons why. First, the demographic shift, we've talked a lot about the millennials driving a lot of the starts over the past few years. We think they're driving about 30% of the housing starts, and that demand is much stronger than it was, say, in 2007. And secondly and importantly, over the last decade plus, we've had a huge underbilling in this industry. So that demand is not going away. We've underserved the market somewhere between 2 million and 6 million single-family homes over the last 12 to 15 years. So, we think any of that recessionary environment will power through that through the long term. So that's why we're very bullish on where the industry ends up over the long term.
Dave Flitman: Great question, Trey. We've seen that demand shift more to the value-added side of the business over the past several years. Obviously, both legacy companies were driving that, and we've certainly stepped on the gas. We think that mix shift will continue over the long term regardless of what's going on in the environment. If for no other reason that there's been such a tremendous exit of skilled labor in the industry since the last downturn, and you don't just get that back over time. So importantly, those efficiency gains that the builders are gaining from the work we're going off site will be important in even in a slower market environment because they need those efficiencies. They need to be as productive as they can in a slower operating environment. So we're excited about the shift we've had. Our teams aligned around it. We expect those product shifts to continue through the course of time.
Dave Flitman: We're really excited about our digital platform and the work that's been done. Importantly, we hit that important milestone. As we've talked about the long-term strategy and the vision when we acquired Paradigm just about a year ago now, we said we would take a platform that was fairly narrowly focused in the millwork side of the business and extend that to the whole home design. And importantly, we said we would start with our strength, which was a structural design of the home. And as I said in the script, we just recently hit an important milestone where we've integrated the material takeoff with that structural design into the visualizer with Paradigm. So, that starts to bring together some of those key elements and capability that we spoke about. Still a lot more work to do but the vision is intact, and we have invested heavily in the last 12 months. We'll continue to invest heavily, we believe in the vision. And regardless of the market environment, we think digital is the right long-term play, not only for us, but importantly, for the industry because we're driving a lot of efficiency gains, and I talked about it in the script here a little bit, finding all the problems in the digital world instead of at the job site, just drives tremendous efficiency gains, and that's really at the heart of what we're trying to achieve here. And we're excited about it. We think we're going to lean in pretty hard regardless of what's going on in the world around us because we believe in the long-term strategy and what this is going to bring to the industry.
Dave Flitman: No. We -- as I said earlier, Ketan, we think we're going to continue to lead in. Our customers love these products. They solve a lot of problems at the job site and help make them more efficient. So, we believe we're going to lean in hard and the mix will continue to shift through the course of time.
Dave Flitman: And we've been through cycles, up and down cycles, ports of time over the last decade, and we continue to penetrate the market because there's real value for our customers with these products.
Dave Flitman: So I think we're right on track, Stanley. You're thinking about it right. We hit an important milestone in the quarter and wanted to share that. But that's part of the plan. So there's still a whole lot more work for our team to do. My main message is we're executing well the development is coming together exactly as we expected. We still expect to see that $1 billion, and it will be back-end loaded in that five-year time horizon per design. So we're right on track with where we want to be.
Dave Flitman: Well, we've been investing heavily in automation, base automation for many years. Both legacy companies have done that. We're continuing to automate. As Peter mentioned, there's some equipment challenges in just getting things in but our strategy is sound. And what I mentioned around the eight lines, this is new technology and capability that we've worked with House of Design around over the last couple of years. And this is beyond automation. This is fully robotic trust manufacturing. And so, we had an important data point coming together at Villa Rica, and we expect over the next couple of years to buy another eight more of those lines or four on the roof side, four on the floor trust side. So we're continuing to innovate and come up with new and creative ways to, first of all, get a more consistent product to our customers and secondly, deal with the same labor challenges our customers face that we've got inside. So, it takes some of those issues off the table. But we'll continue to invest, and we expect there may be some puts and takes here or there a carryover in capital, but we will spend that money and we're committed to that capability.
Peter Jackson: Matt, yes, that's a great question. The purpose our original intended lease of that sensitivity page in the back is really to give you a normalized environment, right? It dials out any fluctuations in commodity prices. It dials out any fluctuations in margins outside of what we continue -- what we consider to be normal, right? So anything more than normal margins we dial out. So -- if you think about what's happened this year, this has been anything but a normal year. Clearly, we've been substantially higher. There have been a lot of displacements continuing through the market this year. We've certainly performed much, much better than normal in terms of our margins. As you've seen, right, we've guided to 27% plus as our normal margins, and we're substantially higher than that. So, I would use the sensitivity chart as just a way to come up with deltas between various commodity price levels, but accounting for the fact that we're seeing pretty substantially different results in 2022 as you come up with your model and your estimate on the total included demand.
Peter Jackson: Yes, good question again. That's an important part of how we think about our business and how we forecast, right, in addition to commodities and starts, it's certainly margins that are a critical component it's going to take a while for margins to get back down to that normal level, right? While we are pleased that the supply chain is beginning to show signs of normalizing a bit, it's certainly not back to the almost debt. So while we do expect it to sort of slowly progress as the year progresses back towards normal. I think we're -- we'll be a little ways out into next year before that gets back to what I would consider to be anywhere near normal, and we'll just have to watch it to see when that could potentially be.
Peter Jackson: Yes. And while I'm not sure I buy into the downside range, I certainly spent a lot of time with the team working on models and making sure we understand how our business would perform in the event of a downturn that looks like that. We do think there's a bit of a buffer from backlog a quarter or so where we're going to continue to build out the homes that have been started and put under construction. Might go longer, could go quicker, but that's certainly a component to think about as you're looking at what's going to happen through the rest of this year. As you look into the future, though, you've got a couple of main components that I would highlight, right? So you're looking at those variables, it's starts, which we would expect to follow along with, right? We're going to move because we're in the main markets where starts occur, we're going to move with the market. Our margins, which are very much driven by both our product mix and the competitiveness and availability of product in the market; and then finally, lumber price is certainly influential. And we try and outline for you what that might go with -- or that might go to. Obviously, a recession would impact all three of those variables. And would really start us on that trend back towards our normalized margin level, a quick hit like that, something that moved very quickly, might put us under the normalized margins for a short period of time, maybe a couple of points below that, but we certainly think that's a reasonable range. It's a question really around what the regression looks like, how quickly it goes there and how resilient some of these markets and some of these customers are. But also keep in mind, we've gotten more mature and done a lot of work to improve our business in terms of the synergies, the productivity savings are consistently increasing mix towards value add there are all things we think we're going to be able to leverage quite well in terms of our results.
Peter Jackson: I will say we don't provide a quarterly split for base business. We think the annualized view is still the right way to look at it as it accounts for the seasonality and the comparisons, we think, in a more rational way. I can offer up that the fall through in the second quarter was about 2/3 non-commodity, 1/3 commodity in terms of what EBIT it is to give you a sense of the type of outperformance. Obviously, we're seeing in both categories. But how that reflects on the base business side and the base business material is in there. So, you can see our expectation for the full year.
Peter Jackson: Yes, sure. I mean I'm certainly -- I think the whole team is disappointed on the CapEx side where we've got a lot of really great initiatives that we're pushing on new facilities, trying to refresh our fleet, investments and a bunch of different projects that we're excited about. We've just struggled getting what we're looking for, whether it be buildings or trucks, whether it be development, the speed of getting properties ready to sort of turn on the switches and get things going. It's just gone more slowly than we anticipated. So, we're not looking at canceling or shelving anything at this point. It's all really just pushing out into next year. We're continuing to push forward and trying to make sure we have the capacity we need to meet our customers' needs. When it comes to the broader business, you hit the nail in the head. I mean, clearly, we outperformed in the first half. That profitability on the base business and the performance of the core operations critically important to that cash flow increase, but we also saw higher commodity prices than we anticipated. I think they went up more aggressively in the second quarter and probably came down pretty aggressively, too. But overall, it's higher than what we had been anticipating. And so the compounding of those three factors, we're going to pass that cash through the business. We certainly are excited about it. It does make an assumption, one that we've said repeatedly. And of course, people can have different opinions on this. But we do anticipate commodity prices returning to a more historically normalized level by year-end. So, there's certainly a component of that that's included any time we've given these guidance numbers.
Peter Jackson: And the thing I'd add to that is this isn't just an open a prayer. The LDR during the Great Recession grew our share of business attributable to trough and manufacturer products. So even during a recession that I think all of us anticipated is much more severe than what we're looking at here. The market continued to adopt these products for exactly the reasons that Dave mentioned.
Peter Jackson: Well, I'd tell you, looking at our balance sheet, as you described. We've got a disciplined approach to ensuring we have a bulletproof balance sheet, right? So our number one priority in terms of capital allocation is ensuring that we're able to withstand whatever comes. So, we run the, but the downside models to ensure that to ensure we've got proper coverage. The other point is that as it stands today, not only do we have liquidity, we still have a substantial amount of capital that's un-accessed on the working capital side that we could -- it's a cushion in case things reset in terms of the valuation perspective, but we certainly have more in our pocket as well, especially given the unsecured nature of our bond. So, I think as good as it is, it's even better than it looks. And I think what that does for us is it puts us in a position to be both selective but also aggressive as the opportunities present themselves. We've been very thoughtful about the way we look at M&A. We're disciplined about the criteria that we look that we look at, the financial expectations, the alignment with strategy. We're going to continue to do that. Even with that said, we've been very successful at adding very nice businesses to the portfolio. And we think there's going to be a lot more opportunity to do that and significant opportunities to do that opportunistically during a downturn, if that's the way this turns out to be. And let's face it, we have a high beta and we're going to be smart and opportunistic about buying back shares. We believe in it. We know our stock has tremendous value, and we're going to be smart about it and make sure we're allocating capital in a way that maximize the shareholder value over the long term.
Peter Jackson: Yes, there's nothing really to it. I mean we tweak it and adjust it to stay aligned with our core operating model. So, we try to move it. So, the two match up and minor things shift from time to time, but it's not signaling anything really.
Peter Jackson: Yes. No, I think it's a great question, and it highlights a lot of the work we've done to make the business stronger, more predictable. But it also reflects, I think, the still supply-constrained environment. I know all of us have had a wonderful time talking about the downside opportunities that this industry faces since the beginning of the year, but in practice in reality, we're still running hard to be able to deliver on what our customers need to continue building out these homes. So I think what you've seen in a couple of ways, I think probably the most important one is around the way we've changed pricing. These changes have made our results a bit more stable, a bit more predictable in terms of upside and downside swings in commodities and what it does to our profitability. We talked about substantially reducing the amount of fixed as we used to call it, price contracts. So that's an important piece of it, why we wouldn't see as much sort of constraint or reduction in gross margin percentages during inflationary moments and inversely expansion during the down cycles. But I think it's more related to the overall demand environment in terms of our capacity, getting products to the market, having access to those products in the first place and being very careful about how we manage that capacity ensuring that pricing is disciplined and that we're moving our product quickly and efficiently. I think those things really have come together to allow us to have a superior profitability performance. Although, we do expect some of that will fade over time as we've outlined and margins will normalize a bit. But I do think we'll retain that that more consistent, more predictable profitability profile.
Peter Jackson: But the thing I would add is I think this reflects how much the market is underestimating how powerful this thing is, right? We've seen the vision for where it's going to go. And these things that we're that we're rolling out right now, as Dave mentioned, are amazing. They're massive. They're unprecedented in terms of capabilities for this industry, and we're just getting started.
Peter Jackson: We're excited about this. I mean I think that the idea around not having all the capital that we want is really -- we're already doing 200 miles an hour and lapping everybody, but we want to do 210, right? We want to lap everybody faster on this stuff. And it's just disappointing it hasn't come in as fast as we'd like. But it's not going to hurt us. It's just maybe going to keep us from seeing the opportunities as quickly as we'd like.
Peter Jackson: So, the first quarter was actually satisfying the remainder of our synergy savings commitment. So, we've changed our language as we committed to do. So that first number was $32 million or $52 million -- $52 million in the first quarter. And then the remainder, the other $100 million that we're talking about is two through four and productivity specific, not synergy. So $60 million come in the back half.
Peter Jackson: Yes, I think the obvious one is that if the market for single family, in particular, stays down and doesn't recover back to sort of our expected low single-digit growth since '21 number by 2025, that would put pressure on our ability to make that tool. I'd say that's about it. I'd say all the internal operating stuff that we committed to, we've got line of sight to, we feel good about. But from a macro or external expectations perspective, that's the one thing that we count on.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean I guess the comments will sound a bit familiar, right? You're right, it was about 2/3, 1/3 in terms of the benefit that we saw in the non-commodity side versus the commodity side. We do think it overtime things are going to return towards that normalized 27% plus gross margin level. We don't think it's going to happen over a quarter or two. I think it will take a while longer for that to normalize primarily because of the same reasons we're seeing the benefit now. The primary reasons are around supply chain constraints around not having enough capacity to meet the demand and that happening in a number of different markets. So, there are obviously reasons for that to normalize. That will come through in the form of increased capacity from suppliers. It may come through in the form of decreased demand from the end markets. But we certainly think there is a permanent benefit in what we have experienced in the past couple of years as it pertains to our increasing value-add mix, the increased adoption in the industry as well as our ability to compete effectively in really successful markets around the country.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean I think the biggest impacts are from what commodities did and what the profitability did in the first half. We -- and you know this, Jay, we've been very consistent about it. We continue to build our models with that expectation of a regression towards a more normalized commodity price. And instead of progressing it actually accelerated for a window of time. So that benefit is certainly real to us. It generates real cash that we put to work. So that's a big piece of it. Our profitability is up, right? So that outperformance certainly we're very happy with, and we think that is going to continue to be a positive influence on the business as we continue to execute on productivity initiatives and things we're doing to drive that profitability, and that's another big piece. And then probably the least pleasant component is that $100 million of CapEx that we don't think we're going to be able to pull in this year just given the pace of supply chain issues.
Peter Jackson: No, that's the guidance. So $2.75 billion, I may have taken some liberty and round it up to $3 billion. We'll continue to watch, obviously, the results as the year progresses and if there's more there, I propose we'll deliver it.
Peter Jackson: It's about 1/4 between what the market moves at and what we would expect to flow through our COGS. On average, it's very open. It's a pretty wide bell curve, but yes, it's about 1/4. And I guess the answer to that is no. We have not seen any one cutting prices into this market with the exception of people who are following the commodity prices, right? I mean that is common. That happens all the time, good or bad.
Peter Jackson: Yes. We're just running the same play. We always do, Steven. Really, this is normal of for us. Just like normal seasonality, we continue to align our purchases with the inbound flow of orders. We maintain appropriate inventory on hand levels usually on a days basis, but really down to a granular level by market, sometimes by location, depending on the SKUs under consideration. Certainly, it's something that we were careful about from the perspective you can never run out, right? If you run out, it better be the suppliers but it better not be on us. So that's a requirement. That's a commitment we make to our customers and something that we work very, very hard to ensure -- but we're going to -- we're still running the same play in a down market as an upmarket in terms of how we think about ensuring the right amount of supply on hand.
Peter Jackson: When it comes to commodities, I would say probably not. I think based on what we're seeing in terms of performance of the business. If anything, it's more competitive, not less as things normalize, that's kind of our expectation don't see it eroding in a significant way. But yes, I mean, I think there's certainly an opportunity for increased competitiveness. If we're going to be competitive in any part of our business, it's absolutely the commodity space in terms of a gross margin normalizing more quickly than that.
Peter Jackson: I think I have a couple of different answers to that question. When we're talking about margins, I think we've been very, very clear that is going to return to normal over time. I think the other part of that answer though is really around value add. Value-add is an important part of the mix. Our growth is substantially higher than the rest of the business. And while there's certainly a gross margin component to that, we believe that, that is very sticky like Dave was referring to earlier and that, that is going to be held on to in terms of an important resource by the homebuilding community, and we're going to continue to invest and to be that partner for them. So, we do think that's sticky in the long term.
Peter Jackson: No. I think continued is a good way to characterize it. We feel good about July, and we're going to continue to be reactive and responsive, maybe better said to the market dynamics that we're faced with. But right now, we are hitting on all cylinders and focusing on our customers.
