David Flitman: Thanks, Peter. In summary, the homebuilding industry remains resilient and underbuilt, and we believe it will continue to grow in 2022 and beyond. Our momentum is strong. Our industry-leading platform is generating exceptional results, which we expect to continue in the second quarter, the remainder of this year and beyond. Our balanced capital application strategy is delivering significant value to our shareholders. We're committed to organic growth investments, tuck-in M&A and continuing to execute share repurchases to generate accretive returns. I remain optimistic on the prospects for our industry, and I'm highly confident in our company's ability to outperform the market over the long term. Priscilla, let's please open the call now for questions.
David Flitman: Yes. I think you're thinking about it right, Jay. We're actually not expecting volumes to significantly decline this year. As Peter mentioned, there's some comparison issues in the back half of the year. We may get -- we're hoping for a little bit of supply chain relief as the year progresses, but we're very confident in not only what we're seeing early in the second quarter. But to your point, given the backlog that's out there and conversations with our customers, the environment is going to remain robust here for the rest of the year.
David Flitman: Yes. Thanks for asking that one. We're excited about Hayden, and we're certainly excited about the work that we've got going on with our digital platform, and this is just great recognition of the work and the traction that we're getting in the market. Hayden is the largest customer so far that we've worked with on digital. They are the sixth customer that we have for Omni for homebuilders, but by far the largest at this point. And it's a really cool story actually. Legacy Paradigm had been working with them a year to 18 months ago, and they kind of lost a little bit of traction until our acquisition of Paradigm last summer. And Hayden really realized that the ability to build out this platform and -- with the financial wherewithal that we have and the investment we were committed to making in advancing digital is really what brought them back to the table and allowed us to sign this agreement with them. They also were a legacy BFS customer already in Idaho. So we've got a longstanding relationship with them. And so it was good to see that materialize into the signing of that agreement for Omni. So we're excited about it. To your second part of your question, we do expect things to ramp up. But as you recall, and we've said this the last couple of quarters and certainly in our Investor Day, this is a year where we're investing heavily in that platform to build out our capabilities for digital, in Omni and all the other pieces of the digital platform. And so as we would expect, we will see continued customer adoption of this through the course of this year and into next year. But that $1 billion of revenue is really back-end loaded, in the back half of that period of time and we said that from the beginning, only because of the digital ramp-up that we see coming over the next 3 or 4 years. So a lot of heavy lifting going on by the team. They're doing a great job, and we're excited.
David Flitman: Yes. It's a totally unfair question, but we'll answer it anyway, Matt. And I think you hit the nail on the head there. It's really a combination of both. And as we've talked for a long time, both legacy companies and this combination are really stepping on the gas relative to the value-add components in millwork. And we've seen great adoption. But also last year, given the supply chain constraints, we did see builders become a little bit more agnostic on the products that they have taken. And also what you're seeing in our windows, millwork and doors, this quarter in particular, things were really tough a year ago relative to supply. I would say it's incrementally better now, particularly on interior doors. Window lead times have come down a bit, but there's still quite a backlog. And in fact, some of these products that we're talking about here have actually inhibited the timely closing of homes, as we've talked about over the course of the last year. So I think it's a combination of both of those. But listen, I couldn't be more excited about the momentum that we have around our strategy inside the company, the way our team members have embraced it and also the way our customers are ramping up because we are saving them time, money. And labor availability will remain tight, and we think these products are very sticky. We've seen that through the course of time. And we think there's still a long runway of adoption ahead of us.
David Flitman: Well, I really can't speak to what our competitors are doing there, Keith, but I can tell you that the phenomenon that we're seeing relative to adoption is not unique to us. It is certainly unique from how hard we're hitting it from our strategy and the way we're investing. I think we have a leg up on our competitors with the capital that we can deploy, preferentially to value added. And we are certainly doing that as we are spending a disproportionate amount of our capital on these assets for both organic growth and as you've seen over the course of time here, the acquisitions that we're doing. And we will continue to do that through the course of time.
David Flitman: Yes. I think you'll see us, again, continue to invest heavily in value add. There are a number of potential targets still out there. Love our footprint, love what we're doing across the country, but we will take opportunities to strengthen the value-added side of the business differentially through M&A through the course of time.
David Flitman: And as I said, Ryan, all 3 of our operating divisions, West, Central and East, had double-digit core organic growth in the quarter. So to Peter's point, very consistent. Some ebbs and flows in certain geographies, but very strong overall.
David Flitman: And it is a disproportionate amount of the capital we're spending in total for the company into those value-added products.
David Flitman: Yes. Very good question. And we've commented on this in the past. I think the strength of our platform since the merger is enabling exactly what you highlighted there, which is we believe we're getting a disproportionate amount of share from our suppliers. These are long-standing relationships. And importantly, they're symbiotic relationships. We're equally important to our suppliers as they are to us, and we've got really good momentum in those relationships. To your point around supply, I think, incrementally, I would say, as I think I commented earlier, windows were slightly better than they were a year ago, interior doors, lumber is more readily available. But to your point, I would expect things like engineered wood products to be constrained in supplied for a long time to come. Exterior doors are still tight. Siding and trim are difficult. Some of that -- some of those products are even still on allocation. So it really is a mixed bag. And when we say we're incrementally better than we were a year ago, I mean exactly that. Some are better, some are no better. And there's some that are no better, unfortunately, we think, are going to be in tight supply for quite some time to come.
Peter Jackson: Mike, yes, it's a good question. There's certainly been a lot going on this year, as you know, the volatility in the markets, the supply chain issues, the ups and downs in commodity pricing. What we've been looking at is an exceptionally strong first half of the year. We knew it would be strong. I'm not sure we knew it would be this strong in terms of the dynamics. What we're anticipating is that the back half of this year, we'll see some normalization, that we'll see a directional trend in commodity prices back towards our long-term estimate around the base business, $400. Probably won't get there by year-end, but it will head that way. We also anticipate seeing increasing relief in the supply chain space. The interruptions we've seen historically due to the -- basically, the illness and the manufacturing facilities around some of the components we need to build homes, that's been improving pretty steadily over the course of the year. And as more capacity either comes on board or the supply chain stabilizes, we think that will normalize things a little bit in the back half as well. But pretty modestly, we think for the full year, the underlying market is still strong, margins will remain strong, but it will start to drift back towards a more normal level as the year progresses.
Peter Jackson: Yes. No -- but again, that's a good point that's -- that page is really focused around trying to layer on the impact of commodities over top of the core base business, right? So we did call up the base our -- both sales and EBITDA beat pretty handily. I think we beat by about 5% in terms of what we're guiding for the full year. That was really based on Q1 performance. So really, that's a really nice run rate in terms of what we've seen so far. That's the biggest kind of underlying factor on Slide 13 with the sensitivities. The only thing I'll highlight on that slide, just as a reminder, this is a -- it's a bit of a blunt instrument. We think it's handy. We think it's helpful. But just please remember this is a static commodity price snap the line. So volatility in commodity prices will move these numbers around.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Thanks, Matt. The numbers do include the components you described. We certainly have had good success in organic growth on top of our M&A work. As you described, there are certainly some inflationary factors in the market. Our guide for this year tends to account for them in a balanced way and kind of forecast that out. But as I mentioned, if we do see relief from the supply chain, some of that inflationary influence will start to dissipate. Timing is a great question, and we've tried to incorporate that the back half in a reasonable way as our trend is down sort of analytics, but -- that's really what we're trying to account for in this forecast for the remainder of the year.
Peter Jackson: Yes. We're really meeting a need there. The amount of stress builders are under to get homes completed, it's hard on them, right, with all of the supply chain disruption. So this is an area, by leveraging what we do best, that they can make their lives easier, they can be more efficient, they can be more effective. So it's certainly been really good momentum, and we think our positioning strategically, as Dave was saying, is powerful.
Peter Jackson: Yes. No, that's a good question. And it really does boil down to the dynamics, whether it's attributable directly to COVID or supply chain interruptions, post-COVID, combined with that demand that we're referring to in some of our scripted commentary. The push, the amount of interest from homebuyers and the resulting drive by homebuilders to meet that demand has really put pressure on an industry that over the years has just shrunken down its capacity post kind of the go-go years of the early 2000s. So getting to that limit of available capacity is, I think, in a lot of ways, just pushed us up the bell curve. It is what it is. We're responding to it and managing it very, very well, I think. Staying disciplined, disciplined in the way that we purchase, the way that we partner with vendors and with customers to keep the supply chain moving the best we can. But that has certainly created opportunities along the way to manage profits and to push through the product that we know we can get. I do think over time, though, that supply chain, that difficulty will start to release a little bit, right? It'll alleviate. And as more product becomes available to more folks broadly in the market, we do think there will be a normalization. So you're right, we have not updated our normal gross margin guide. It's still 27% or higher in the long term. We still think we're on track for our LRP goals, but there'll be some ups and downs along the way in our estimation.
Peter Jackson: Yes. No. Unfortunately, it's really just supply chain. We've got orders out for rolling stock and equipment and buildings and all these things we're trying to do. And unfortunately, it's just slower moving than we would have hoped. There was an article in The Journal yesterday, I think, about just how hard it is to get heavy-duty trucks. Lead times are long, and the chip and supply chain shortages in that industry have really made it harder on us. We're spending more on R&M, just trying to keep up with the units we have versus getting the new ones we would rather have.
Peter Jackson: No. It really doesn't. It's an endpoint target in 2025. So to your point, the path to get there I don't think is important. It certainly is informative as we go through this process that it's a base business guide, right? So all these changes you see in commodities and cash flows along the way, at least so far, have been incremental. But you're right, there's plenty of opportunity for us to move through unusual markets along the way to that ultimate target.
Peter Jackson: We certainly can. I'm not sure I can do it off the top of my head. We can cover it and give you sort of the bigger pieces when we talk or we can get back to you in an e-mail, if that's helpful.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So there's -- I mean, I'll say this the right way. We have certainly continued to see strength across the end markets. There are certainly regional strengths that we notice. I would say the central and south part of the country certainly doing the strongest, but all of the markets are up geographically. Some mix between products, some mix between what we're seeing in sort of the single-family core, which I think has kept really good momentum versus the R&R, which we think we -- I think we've seen some ebbs and flows. Whenever you see significant increases in commodity prices, for example, that can sometimes put a headwind on the total demand. But on average, in total, everything -- each one of the pieces and in total, everything is green and positive year-to-date so far. Good momentum.
Peter Jackson: Well, I certainly think they would take it if we could build it fast enough. The challenge today is really just getting the capacity on the ground and available to them to shorten the existing lead times. But it's -- what I think is important to highlight here is that it's really opened the eyes, I think, of more builders than ever to the advantages to what offsite fabricated components can do for builders who want to professionalize and be really good at their art and craft of homebuilding.
Peter Jackson: It's an important part of it. No question. We haven't broken out the PBM. We might at some point in the future, but it was meaningful.
Peter Jackson: Well, we certainly won't give a specific guidance like that, but I will say that our strategy is consistent. We're not going off script on this. We're going to prioritize investing in the company, making sure our debt is in the right position, making sure our investment in organic internal growth is right. We've committed to continuing to do smart, accretive tuck-in acquisitions. We're going to continue to do that, as you've seen. But we're generating a lot of cash. And we think our stock is undervalued, and we've highlighted that as a pathway that we think is a smart thing to do for investing.
Peter Jackson: I do think there'll be some normalization. I don't think we're going to get all the way back. There are certain products that will remain elevated for some time. Just barring a significant change that we don't really see coming, that would indicate that the other products would bring it down somewhat. But I would say at this point, no, we don't think that 27% by year-end is right, but a trend in that direction is reasonable to expect.
Peter Jackson: Well, we certainly have capacity constraints now. Our lead times are longer than we would like them to be. We look at ways to improve our ability to deliver to customers all over the country. They talked about our board feet per man-hour productivity metric, where we're trying to get the -- more production out of the same. We've talked in the past about adding shifts. We continue to do that. We continue to add lines, and we continue to add plans. So we're double-digit equivalent plans in any given year in terms of everything we're doing. But then that is -- that comes with its own challenges in terms of available components to put into that, the people we need to do that. But it's certainly a focus on meeting that demand because it's impressive right now, and it's something that obviously we do very well.
Peter Jackson: It's pretty broad-based. I would say the timing of different products and how they moved throughout the last 1.5 years have been varied. But I think it's fair to say that it's a pretty wide range, pretty broad brush increase in pricing that we've seen come through the channel.
Peter Jackson: Yes. Thanks, Collin. So the productivity is an exciting part of the business. I think there's a lot of history in our company at finding ways to drive improvement. And we think we have a real opportunity at this stage at our scale to really share those best practices and leverage people, process and technology to continue the momentum that we've seen with the synergy savings from BMC. It's a variety of things. It's process. It's redesigning certain things that we work on, but it hits a lot of different areas, right? It's reporting, driving over time. It's changing the architecture of certain organizations. It's improving our ability to optimize our tax rate. It is -- they're all things that we think are going to drive the business over the next long range of time. Good businesses do it regularly, year in, year out. And we certainly think that we have the capability to do it. What we're looking to do is make it a more normal part of our cadence and less dependent on big acquisitions to be a catalyst for that. So we did build a number into our long-range plan. So we certainly have accounted for that SG&A improvement in the numbers. I can be candid and tell you it's not equal to the 3% to 5% target we're going to set for ourselves. We're going to be more aggressive with what we push for. And we're going to commit to our long-range plan having a number lower than that, but success, nonetheless. So we certainly feel good about it, and we feel good about our track record and being able to continue to drive those types of improvements in a variety of areas.
Peter Jackson: Yes. I mean that's a good question. While we're not at all concerned with what we think the market is doing or where it will go, we're also not blind to the idea that this is a cyclical business at times and mortgage rates are going up. So we're going to fall back on the playbook and the leadership that we're so lucky to have. We have a lot of experienced leaders that have been through these types of situations before. And when we look at our ability to perform, we're certainly very, very pleased with our starting point. To be more specific, we are clearly a better scale, a more efficient and leaner organization. We have better analytics and a better ability to monitor our performance than at any point in our history. We've taken out what is over $500 million in costs as a result of the combined mergers over the last 5 to 10 years. Those are really important things to consider when you look at what our business will perform -- how our business will perform in the face of a headwind environment. More specifically, we have some really obvious actions, right? We manage variable expenses every day. And as the volumes of our business shift, we're going to stay very focused on making sure we're sized accordingly. At our scale, we have a lot of pathways available to us. We also talked about operational excellence and productivity. Those are important characteristics that we will leverage into any sort of headwind environment.  And the other factor to think about is that when we are investing in our company, the biggest investment we make in any given year is really about working capital. And that working capital that we fund as we grow this business comes back to us in those moments when the business sees downturn. We've seen it in past years. We've done a good job at it, and we know we can do it in any environment. That's certainly something that I think is important for investors to keep in mind, just how much cash we spin off in any sort of downside environment. There are more on the list of things we can do, but we're certainly prepared for any sort of downturn. At the same time, we're confident that the market is strong and our momentum is very, very good in this market today.
Peter Jackson: Yes. So the nature of our committed improvement in performance and financial performance when we did the Paradigm announcement, and subsequent to that, we feel good about confirming our estimates. That $1 billion of increased sales by year 5 is primarily driven by increased pull-through of what BFS sells. So if you think about what we're offering into the marketplace, it's improved capabilities for homebuilders and homebuyers to make the build process more efficient, right? It's taking plans. Having configurable visualizations is a powerful tool, especially when you link it to structural design. And that capability is unique and it's powerful in terms of what it allows us to do for our customers. It allows us to offer more options. It allows us to offer more value add. It makes us more efficient in our ability to give good quotes and be better partners for our customers. And it's just easier to place an order, easier to work with us when you're leveraging those technologies that Paradigm has developed. So that's where we believe we're going to make our money. It's incremental sales in those core business markets in value add. There'll be more. We'll certainly see licensing revenue. We think there are other revenue streams through the Paradigm platform. But initially, that's the biggest impact in terms of what we've committed to do.
