Robert Gamgort: Thanks, Sudhanshu. Five years out from having played a key part in creating KDP, my excitement about its future continues to build. Our performance track record speaks for itself. In the 5 years since merger, net sales have grown at a 6% CAGR and EPS at an 11% CAGR. We have generated almost $11 billion in cumulative free cash with roughly half redeployed to bolster the business through transformational capital investments and disciplined M&A and partnership deals, which further enhance KDP's growth profile. . We returned the other half to shareholders, enhancing our TSR delivery. We are looking forward to seeing many of you in mid-March and to sharing more about our go-forward strategic road map. KDP's priorities are very clear. They reinforce our role as a disruptive and dynamic force within the beverage industry and lend visibility to continued delivery against our attractive long-term growth algorithm. My confidence is made all the stronger, given the refreshed management team now in place with Tim's vision and energy already taking root and propelling KDP into its next chapter. Thank you for dialing in during a busy day of cagny, we are now happy to take your questions.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. All 3 of us on the call today have been very involved in the development of the 2024 plan. I think as we said right upfront, there's no expectations in the plan of any significant change in the macro environment. And we talked about our expectations around coffee being quite muted as we think about 2024. We focused our energies really on what we have in our control which we've talked about a number of times. I think given that Tim will be taking over in Q2 and he's been very much involved with the team in developing AOP, it may be helpful for you guys to hear from Tim about why we have conviction on the outlook that we provided today.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Chris, let me just give you just a bigger picture context on the top line, and then I'll ask Sudhanshu to talk to you about the margins. and it's all under that umbrella of controlling the controllables. We have good visibility on the margins. If you look at the very long-term trends on at-home coffee and single-serve in particular, you talked about is volatility. It was a situation where the category went straight up during COVID due to time spent at home and then it moved down from that peak. So it's been slow moving. We talked about it quarter-to-quarter. It actually hasn't been that volatile. It's just been slower in recovery than any of us expected. Just to reiterate a couple of comments about the category. We're not happy with the the pace of the rebound, but it is sequentially getting better. It is interesting that we're seeing this trend globally in nearly every developed market, any other trend that seems to consistently hold up is that the single-serve segment outperforms all other forms of coffee. And so we're seeing this gradual improvement, the untracked channels perform better than the track channels. And given that the pace of that, while sequential has been gradual, that's why our planning expectations going forward, we think are quite reasonable and prudent. Now that's an area we don't fully control, we influence it through our innovation and marketing. We do have a lot of visibility and control of the margins. So Sudhanshu, you want to talk about that side of the equation? .
Robert Gamgort: Sure. So we've got good experience now. in onboarding a number of brands. And I'm not going to recite all of the ones that we've had over the past 4 or 5 years. But the most recent additions, which have happened or in process of being onboarded right now, of course, C4 La Colombe ready-to-drink coffee and Electrolit. As we've developed -- as we've brought brands on board, we've learned quite a bit about how to exit them out of their current distribution system quickly and efficiently, and then how to onboard them both into our national account planning process all the way down through our inventory planning and merchandising and delivery at a store-by-store level. So we've developed a playbook that we use. It's the same team who has onboarded all of these brands. And when we are in a position where we have an agreement with a partner, we bring all the commercial teams together. We spent a couple of days and we have this down to really a science. The tangible evidence of that, I would point to C4 where you could see there was not only 0 slippage in terms of its performance during an onboarding, which is a fear in most situations where you're transitioning from one distribution system to another, we picked up immediately and improved the performance as soon as it came into our system. And you can see that in terms of increased availability, both breadth and depth of availability. You can see it in the merchandising quality, and you can also see it in the display and promotional activity. And obviously, those are all the leading indicators, the lagging indicator that's critically important is the share gain. So we have the same bullishness as we're bringing La Colombe up to speed right now. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Electrolit just started shipping through our system is going incredibly well right now. So I think we've got a great example -- many good examples of how we get better and better at that. In terms of what does the environment look like. The track record we have now of every brand partner brand that has come into our system that has seen a marked improvement in performance and growth and even brands that have been in our system for a very long period of time, our longest partner brand is Vita Coco and the fact that they continue to grow as well. has created a great sense of attraction for other brands who are outside of the system to try to get in. That puts us in a position to be very thoughtful and disciplined about where we want to do this. and also to be able to construct deals that are truly win-win over the long term. And we think the hallmark of this is that from an investment and growth perspective is that we're able to leverage the strength of the business improvement that we can offer partners to construct deals that are highly attractive to us, very capital efficient, give us exposure to higher growth segments and the proof in terms of the benefits to the partner or in the results that I just talked about.
Robert Gamgort: We've felt a lot of time studying the coffee segment since the COVID peak and then the anticipated recovery since then. I think Chris mentioned before that there was some volatility in the top line. I was thinking about this question, the volatility was really driven by our expectations of a rebound and are not happening. If you look at the actual trends underneath it, they've been pretty steady, unfortunately, on the upside, much slower than we had originally anticipated. I always start with the total at-home coffee category because single-serve mirrors that, except it just performs better than total at-home coffee. So there's nothing fundamental about single-serve. It's really in the context of total coffee. This is an interesting category. And similar to many I have worked on in my career. It's a universal product. It's a very high frequency consumption pattern. And in situations like that, you can see that minor changes in consumer behavior can really move the needle. And again, we're not talking about volume changes of plus 10%, minus 10%, we're talking a much smaller ranges within there. But given the size of that business to us, it has an impact on us. Mobility was clearly a factor that's not debatable. But if it was all mobility, we would have seen a faster rebound than that. And so as we go through this process of understanding it and our peers do the same globally and you can listen to their insights from their calls as well, you can see that there's really no single issue. It's a lot of little things that have contributed to it. And I think the best news in that is that as all of us in the coffee industry have done the deep-dive diagnostics to understand, is there something structurally that's changed? Is there a significant consumer behavior or perceptual change? I'm happy to tell the answer is no, that the equity and beliefs around coffee and the attractiveness of coffee even to the younger generation is as good as it's ever been. So for us, we keep doing what we're doing, which is driving the category through innovation and marketing. And as I mentioned, again, in my prepared remarks, we're going to be debuting some real breakthrough innovation in the near future. We look forward to being able to do that. And we're also making sure that we are targeting affordability in the short term. We know that there's quite a bifurcation in U.S. households. The higher income households are increasing their consumption of premium products. And so it's important for us to have premium brewers and a super premium coffee line because we want to be attractive and competitive with that segment. But we also know that the mid- and lower income consumers have become more value seeking. And therefore, we're very much focused on ensuring that we always have an entry-level price point brewer or 2 out there. We focus on the cost per cup and talking about that more overtly in comparison to the price benefit we offer versus away from home coffee and, of course, being more selective in targeting promotions and price pack architecture. So we're happy to see the improvement we wish in the category, which the pace was faster. We've taken very prudent a very prudent approach to our assumptions for 2024 to let that happen naturally and be able to deliver good results as it does.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, I'll answer the last part first, in terms of the cadence, you're seeing it happen, right? You see the sequential improvement on there. We don't have anything that would indicate that the continuation of that is anything but a good assumption. I think when you take a look at mix, mix, just remind you, mix gets very noisy when we analyze it quarter-by-quarter. There are a couple of factors in mix. On the brewer side, we had a mix scenario where we sold more of entry-level lower-priced brewers. We're indifferent from a household penetration perspective, but it does have an impact on the revenue side as you -- we say a 0 impact on the profit side of the business. . If you take a look at it within Pod, you do see that the owned and licensed pods were lower as a percent of total sales during the quarter and that the 1 licensed products have a higher revenue contribution. In our last earnings call, we talked about that the category had gotten a bit more promotional. It's not a surprise when the category consumption is soft. You can expect to see individual players promote more to try to gain a share advantage. Remember, we are really focused on category growth because we have about 80% of the category. So that's not a big of a focus for us. But when the price gaps become so far out of line, we have to address them on our owned and licensed portfolio. And we said that we were going to do that in the fourth quarter, which is what we've done, and it just takes time for that to catch up. But our expectation is that the promotional and marketing activity and the innovation activity that we put in place on owned at license will bear fruit for us in 2024.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. When we take a look at 2024, we're coming off of a couple of years of incredibly strong category growth that was driven by unprecedented levels of pricing and really healthy elasticities in the face of that pricing that's not a good expectation for the long term. So when we think about 2024, we think it reverting back towards the long-term patterns that we've seen for LRB in the individual segments. And that means more balance between price and volume mix. . Two specific things to call out when you think about our business with regard to 2024 and why we have confidence in our guide, and Tim went through that in great detail. But with regard to U.S. refresh and beverages, I would call out that partnerships are an important part of our growth engine. And you can expect those are -- contributed about 200 basis points towards growth as we think about 2024. And then the only other comment I would make is the phasing of the growth in U.S. refreshment beverage is slightly more second half focused, and that's driven by 2 things. The timing of Dr. Pepper innovation is a bit later this year. And you know that Dr. Pepper innovation has a material impact on our growth for our LRB. And then the other part, too, is the ramp-up of Electrolit, which is happening right now, and we'll pick up steam as we move throughout the year. but that's already a very substantial business that will be coming fully into our system. And as we've been able to do with C4 and other partner brands, we expect to be able to work with them to step up the performance to an even higher level, and so as that builds, that will have a much more significant impact on our growth rate in the second half of the year. But as I said, on a category basis, I think you should start thinking towards the longer-term trends that we saw pre-COVID and pre the inflationary time period to be a good guide for how we think about the category.
