Robert Gamgort: Yes, sure, Bonnie it is a great question, something we think about a lot. I think if we step back at 100,000 feet, and then I'll drill down deeper into your points. We look at - there are companies that fall into roughly three buckets. There were those that may not have been done doing well prior to the pandemic and they're doing really well during the pandemic because suddenly something was off trend became on trend. And it would cause you to say, well what's going to happen when things turn to normal, which is where you're going. There's another set of companies that were doing really well prior to and are struggling in this environment. And in that case, you kind of have to hope for a return to a future that looks a lot like the past. We're in a very unique situation here, and I think there are very few companies in this situation. That is, we were performing very, very well prior to the crisis. So we said a number of times, we don't see this at all as a windfall for us. We've been able to perform very well since the crisis, but we've had to work really hard to do that. And I think you'll see from the comments that we made earlier, that it is quite a mixed management exercise, we've had to push some areas of our business really hard. But I'll remind you, there are areas of our business that are large and profitable, that have taken a significant hit in this crisis that we've had to offset. And if things were to return more to normal, we'll get the bounce back on those immediately. But we don't expect into the future, we don't expect it to continue the way it is indefinitely, but we also don't think that the future is going to look exactly like the past. And so, we have the tools and the levers to pull, to be able to create a company that does even better in the future. And that's reflective of all of the innovation that we're continuing to invest in, and we're continuing to launch. And we're getting great retailer receptivity on all of that as well, because they're bullish about that future as well. So we're confident where we are and we continue to be confident in how we will deliver to the end of the year, as we talked about in our guidance and our commentary, but we're not planning on a future that returns back to normal. If it did, it would actually be good for us. We're planning on a future that's going to look quite different and we're navigating the company to be even stronger and stay ahead of the game.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, and remember, we have really good insight into this internally, because we have this household panel of 10,000 homes. We can see minute-by-minute consumption. And so we've been able to track the attachment rate change from the very beginning of the crisis. And we don't, we haven't talked about attachment rate in the past because as we said, when you guys have tried to model that, it's really steady. So the whole game is really about household penetration. And we've also said that volume growth in the category is a good proxy for household penetration because attachment rate is even. We're getting two benefits right now. We're getting new people coming into the system and to answer your question that sticks. And we've seen that for years now that when somebody decides to move from brewing coffee by the pot to brewing coffee by the cup, or in the case that we have right now, people who weren't making coffee at home, making it at home now using a Keurig machine, that's incredibly sticky with a dropout rate from the system is very, very low. The attachment rate, as we look forward, our belief is we'll capture some of that increased attachment rate going forward because people who weren't making coffee at home or were making it at a lower frequency, recognize that A, it's easy to do, that the quality has improved dramatically over the past couple of years. So for those that had a perception of quality, they're now getting a firsthand experience that the quality is better. And you heard from our innovation pipeline that will continue to go up. And I think the third part is, significant cost benefit to making coffee at home. And I think a lot of people, if you look at the research that we do, but also social media and articles that are written there are lot of people saying, I really like this, this is easier than I thought and I'm saving a lot of money on top of it. So we don't model going forward that we're going to keep all of that attachment rate, but we know we'll keep some of it. But the household penetration gains, we're very confident we keep the great, great majority of that.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, I'll talk about both of them. The cold side of business no, we're seeing actually pricing on average up as promotion is less and we're seeing no move away from brands to private label. In fact, in many cases, you're seeing that the larger brands benefit. And clearly, we've benefited significantly from a share of total liquid refreshment beverage and then we gained as I said, in the prepared remarks, 1.2 share points in CSD. So the brands and our brands in particular are doing very well in this environment. On the coffee side of the business, you're actually seeing a skew towards more premium brands in this environment. And I believe that's because as people trade off from making or purchasing coffee outside of the home to making it at home, they want to take their brands with them and the coffee shop brands that they can get now in our system, are skewed towards the premium end, so that's very bullish. And the other point that is worth emphasizing is that the cost of pods today in general, whether it's at the premium mid price or the value or entry level price point, are all down significantly versus where they were three, four or five years ago and that's intentional. That was part of our strategy that we talked about. We set off with the ambition of lowering the price of pods to increase household penetration and attachment rate and that's exactly what we're seeing. So I would have thought actually that given the some of the financial strain, you might see some trade down, which I would emphasize, we're okay with because we produce the great majority of private label as well, but we're actually seeing the reverse right now. And although I can't predict anything in the future, it makes sense to me with the change in behavior from out of home to in-home.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, so we have just given you a teaser on that today and there will be appropriate press release from them, because we're investing in this business in the next couple of weeks, because it's already teed up to go for sale in August. It's going to be available on - right now it's about 2,500 retail outlets and growing traditional retailers, as you might imagine, as well as ecommerce. What's exciting for us? Big whitespace in our portfolio, protein drinks. We don't want to launch a me too protein drink out there and so this one we think is highly unique. It's targeted to a baby boomer population, which is growing and underserved in this space and we think that all the new entries are going for a much younger population. We saw this as very unique with a very unique person behind it who speaks to that group. Uniquely, the structure is unique in the marketplace, but not for us. It's very similar to the deal that we did with A-Shoc where we put a relatively modest seed investment upfront. We help them with this business, although this business won’t initially go through our DSD network. It will go through warehouse direct and as it proves itself out, we will put it in our DSD network where it's appropriate. And it's got a pre-negotiated path to ownership. So we have the option to buy it at a point in time in the future if we choose at a multiple that makes sense. And so, it's the combination of all of those things that has us excited. And as we said, when we did the A-Shoc deal, we would like to do more of these. We see this as again, part of this ecosystem that we've created. We can create these win-win structures, help entrepreneurs and startup companies get up and running, and buy an option on them for the future and get rewarded for the help that we’re able to provide to make them successful, so more to come on that.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, we look at whitespace in our portfolio, and we could define whitespace very broadly. And again, I don't want to tip our hand in any way on that front. But just like you heard us talk about energy in the past with A-Shoc we just talked about, Don't Quit! in protein, I'm just using those examples, although they're relatively small at this point, that we're very clear as to where we have whitespace in our portfolio. And I think we're very creative in thinking through, how do we access that whitespace in a way, that's a win-win, meaning we don't want to just be a distributor, we've said that multiple times. And so, when you look at the arrangement that we have with Evian, which was a space that we couldn't access on our own, and then you look at the deal that we announced today on Polar which is very significant because it's big category, rapid growth, whitespace, we could try to invent it ourselves. We could try to acquire somebody in that space. But look Polar is a family-owned business. It’s a great brand and it's not for sale. And to be able to sit down with them who we've had a long and successful relationship with and come up with this win-win scenario, says that we can move forward in these spaces without having to necessarily buy something outright and we get all the benefits from it. And then if you take a look at Polar they get the benefits of maintaining ownership of the brand and experiencing now what will be a national brand for them. And with regard to specifically M&A, just a couple more things that we've talked about before that I would emphasize. We are very wary of acquisitions of highly developed businesses or rapidly growing businesses that have reached thresholds that are at very high multiples. We've said this before. We've studied every one of these. We cannot find one that has created value in the industry. It's happened within our own house right? We've talked about it and our Bai, it's good learning for the future. We love the brand, but the multiples don't make sense. And so, we are not going to fall into that trap. And so, we look at the possibility of filling our whitespace through the arrangements that we talked about earlier, which are seed investments, long-term partnerships, franchise agreements. We also look at M&A, but I will tell you what's off the table is going out there and making a very large acquisition a huge multiple because those values always get written down in the future.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, with regard to McAfee, that was announced in the beginning of the year. So that was always part of our 2020 guidance. And I would say that everything is on track there so no new news. So that's embedded in the guidance. Polar is something that will be up and going, but it's really a benefit towards 2021 rather than 2020. Both McAfee as well as Polar, there are investments that are required in the first six months to a year. So there's almost no profit impact on either of those, and again, we've said that before on McAfee. So I look at those as much more of 2021 impact. And the story that that comes out of that is, we are managing our way through the COVID crisis really well, and holding on the guidance. And we're doing that with what we have in hand, but we're continuing to invest in innovation and new partnerships. And we talked about a lot of innovation today, as well as these new partnerships, which really set us up for continued growth. This is not a short-term phenomena, this is something that we will invest in over the long-term. Your question about back half the year is a really important one, because we're one of the few companies that has provided guidance. And we do not think for a second that we can predict the future better than anyone else. And if you look at the Fed’s comments yesterday and they have better access to the economy than we do in terms of the data, they put a lot of caution out there on the second half. So I think, the important thing for you to take away from this is that we're not operating off of a single point forecast. We tested our second half plans against a number of macro scenarios and despite the fact that we think it's going to be bumpy and volatile, we feel like with that, that testing that we've been able to put out there that we have confidence in our ability to continue to deliver really strong revenue and EPS growth. So it's not just a matter of holding on to guidance, I'd like to point out to people, its guidance for 13% to 15% EPS growth and 3% to 4% revenue growth for the year, in a year that is unprecedented in terms of its challenges. It's because we're working against a range and not a single point.
Robert Gamgort: Yes I don't – unfortunately in this category, there's not an international benchmark that's very helpful. I think what you're seeing is that people love carbonated soft drinks, I'll put that in the broadest category, people like bubbles, and there are full calorie versions of them. There are low or no calorie versions of them using a variety of sweeteners and then there are unsweetened flavor varieties in there. And we're seeing growth right now across all of them. But the area that's really emerged in recent years and continues to be strong through the crisis has been this unflavored – I mean excuse me, unsweetened flavored sparkling water and I don't see any signs of that slowing down because it's representative of a shift in consumer preferences towards healthier, but also just less flavor, less sweetness in general and we see that in a number of categories. I don't know how high is high, but again, when you're looking at the growth rates, Polar in the past six months grew at like 25%. You're seeing explosive growth and we, as I said before, could have come at this just by an acquisition, we could have come at it by trying to develop our own brand and we thought this was the best way to go. This is the highest velocity brand in the category. They have one challenge, and that is they're only in about a third of the country. We can help them with that challenge. And so, we think taking that brand in partnership with them and making it national is the best way for us to leapfrog in this category and end up in a leadership position. And I would also point out that we've got some other smaller positions in this category, Canada Dry and Schweppes are in there. Canada Dry by the way in the Northeast quarter is a very strong brand in unsweetened flavored sparkling water. But we really are emphasizing Canada Dry in its Ginger Ale credentials. And you see that it has had 13 years of growth, with a lot of innovation behind it. And so, that's always going to be the focus on Canada Dry. We're not going to pivot that to a sparkling water brand. And we made an acquisition last year that we didn't talk a lot about of Limitless, which is more of a functional, sparkling water and I would just say more to come on that one. We haven't really put our game plan in play on that and we'll be happy to share that with you in the future. And we think that like many large and growing categories, the best way to access them is through multiple plays. But be clear, the Polar play is our lead one and we couldn't be more excited to partner with the fastest selling brand in that category.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, very good question. That has been strong and steady with no signs of slowing throughout the quarter. So it's not an issue like we saw in some of the other categories like fountain and foodservice where it was incredibly weak in April, and we saw a recovery by July. This has been strong from the start and persistently strong, we're happy to report. In terms of your point, which is very true, which is a lot of the traditional brick and mortar retailers were impaired. We saw a very significant shift to e-commerce during the quarter. And that's a combination of traditional e-commerce players. The brick and mortar retailers that you refer to some of them did a fantastic job of pivoting to e-com. And then of course, we have Keurig.com and in the case of our e-commerce capabilities, which I would point out again, e-commerce now represents more than 10% of our total company retail sales. We have such strong capabilities there that we were able to step in and actually fulfill shipments for e-commerce retailers who weren't able to catch up with demand. So think about the pressure they were under in the early parts of this crisis. Our brewer sales could have been higher in the early stages if they were able to fulfill. So we actually stepped in, and in a large number of cases fulfilled on their behalf and were able to satisfy the consumer demand that that was there and continues to be there. And the last point I'd make on this is, nobody knew what Mother's Day was going to be like, it's one of those classic holidays and where we think do we play in this one. We had a very strong Mother's Day. It was an e-commerce shift. People shifted towards things that they could get through e-com and also that were predictable, reliable, they knew that they were safe in terms of people would like them. And also there was a real shift towards more functional gifting. I think you're going to see the same thing at Christmas. Whenever there's a situation like this and people are also feeling financial stress, they tend to move away from gifting that's more extravagant to that which is more known and functional and the fact that we're going to be out there with a full lineup of brewer, our best lineup we ever had and some really good innovation on top of it, is the reason why I said in my comments that retail or receptivity around our innovation pipeline and total lineup for Q3, Q4 has been remarkably strong.
