Robert Gamgort: Thanks, Sudhanshu. Before moving to Q&A, I want to take a moment to thank Maria who is retiring in July after a distinguished 40-plus-year career. She will remain with KDP as an adviser through year-end. I know that most of you hold Maria in the highest regard, just as we do at KDP where she has been a valued member of the executive leadership team for the last 5 years.  Maria and I have worked together for over a decade, spanning 2 companies and countless deals, including an IPO. She has built a very strong corporate affairs team for KDP, and we are pleased that she will stay on as an adviser to support the transition to her successor upon hire.  We will all miss working with Maria, and wish her the very best in this next and well-earned chapter. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Okay, Andrea. Thanks for your questions. It's really 3 components, particularly on brewers now I'll talk about mobility-related pods and then I'll add in the last point about what is the away-from-home business impact on our pods business.  So first of all, in brewers, let me -- I always need to go back and say what we said essentially every quarter is, we don't see brewer sales as a good predictor of household penetration, and our primary focus is driving household penetration.  And just so we're clear, we said that in quarters where brewers were plus 60% or plus 35%, we felt the same way. There is an inherent volatility in selling small appliances that is fundamentally different than selling consumables. And that's why looking at out on a quarter-by-quarter basis makes that metric even less helpful.  And if you look at this quarter in particular, you're seeing a lot of disruption in retail. I'm thinking about one of our original retailers for the Keurig business actually went bankrupt. So there's movement in inventory, there's movement across retail channels on the brewer side, so it's particularly volatile.  Having said that, we don't believe it impacts household penetration. Just for perspective, we sell about 10 million brewers per year, and we add 2 million households. So there's a significant difference there that is representative of upgrades or replacement. And that's the piece that I think people always forget.  The reason that we're talking about brewers on a rolling 12-month basis -- trailing 12-month basis because that at least take some of the noise out of it and gives an accurate picture. But of course, we didn't change the metric. We're just talking about that, and we're still reporting the quarterly metric as well. So we'll give you both.  With regard to mobility, that has been the single biggest driver of at-home coffee consumption. And as we've talked about on the last call and still true today, we're seeing the exact same trend globally. As it stands right now, mobility, the run rate, if you want to think about it that way, on mobility is pretty steady. And what's happening now is we begin to lap year-ago numbers that also are more normal that will happen in the back half of the year.  And we've been saying that for a while. Everything seems to be on track for that. And other people around the globe who are in the coffee business are seeing the same kind of trends and saying the same thing. So I think there's a common view of what's happened with the consumer.  The biggest driver of consumption of coffee at home is time spent at home. It's that simple. And so that's what we're seeing happening right now. And with regard to away from home, when you see the total pod number, as you point out, it's a combination of at-home and away-from-home. And a lot of people do that calculation for attachment rate and they divide the total pod number divided by the number of brewers, that embeds the away-from-home number, which is really nothing to do with an attachment rate.  That at-home business, which was down almost gone in the early days of COVID, has rebounded, but we think it is lower -- it is clearly lower than pre-COVID. And we think that's the way it's going to stay for a while. So I don't think there's good news to come on that away from home. I also don't think there's bad news to come.  I think it's pretty stable right now, but it has been a significant drag on the business over the past couple of years. But it is on a -- if you were to calculate that and its impact on the attachment rate I described, it would give the impression that attachment rate is down just simply because away-from-home in total was smaller than it once was.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. And just to build on that one, but one of the points is if you take a look at how we're expecting sales for brewers to play out in 2023, it's going to be up nicely versus 2019 or you could pick a date prior to 2019, all of which were years in which we added 2 million or more households.  So one of the points we're trying to make on this is there were a number of upgrades and replacements that were accelerated during the pandemic cycle. You'd people spending more time at home, people were spending money on their home and also there was government subsidies as well.  But if you're -- if in the end, we sell brewers as part of household penetration -- actually, the household penetration is what drives brewer sales primarily. And if you go back and you check '19, '18, '17, the 2023 numbers no matter how you look at it, are going to be up nicely versus that. And we added 2 million households in all of those years. And that's the point we're trying to make.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Brett, just to clarify for everyone, the -- a portion of our Dr Pepper volume goes through Coke and Pepsi as well as our own trucks and then some other brands like Schweppes and Crush.  Outside of those brands, everything goes through our distribution system, and we cover about 75% of the U.S. population. And then the rest of that is covered by a network of independent operators, most of whom we've had long-term relationships with. And so we have always stated that we want to be a catalyst for consolidation on the distribution side of the business.  We think it is what retailers are going to want over time. We believe it's highly cost efficient. We also think from an environmental impact, taking miles off the road is a smart thing to do. Our way of doing that has been to consolidate overlapping territories where our company-owned routes match up against independent operators.  And we've done about 25 transactions over the past couple of years to make that happen. We think that consolidation will continue over time. We think that there is all the macro drivers that we just talked about and we stand ready and are driving our role as a catalyst to continue to make that happen. So, a lot more to come there.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. Sure. On our last call, we set the expectation for 2023 that brewers would be down modestly. When you take a look at it on a trailing 12-month basis, you see those kind of trends that we described here, down 9.8%. This quarter, as we said in the prepared remarks, was softer than expected.  And I don't take a look at any one of these quarters and project it as a long-term trend. And there's a lot of volatility in this quarter compared to a normal quarter, which is -- which has volatility. And part of that, as we talked about is retail disruption with regard to some of the specialty retailers being really challenging and one of them going bankrupt.  Having said that, other retailers will pick up the consumer slack and the consumer demand. And we will certainly be there in all those retailers. We have distribution everywhere. And a lot of this is moving online where we are very, very strong. And so as I said before, just like in quarters, we're plus 60%. We said don't project this quarter out anywhere that's the inherent volatility. I'm saying the same thing about this quarter.  With regard to brewers, I mean inventory, it's not an issue from our standpoint. We managed that very, very well. So it's not a negative. And with regard to second half margins, expected reduction of brewers is not a driver of our margin assumption in the back half of the year, that's not built into any of our assumptions.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. I mean the disruption from any particular retailer is not a major factor over the long term. The consumer demand remains. They just shift their demand to other retailers. And I said before, we have great relationships and great availability across the board, including e-commerce. We always try to work with retailers even when they're challenged.  And so in a given quarter, it caused some disruption based on shipments versus a year ago, et cetera. But like I said, it has no impact on household penetration nor does it have any impact on the long-term outlook that we have or even the annual outlook that we have. With regard to margins, Sudhanshu gave you the reasons why margin was on the right trajectory.  If you continue to look forward, I'll give you a couple of factors. One is the narrowing of pricing versus inflation as we talked about on our contracts with our partners. We have long-term contracts. We said a number of times that there is a lag in being able to secure the pricing versus inflation. So as time goes forward, we're able to do that.  And the other part that we talked about is productivity. Productivity, a year ago when we were in a supply chain rebuild mode, was a very, very low focus for us back there's no focus. We were just trying to get supply out there to rebuild inventories. Now that we're way ahead of the game from a manufacturing standpoint, it allows us to focus on productivity.  And then, of course, we talked about big structural productivity projects like Spartanburg, and we said that we view that -- it's been a delay, which has been challenging in the past 12 months and currently. But as you look forward to think of that one as deferred productivity still to come. So again, this is all about the narrowing of our cost structure, which is inflation minus productivity versus pricing and they continue to get more favorable as we move forward.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. Just to clarify on the pod conversation. The primary driver of pod volume is the mobility. And it's -- as I said before, time spent at home is the biggest driver of coffee consumed that no big surprise there, but it's a very direct relationship there. The run rate that we're seeing on mobility is relatively stable over the past couple of months, and we continue to expect that going forward. It's the lap versus year ago that becomes more neutral/favorable as you get to the second half of the year. And that's why we're saying in the second half of the year for all forms of adult coffee would look better on a volume perspective.  The unique element in your comparison to Q2, in addition to the mobility comparison, is we were rebuilding inventory after the late -- it was Q4, Q1 supply chain issue. And so we outshipped ourselves in the second quarter of last year. And we were really clear when that happened and that was the rebuild of inventory.  So that's why when we talk about Q2 being more challenged on a comparison basis, it's the combination of still the rebound in the mobility versus a year ago with this unique situation in Q2, which is the inventory build.  With regard to digital, we don't have a lot of time to talk about that right now. I mean I think it's a conversation for another day. We have initiatives across the board in terms of the way that we plan and run the business as well as the way that we identify and optimize our consumer marketing.  With regard to direct-to-consumer, we are -- we've talked before that we believe we are one of, if not the leader, in -- certainly in the food and beverage world in terms of direct consumer sales. And the technology that we continue to build on the Keurig side of the business, which is the connected brewers with the ability to understand consumption on a real-time basis, translating that into a smart auto reorder program is very exciting as we continue to move forward and build the number of households that have a smart brewer. So a lot more conversation on that point to come. I can't really do it justice in this period of time, but appreciate the question.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: Bryan, it's a great question. So you see Q1 operating cash flow is down versus a year ago, but last year, we had a lot of one-off items. So it's lower, mainly driven by those things, but also there is some timing of supply chain financing, we call it factoring. And this program was great in the beginning when interest rate was low, but we have a lot of options of our cash. You saw our leverage target is 2x to 2.5x. So we make the right optimal financial decision, whether it's interest rate, factoring also takes care of some interest rate is impact our P&L.  So we're making a lot of those decisions. Those are dynamic. But when I sit today, I still expect that we should be pretty close to our long-term target of cash conversion. I don't see an issue here right now, but we will be making these like dynamic trade-off decisions every month, every quarter, and we will update you more if we see something different.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: Lauren, this is Sudhanshu. The reason we did it to give you a more clear picture. In Q1 2020, you'll see the China started having locked down and then we saw the late March, there was some retail. So it was more to give you the visibility, but we -- that's the reason we did it. It's more because Q1 2020 had more noise.  So we just wanted to have a pre-COVID number. But we'll continue to give you a trailing 12 months decline. As you can see, this time, we declined 9.8%. So you will always have these metrics, but that's the reason because Q1 2020 had some noise, so we just wanted to be more clean.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: So Chris, there are 3 things that impacted in Q1. One was there's a narrowed gap between pricing and inflation. There was mix between pod and also the brewer sales. If you see brewer declined 29%, so it helps the margin and productivity benefit was there too, but that will ramp up more towards the second half.  So if you look at our U.S. Coffee guidance, we said roughly 1% top line growth and 3% to 4% profit growth. So you're seeing those leverage will come more. It will be more second half but we believe that the margin improvement driven by relationship improving between inflation and pricing, productivity and mix will help us deliver the full year number. So Q1, all those things impacted, but you will see this benefit move in the second half.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: So Steve, this is Sudhanshu. The reason we did this resegmentation, we didn't do it since we merged. When we merged, we were running the business the same way. But internally, this is our second chapter of KDP growth and we run the business, U.S. refreshment beverages, U.S. Coffee and International, so that's the region we're required to report results to you the way we run the business.  We also feel that U.S. Coffee will give -- people will get a lot more visibility because we talk about 2 million households, people look at IRI and channel data. So it will help more clarification and people can relate to what internal numbers and external numbers are.  Regarding refreshment beverages, you have the 3-year -- the 3-year margin and sales. So you can see from there that we will continue to disclose the key drivers of that performance. But that's the way we run the business. It's U.S.-focused. We're also taking noise from ForEx, we're taking noise from -- before it was Canada and U.S. combined.  So a lot of those things will help you simplify it, and we will aid you if you have any questions on building your model. Nutrabolt this quarter was minimum is help us. But for the year, as we say, depending on the interest rate we pay, interest cost and also the equity pickup we will take, it's marginal. It will see more improvement or accretion to our EPS in 2024.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: Yes, Kevin. So the C4 contributed to volume in U.S. refreshment beverages in Q1 and which we expect to continue for the full year. But the similar to other distribution partnership, we are not quantifying the top line contribution. As Bob said, we will call this out as a driver and you can track our performance in the scanner data.  It is a very small -- if you look at our $8 billion U.S. refreshment beverages, it's a very small. But we'll call that as a driver for you. And then once it becomes big enough to really meaningfully impact our revenue and profit, we will start thinking on how do we disclose it.
