Robert Gamgort: Okay, Chris. Let me start it at a very high level with the total category, because I think that is most important. We've clearly weathered a storm over the past year or so that's impacted our category and our profitability within the negative impacts were on at home coffee.  We saw this category decline in all forms globally. And to answer your question, we have seen that as primarily driven by mobility changes. This is the post-COVID recovery mobility impact. That's largely played out. I think, by the end of the third quarter for sure that will be played out. We also had some issues in terms of supply chain recovery coming out of COVID where it was a service at all cost mindset and we were also not focused on productivity and of course inflation.  And that was combined with the lag in our pricing realization. And that's when you add that all up, that's quite a list of challenges in our coffee business over the past year.  If you look at what the setup is right now, it’s much more constructive. We're seeing a rebound in category and that's largely driven by normalized mobility. To your specific question about away-from-home versus at home, wait from that hasn’t change that much, right.  If you look at office occupancy, it's pretty stable. It's improving very, very gradually. Over time, if that improves, then we'll get the benefit of from that on our way from home coffee business. But that's not something that we're banking on. It's really been an at-home coffee consumption story driven by changes in mobility.  So we're seeing is rebound in category. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we're seeing that pricing that we talked about that was lagged now flowing through the P&L and of course we're seeing a moderation in inflation and the combination of that is very constructive going forward. And one thing I would point out is that single-serve coffee has had and continues to gain share of all forms of coffee over this time period  In terms of our shipments below consumption, the best way to look at us over the long term, I am not going to talk about 2024 specifically, but our shipments share approximate category consumption over time. Our focus is on category growth. We have about an 80% share of all Pods that go through the system. Mix can change over time, but again we're focused on category.  And I think you ought to just think about category rebound as being consistent with how we think about our long-term shift and trends. But in the short term, we're looking at against a period a year ago, we were still rebuilding shipments from supply chain disruptions, so that's part of it. We've also talked about exiting some of the lowest margin private-label contracts and then we’ve taken some additional pricing on our owned and licensed.  We think these are really the right decisions to prioritize margin recovery in a recovering category, and that's what causes a little bit of a separation between consumption and shipments in the short-term. But there's no reason to think that's the case over the long term and really I would point you to category consumption as the long-term indicator. 
Robert Gamgort: Brian, on the two million households yes, still our target for 2023 as we talked about a number of times, brewer sales are really a great predictor of household penetration. So, the two million is still where we're trending. The one thing I would point out is, as you know, we are heavily fourth quarter loaded. Holiday season, gifting we've done well in difficult environments that – in a difficult economic environments around that gifting because people go for more functional gifts during that time period.  Our innovation pipeline, the promotions, the retailer support that we're getting for the fourth quarter, all was terrific, but got a lot of game left to be played in the fourth quarter. But as we sit here today, we are targeting two million. 
Robert Gamgort: Okay. I'll take both of these. I think it's always helpful and I feel like I'd remind everybody that's on many of our calls, but I do think it's helpful step back and look at the coffee category over the longer term that gives you the best context. It is always short term volatility, particularly in the COVID and post-COVID world. But if you go back and it's in our press release if you go back and you take a look at pre-COVID, 2019 to our latest period, the CAGR on Pods is mid-single-digits, CAGR on brewers, about mid-single-digits.  And so there is a lot of bumpiness and it's been tough for all of you to navigate through the pluses and minuses over the past couple years. But that context is always helpful and it always serves us really well to look at the longer term trends, which is this is a growing category driven by zoomers converting from brewing by the Pot to brewing by the cup. We are the drivers of that.  Our partners benefit from that. Our retailers benefit from that, so does Keurig, because we participate in 80% of those transactions. So, that's the most important thing for everyone to always takeaway when you look at any quarterly results on the business.  In terms of the back half of the year and visibility, it’s a really good question. The area that's been most challenging for us over the past couple years is predicting consumer mobility. And it's not a concept we even thought about prior to COVID. So be able to match up consumer mobility against in-home coffee consumption we had to learn a lot there.  And then also being able to predict it is really a difficult thing to do given the economists are having a tough time doing that. But I think that noise is largely behind us, which is the most important takeaway from this conversation and we should see a normalization in category growth, as behavior from consumer perspective also normalizes.  The one area where we have had and still have the most visibility to is our margin. And I know that's been another area where there was pressure on the business that we explained as we look forward and we understand coffee pricing in advance, we understand our pricing. And we also knew that the agreements that we had with our partners and our private-label partners, as well is that we have the ability to recover inflation, but it had a lag effect to it.  And there's only so much that you can talk about before you want to see the proof. And you're seeing the proof of that now flow through and we have great visibility to that in the back half of the year. So, put it on the table, our assumptions for the back half of the years continued slow and gradual recovery of the category in total.  We have and continue to gain share of total at home coffee and single-serve. And then an improving margin and that's driven by pricing flowing through the P&L, moderation, and inflation and our ability to focus on productivity now, that our supply chain is in really good shape across the board. Our customer service on coffee has been fantastic.  So, let me talk a little bit about refreshment beverages and it's a, it is a fantastic story that I'm glad you raised, because we certainly don't take it for granted nor should anyone else. What's been working for us is three factors. We've been gaining share in a growing category and I don't mean to make light of it because it's really each one of these is an important double-click, but it's driven by marketing, innovation, and really importantly outstanding retail execution.  So, gaining share in growing category is always a positive thing. Our pricing and productivity have been catching up to inflation. There was – we were chasing inflation for a long period of time. We were able to narrow that Gap. And I think importantly, consumer resilience has allowed the category to withstand all the pricing that was required to offset that inflation.  Now, last point is an area that we continue to watch very carefully. And we're seeing a general elasticity hold up nicely. But we're seeing some greater elasticities in some of the segments within LRB that we will watch and adjust to. But, if I were to summarize the cold beverage business, growing margin, and share, and growing category, certainly a formula for success. We plan to continue to do everything I just said, plus add new partnerships as we've done with C4 most recently and then more recently La Colombe. 
Robert Gamgort: Yes, let me reiterate what I said before, which is over the long-term consumption to people shipments. There's no reasonably will be different. As is often the case you see some separation between the two on a quarter-to-quarter basis, clearly, there is factor we had supply chain issues in which we were under shipping and we were overshipping to catch up on that.  What's happening right now in the back half of the year is exactly we said is we're seeing our consumption base is, slow and gradual recovery in the in the total at-home coffee category. Single-serve continues to gain share of at-home coffee occasions which is important. And then there's two things that are - couple things I should say that are unique to us as that is causing our shipments to be slightly in high consumption.  One is how we're lapping some of the year ago timing of shipments due to recovery. We talked about all the license pricing and we also talked about some private-label contracts that we exited all in the direction of making sure that we're rebuilding margin. And that'll play out. So, we had talked previously, about for the year coffee being about up 1% in revenue, and 3% or 4% in OI.  And if I look at the way things were playing out and it's hard to forecast it differently, we've got great visibility to margins. So we expect that to strongly inflect in the second half. And that's going to lead to accelerated OI growth. I'll talk about that in a moment. I think the revenue number may come in somewhat below that on a reported basis.  I don't think it's that big of a deal. But the other thing to think about though on the OI growth projection and even if that comes in slightly below that on a reported basis for Sudhanshu’s comments the without any non-operational impacts, the adjusted segment on an underlying basis is even stronger than we talked about before.  So, you add it all up and you say the back half of the year there may be some puts and takes here, but the underlying strength of the business is really, really improving. And anything that's off any of these projections is really driven by some intentional strategies we put in place. And then the last thing I would talk about our coffee margin is, there are four drivers of that margin which is pricing, inflation, and productivity and mix.  And clearly, we're seeing the pricing flow through. You ask about the second half versus first half. We had virtually no pricing coming through from partners and private-label in the first half. That's just starting to flow through in the back half of the year and that will ramp up. And yeah, there's some trade-offs in mix and some of the other parts on here, but we have good visibility to improving margin going forward. 
Robert Gamgort: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the opportunity for me to talk about the way - the way the system works. So, again, I go back to the very beginning and say that what we manage as an ecosystem that involves our brands, our partner brands and private-label brands, our retailer brands. And it's really important that retailers are considered to be a partner in this whole ecosystem, as well because, conversion of brewing by the cup are popped by the cup benefits all of the interested stakeholders in this.  Our objective is really focused and hasn’t changed, which is we want to have a growing system. We want to category to continue to expand. We want the dynamics of that category to be constructive for everybody. Part of that is managing our own brands which we manage very separately from our partners. So there is no conflict of ventures.  We manage those as a separate group within our organization that has no visibility into what our partners or private-label are doing and it allows us just to maintain focus on the category. For us, we see the opportunity for more pricing within our brands, within the category. If you take a look at our price gaps versus other forms of coffee, even though there's been pricing in the single-serve segment, the price gaps versus all forms of at-home coffee right now are the narrowest they have ever been.  And in fact, we do believe they are at a point where it's actually not doing anything to drive category growth. Partners and that includes some of our retail partners and their private-label brands. Look, sometimes they have short-term objectives that are more share-driven. So, we see some of that promotional competition and that shift share between one brand to another, but it really does nothing for the category which is our focus.  And so that's why when I take a look at our pricing, it comes back from being more restrained in the promotional environment, which allows us to protect margin. And again, if you go back to the highest level, the rational decision for us to make is to improve our margins in a growing category.  And then, you did point out something about if owned in license brands are losing some share it might have some negative in mix impact. Fair enough that mix is as great as some people think it is as we said before. But I would then also point out that we're looking at pricing inflation and productivity. And the reason that people should believe that we're not concerned about that that difference of share is the visibility that we're giving you two improve in margin going forward.  If it were a heavy negative impact on our business, we wouldn't be able to do that. So we understand all these weavers of pricing inflation part to be mix. And sometimes you have to trade out one for the other. We can do that for the long-term health of the system and the growth of the category, which is what we are focused on.  And then your last point is about destocking of pods. It’s not something that we've seen at retail and nor do we expect to see anything of that nature. 
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: So, Bob, let me take the first one. So Brian, no, as we have said beginning of the year, KDP is focused on delivering best-in -class CPG activity performance. This also includes our enhancing of composition of our earning profile. Last year we had a lot of non-operating item when we started the year with targeted 50% reduction, but as you can see from our first half performance, our underlying business performance is great. We are also seeing the margin recovery in coffee in second half.  So we have enhanced visibility. So we believe that now we will have a minimal non-operating and we will deliver a better underlying operating performance this year. This will also help us in 2024 because we will not have this roughly 50% of headwind from last year. It was roughly, I think it's more than $150 million, $160 million dollar.  We had a half of that was this year. We don't expect that to do that and that will help us in 2024 and beyond. So there is no change. It's just our strong operating performance that we planned all along. 
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: So, let me take the first one. First, I would urge you to think about back half in total with the cadence between Q3 and Q4 EPS, just the matter of phasing. Our second half growth is expected to be largely Q4 loaded reflecting the expected flow of investment spend and the cadence of pricing and productivity relative to inflation.  In forecasting quarter three EPS, last year, we have no non-operating items in Q3. We had in Q4, which we expect that to be minimal. But the reason we is modestly higher year-over-year. There are three key components. One is U.S. refreshment beverages. We are lapping the year ago pricing and we are forecasting heavier investments.  U.S. coffee positive OI growth as margin begin to inflect in quarter three and then more to come in quarter four. So those are the two main reasons mostly driven by our decision to invest more importantly. But I said, let's look at the second half and you will see that we have a strong EPS growth. 
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: So, it's a great question. As you know KDP had been a highly cash-generative since merger and we expect to continue to generate significant free cash flow going forward. In our first half, our cash flow generation was lower primarily due to two factors versus last year. One was the lapping on some discrete items and also our proactive choice to selectively reduce a portion of our supplier financing program in a less attractive rate environment.  The free cash flow conversion will be significantly higher in the second half versus second quarter and also first half, though it’s for the year, it will improve somewhat below 100% for the full year, but as you know, we look beyond 2023, we continue to target industry-leading levels of free cash flow conversion. So there's not too many changes. We are still generating a lot of cash. It’s a second half business. You will see it. But we are making some proactive choices with supply chain financing. That was very attractive in low-rate environment, but now it's not that attractive. 
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: No, so, we look at more of a – as the overall capital allocation policy as we came in, in the summer and we have our growth is. Our goal is to - low leverage, but we generate a lot of cash. So be make those decisions case-by-case. So I wouldn't say that supply chain financing will - the number will become zero, but yes, we're looking at case-by-case it’s a gradual and we are looking at the benefit of - its also has a benefit on operating income.  So it's – first, in the in the beginning, you feel the most pain is the working capital has a short-term pain, but in the long run, it’s beneficial and we make the right economic decision. So it's case-by-case supply chain financing is proactive choice. We are making the decision based on where we see is better economic benefit.  But it's a gradual and it will not happen everything this year, like we will not reduce everything to this year. It will continue for next couple of years. It will be a gradual reduction. 
