Robert Gamgort: We formed KDP in 2018 as a pure-play beverage company focused on the North American market. In the U.S. alone, there are 1.2 trillion beverage consumption occasions in play every year. Beyond population growth, that number doesn't change much, nor do the fundamental consumer needs for beverages. What has and will continue to change is which beverage formats consumers choose to satisfy their needs and where consumers purchase their beverages. Compared to 2017, we served an additional 6 billion beverage occasions in 2022 through portfolio innovation, renovation and new partnerships. By executing our concept of a modern beverage company, which reflects our holistic view of all beverage opportunities, we've been able to better satisfy consumer needs, leading to our accelerated growth rate. We remain excited about the significant growth opportunities ahead. In 2023 and beyond, we'll continue to leverage our business model to capture even more of the trillion-plus beverage occasions each year in North America. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Thanks, Chris. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've been in really an integration and transformation today, since the integration period or since the merger in 2018. That is complete, and we've moved from the integration phase to an activation phase. And so that causes us to think about how we build a company that is contemporary, as I said, with the current environment and also one that is reflective of a more mature KDP that can deliver consistent returns that are reliable by investors over time. So that's why it made sense to use some of these non-operational benefits in the past when we're in a mode of transforming, integrating. We're also delevering and investing heavily in the business. But as we look forward on here, we're making a significant step change in the use of non-operational benefits in 2023 actually beginning in 2023. And we're committed to continue moving in that direction in the future. So I think the most important thing from an investor perspective is that the $1.78 in EPS, which reflects the midpoint of our 2023 guidance is a good, reliable number that could be the focus of valuation.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Good question. Let me start with something I said a number of times in the past, especially when we've had quarters where the brewer sales were up significantly, and that is -- we're not in the business of selling brewers. We're in the business of driving household penetration. And while there is a correlation between brewer sales and household penetration, there's not this direct causation that we've talked about a number of times in the past. And what I mean by that is there are three reasons consumers buy brewers. It's a new household. It's a replacement of an existing brewer or it's an upgrade. And so there's a number of factors that you can see brewers sales down, and it has no impact on household penetration, because it means that somebody has delayed an upgrade, for example. So two things to point out in 2022 versus 2021, obviously, in Q4 is we were delivering 3 million new households in 2020 and 2021. So obviously, in 2022 with 2 million households, you would expect to sell fewer brewers. The other part is we have seen a challenged retail environment, and we referred to that in our script, particularly in specialty channels in some mass customers as well. And while we're working with them to continue to drive growth of the whole category and our brewers specifically. We also think it's smart to continue to look for other opportunities to pick up that consumer demand elsewhere, where the consumer demand is moving. A lot of that, as you know, is moving towards e-commerce. Having said all of that, I think your question on consumers making other choices. The reality of it is KDP brewers or cured brewers picked up share of all coffee makers and of small appliances. So it's not a decision to buy something in place as it, but there's clearly been some pressure on small appliances in general. And some of that is the rebound effect post COVID, but some of it is also due to some retail pressure that we described in the prepared remarks.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. As we've talked about our long-term target for household penetration is 2 million households per year. We actually delivered slightly more than that in 2022. We did deliver significantly more than that in the previous two years. All our indications this year is the $2 million is still the right number to assume for household penetration going forward. And your question about mid-single-digits going forward, absolutely where we are. That's what we talked about in the December fireside chat. We gave you the context of the long-term trends. And also, we looked at the first half of the COVID period and then the COVID recovery period. And how there's been some shift between there. But 2 million households and mid-single-digits is still we have in view.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. And look, we have good visibility, obviously, for the early part of the year and what commodity pricing is in the first quarter for -- from a coffee perspective, is where we see the highest inflation and then it improves from there.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. I think what we've talked about in the past is that we have a tremendous asset in our direct store -- company-owned direct store distribution system with significant opportunity to run more high-quality volume through that system. When we do that, you get to then you get the cost benefit, right, because you're leveraging that fixed cost against a higher base. And the second part of it is you improve your effectiveness, because what that allows are higher drop sizes and more frequent store visit. So the area where we've had the biggest opportunity was in C-stores. We're incredibly strong in large outlets, but our C-store business has been one where we have the most opportunity that's heavily driven by the fact that we had a gap in energy. And as you know, energy on a dollar basis is the largest segment within C-stores. So C4 is a significant step in that direction. And it allows us to really increase our scale in the C-store area, which has the benefits I described earlier. And we feel like we're just getting started on that. That business has a tremendous trajectory for growth. And as we talked about before, we feel like we're not done yet in that space or some of the other areas where we have white space in our portfolio. So much more to come there, much more opportunity in front of us.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Bonnie, what I think is most interesting is if we just take a step back and say, let's look at at-home coffee in total. So we're a leader within at-home coffee, but we participate in this bigger category. I think what's most noteworthy in 2022, is there was a volume decline in all forms of at-home coffee globally, and single-serve actually grew its share of coffee consumption in the U.S. So from our perspective, on a relative basis, single-serve continues to outperform within at-home coffee. But at-home coffee volume decline was about 6% for the year. That's pretty notable. Our biggest -- our belief is that the biggest driver of that is consumer mobility. If you look at the first part of COVID, as we talked about in December, you would see acceleration in attach rates. If you looked at it in the recovery period from COVID, you see a deceleration in attach rates. And what happened, especially in the second half of 2022 is that there was this global slowdown in volume of coffee that's driven, we believe, primarily by mobility, but on a secondary basis, it'd be driven by some elasticity, because there was significant pricing in there. Why do we have confidence in this is because the Keurig System continues to outperform year in and year out within at-home coffee. None of us believe that at-home coffee is a long-term problem. In fact, it has significant tailwinds. This is just an adjustment as people are spending less time at home, more time out of home. We know that the number one driver of at-home coffee consumption is time spent at home. And it's as straightforward as that, and we expect to see the recovery in the category of at-home coffee to occur as mobility improves throughout the year.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. The great majority of the pricing that shows up in our 2023 P&L is carryover from 2022, and I'll remind you that we took extensive price actions in 2022, and they did not flow through to the P&L all the way through in ‘22. So that's happening. We did take some additional pricing actions in the early part of ‘23 on our packaged beverage business to close some of the remaining margin gaps. So that will flow through as we move into the remainder of 2023, but that's all that we have planned right now.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: Hi, Chris, this is Sudhanshu Priyadarshi. Yes, you're right, we expect a substantial improvement in our gross margin, but it will not go back to 2019 level. But we said before, we would like to invest in marketing. So we will be reinvesting in marketing. So you will not see the flow through from gross margin to OI all the way. You will see some flow-through, but we expect that we should start investing money in our brands, and we talked during our December fire-side chat. So that's our plan. So yes, you're right, gross margins will improve. But we will reinvest in marketing, so you won't see the -- all of them flowing through to OI.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: Bob, I can take the -- I can take the marketing question. So as we've said, our marketing spending will increase in 2023, but our learnings and marketing returns will decide which brand and how much we spend. So we don't have a top term marketing target, we will watch our brand formal and elasticity during the year, and then we'll make the decision of which brands we invest in.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: So Lauren, this is Sudhanshu. So for Q4 specifically, we saw the pricing -- it continued to build, but still lag inflation, especially in the coffee segment. So that's the other issue. But our full-year inflation for last year was 16% that was higher-than-expected. And as Bob mentioned, during our script. So we've seen that relationship improving, but we did not see that in coffee what we were expecting in Q4. So -- but you're seeing that in relationship between pricing and inflation is improving. And that's the reason we are committed that in 2023, our gross margin will expand.
Sudhanshu Priyadarshi: It will be later in the year. As we said, we don't buy on part. So it takes six to nine months to see the price included, but you will see that in the second half. And I talked about that in my prepared remarks. So you will see that in the second half, you will see the improvement in gross margin more as we will see the benefit of commodity deflation -- not deflation, but moderating inflation on commodity.
