Tim Cofer: Thanks, Sudhanshu. Now halfway through the year, 2024 is progressing well and according to plan. We knew that our top-line momentum would build quarter-over-quarter and it has improving market share trends and strengths of execution should support further net revenue acceleration in the back half. We also knew that margin and EPS gains would be tilted towards the first half and we delivered. With 9% EPS growth in the first six months of the year, we have good visibility to delivering on algorithm performance in 2024 while solidifying our focus on the strategic initiatives that will fuel consistent growth over multiple years. Before moving to Q&A, I'd like to take a moment to recognize our greatest source of competitive advantage, our talented people. I am thankful to our 28,000 colleagues for the hard work and dedication reflected in our Q2 results and in the strategic agenda we are simultaneously activating that will benefit us in the future. Thank you for your time and we're now happy to take your questions.
Tim Cofer: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. I'd say - I'd start by saying we are pleased with our execution and our results in Q2 despite an uneven I think was a word I used earlier uneven or mixed consumer environment. And I think when you ask about how the categories are evolving, obviously, it starts with the consumer. And we continue to see, I mentioned this in our last quarterly call, we continue to see a bifurcation across income levels. So we're seeing the high income consumer continuing to be resilient in their purchases and their demand and we're seeing a low and middle income consumer that's under pressure and seeking value. And that manifests in many ways as it relates to the beverage industry. Consumers are being more selective around when they're buying, where they're buying, we are seeing a little bit more of the purchase in key categories around holiday periods, waiting to stock up for that Memorial Day or July 4th period for example. We're also seeing the shifting in spending to more value-oriented channels like club like a dollar and value. And I would say over the course of Q2, these dynamics became a bit more pronounced. But the way we look at it given our broad portfolio across liquids refreshment beverage is this drop creates both opportunities and challenges. And I think on opportunities I now connect it to the end of your question, I’d start with CSDs. CSDs right now are highly resilient and it's clear that CSDs continue to offer value to consumers. This category is outperforming even our expectations that when we created the plan for the year. We're seeing the robust category both on value and dollars and on volume and within that of course we're seeing a strong performance from KDP brands led by brand Dr Pepper which grew share again in Q2. I also think on the coffee side, while we are seeing a more muted total coffee contribution, it's a great opportunity to bolster at-home coffee consumption through value-oriented tactics. I talk about affordability as one of our three key tactics. Thanks to opening price point brewers, value messaging versus coffee shops which we put out there in Q2 and so on. There are challenges as well in certain parts of our portfolio and the one that I speak to is still beverages. I think still beverages and some of the other categories perhaps even energy that skew themselves towards C-Store, towards single bottle or can purchase, those were seeing a little bit more pressure. So that's how we're seeing it. The great news is when you look at the entire basket of our portfolio, I would say it is on plan and that's why that gives us the confidence that and the strength of our ramp in the back half around partners give us the confidence to continue to confirm MSD on the top-line.
Tim Cofer: Yeah, thanks, Peter. Yeah, I tell you we have good line of sight to sequentially stronger top-line growth in the back half in Q3 and Q4. And the good news for us is it reflects factors largely within our control. I would say it is not predicated on a need for a significant change in terms of consumer health or macro. The single greatest driver of that top-line acceleration does lie with these partnerships that are continuing to scale. Lead among them is Electrolit. Electrolit will continue to ramp in Q3 and Q4. We’re very pleased with the distribution hand over that we've had so far and that is continuing to ramp on a geographic and an account level and will be a meaningful incremental contributor in Q3 and Q4. Shifting to the coffee side of the house, I’d point out Black Rifle. Black Rifle is a new brand that we signed on I think I mentioned it at the tail end of last call and that will continue to ramp into Q3 and Q4. La Colombe is another that will contribute more to the top -line in the back half. So, partnerships is a big part of it. On the base business side, I mentioned some of our innovation, we're really pleased with what we seen on for example Creamy Coconut, Canada dry Fruit Splash, the Bai WonderWater restage and then we have more to come that actually will begin to hit in Q3, think core hydration Olympics sponsorship with US Gymnastics. We've got a big program for Mott’s at back-to-school, I'd say one of our biggest in years and I stand to hesitate to tell you about another season of Fansville. I’ve seen that the team’s work on Dr Pepper Fansville and I am telling you if you're a College Football and Dr Pepper fan, you're going to be excited about what. And I remind you we've got an extended season of College Football this year. So, we feel good about it. The last one I talk about is International. International right now strong double-digit growth in Q2 and we expect international to continue to be a meaningful contributor. So, it is not an easy operating environment. It is mixed and uneven. But we're confident about our plans and really focused on strong execution to deliver on our outlook.
Tim Cofer: Yeah. Thanks, Lauren. As mentioned, when we think about driving our coffee business, we're really focused in three areas, affordability, premiumization, and cold coffee. And I think those first two do reflect this barbell strategy as we've called it and the bifurcation we're seeing in across the consumer landscape. Your question primarily was in that affordability area and indeed pricing and absolute price and price gap is one element of that. I would say specifically to your question and how we're feeling on price gaps, we feel good. We feel good. The move that was made late last year did put us more at historic price gap levels. I do think as Sudhanshu said and as we said in the prepared remarks, with green coffee going up right now, it is a little bit at odds with the current promotional dynamic that's going on. We're going to closely monitor that and obviously take a measured and nuanced approach. But our affordability strategy is much more than that. And one of them is the down counts so that was part of your question as well specifically on two of our key sizes 12 count at Food channel, we downsized to 10 counts. That is done in terms of from a production standpoint. So you'll continue to see a little bit of that 12 count still out in the marketplace. But it's rolling through as we speak, some retail some channels are already fully in 10 others are still working through 12. We've seen a good response from that Lauren, in terms of volume response as we would expect and obviously that allows us to hit an everyday price point and a promoted price point that is more in line with what consumers are looking for especially at that low and mid income level. I’ll remind you that as you look at total food and beverage, 40 is actually a top five dollar per unit outlay because of its multi-serve nature. And these down counts 12 to 10 and then I’ll reference the other big one in the club channel it was a 100 count and that's down to an 80 count and that also allows us to hit key price points. So you've got the pack down counts. You’ve got the value messaging, I think In the last quarter Lauren, I remember you asked me a question on that and indeed we went live with that feeling good about that. I think that is very resonant and compelling messaging positioning our coffee single-serve at-home, the quality, the variety in a broader frame of coffee shop and away from home. And the last thing I’d point to on affordability is entry price brewers. We're seeing that we're growing the Keurig system within the total coffee maker category and part of that is entry price brewers. So that's the affordability. I will stop there, but I remind you and others that there's also a great premium strategy as well, as well as a big push into cold coffee.
Tim Cofer: Thanks, Dara. No doubt, at-home coffee volumes remain muted in Q2 and I'd say at a similar level to what we saw in Q1. I would also say it's not all that different from many food and beverage categories today. Importantly, within at-home coffee, the single-serve category outperformed as it has the last many years and did as well. We're feeling good about the progress we've made across a number of initiatives, the ones I mentioned to Lauren, affordability, premiumization, and cold coffee. But I think we have a - an appropriate outlook for the balance of the year in terms of expectations and our guidance contemplates that muted revenue contribution from coffee. In tougher macroeconomic times, we have seen shifts in consumption from away-from-home channels, to at-home channels. And that does tend to benefit our business on the coffee side, as well as on the liquid refreshment beverages side. Obviously, more of our business is in at-home business than away-from-home. So I think in general, if as we see that trend and certainly based on some of the actions we're taking around price promotion, around down counts, around value marketing in the broader frame, I think that conserve as well. You also referenced energy and let me give you a few comments on that. Energy in my view is a highly attractive space. It is over time, over these last many years consistently faster volume growth than really any other major beverage category. That is also the case on a year-to-date basis. On a year-to-date basis from volume standpoint, energy remains the fastest growing as it did in ‘23 and in ’22. Now within that, we have seen a slowdown of late and the volumes have moderated. I do think that is related to the broader macro and some of the pressure we're seeing of consumers, particularly in low and mid income energy obviously skews to C-Store. It skews to single bottle purchase and that’s where you're seeing a little bit more pressure in certain channels like gas and convenience. But for me, that doesn't change what I characterize as a constructive view on the energy category. Energy. addresses a clear set of needs for consumers. It occupies clear demand spaces. I think there's a lot of interesting nuances and opportunities within energy to build out sub-segments and you're seeing that today in terms of challenger brands that are coming in relative to the big large historic incumbents. And I look, tell you Dara that you that there's significant helpful penetration gains still for the energy category as it relates other beverage categories, think CSDs. Last thing I’ll tell you on energy is, we continue to be excited about our position with C4. C4 has strong momentum. I think in the quarter, our C4 business on a retail sales basis grew about 30% and at only 3% market share we believe we have meaningful runway for growth.
Tim Cofer: Yes. Hi, Chris. So, let's start coffee back half and then we'll go to ref bev. As you said we're encouraged by the slow and steady progress we're seeing. in K-Cup volume trends and I will point out that we've now had four consecutive quarters of sequential improvement in K-Cup volume. And we were pleased to see our K-Cup shipments stabilized in the second quarter flat - I think up 20, 20 basis points. So this slow and steady improvement trend is clearly there. There's always going to be potential for quarter-to-quarter lumpiness, but I would expect that the H2 second half pod shipment trend will improve versus H1 in particularly in Q4. And indeed, that improvement has been underpinned by the progress we're making in our owned and licensed business, the market share progress we are seeing I referenced some successful innovation, the work we're doing again in the three areas around affordability, premiumization, cold coffee. And a big push into cold coffee the back half. That’s pods, that’s refreshers, that’s also our new Brew + Chill brewer and that'll be the first brewer that actually brews out a cold cup of coffee. So feeling good about the progress in coffee in the back half. As it relates to refreshment beverages, I'm pleased with both the base business and the new partners. And they will both play a meaningful role in the back half. The ramp, as I said earlier will be more around what we see from partner contribution, Electrolit, La Colombe, C4, et cetera. And I think we’ve said earlier then on a full year basis we expect those new partnerships to add about 200 basis points to total company net sales and I would tell you we continue to feel good about that number.
Tim Cofer: Thanks [Indiscernible] As the pioneer here in the single-serve and the category’s steward, we're most focused on high quality activity should drive sustainable single-serve category growth. And that’s of course for us, but for all our participants and all of our partners in the Keurig ecosystem. And that includes our work on innovation, in consumer marketing, value messaging, both on brewers and on pods. That said, right now there are some promotional dynamics at play in the category and in response to that, at the end of the year and early this year we did take some steps to appropriately position ourselves versus competition. I think inherent in your question is this tensions leave all that. The building backdrop around green coffee prices is a bit at odds with some of the promotional activity and I would say over long term it does not appear to be sustainable. So from our standpoint, of course we're doing the right thing around striking that balance around protecting our positions and making sure that we also have the margin structure we need to continue to drive the entire ecosystem. Obviously, part of that is the way that we manage commodities and our hedging position which I think we’ve shared in the past, that’s usually six to nine months out. And so that means the higher green coffee could begin to impact our P&L progressively over the course of H2, second half. So, we're going to continue to closely monitor that situation. Our intent here is to responsibly manage our price gaps while also protecting our ability to fund high quality reinvestment to drive the single-serve category.
