Robert Gamgort: Thanks, Ozan. While we are very pleased with our Q1 performance, which followed a strong 2019, we recognize the need to make bold changes to win in this very different environment and we continue to pivot accordingly. As we look to the future, we don’t have a better crystal ball than anyone else. We built our plans on the assumption that the second quarter will reflect the most severe impact of home sheltering, followed by a gradual reopening of the economy starting in Q3 with offices and schools first. This will be followed by restaurants and travel, and still later, we’ll have large gatherings and events, most likely when a combination of testing, treatment and vaccines are available. We expect consumer spending to be impaired for a longer period of time, with the shift towards a value mindset elevating in-home consumption of food and beverage. We’re also developing our game plan for how to market and create demand for our brands in this new environment, where both the consumer and the retail landscape will show lasting change. The most important takeaway from this conversation, as evidenced by our comments on this call, is the optionality we have to successfully navigate in this changing environment due to the broad beverage portfolio we manage, combined with our diverse and flexible selling and distribution system. Finally, we would not have been able to deliver the Q1 results we share today, nor have the confidence in our guidance we provided, if not for the loyalty, dedication and professionalism of our team. Our front-line employees are executing exceptionally well at retail and keeping our plants safe and running, all to ensure our customers and consumers have the products they need during this crisis. Our team is demonstrating KDP at its very best. With that, we’ll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. If you look at the fountain and foodservice segment, as we described it in our 2018 Investor Day, right after we announced the merger, we talked about that being 20% of the legacy DPS business. And so it’s a smaller portion of the total business, all combined. It is a significant portion of the BC segment, and that’s why you see the impact there. And the numbers that are coming out of restaurants, which are widely available, explain the magnitude of the decline, combined with that exposure to our portfolio. So that’s really not a surprise. We do see it improving as the year goes on. We are – from a geographic standpoint, we are now really national in coverage. The legacy was that it was in Dr Pepper’s Heartland in the South and the Southeast, but not anymore. We really have national coverage. Remember, Dr Pepper is the most widely available carbonated soft drink in restaurants. And so as a result, we, by definition, have national coverage. We see the geographic SKUs based on the degree of the consumer impact, but we’re going to perform like the country in total on average.
Robert Gamgort: Absolutely, and we’re very heavily exposed to the QSR segment. And there’s some signs of that improving with drive-thrus, and we hope with a gradual reopening of the economy that’s going to pick up. But again, our estimation is the biggest hit will be in Q2, and I think we’ve modeled a very significant hit in all of our numbers to make sure that we’re able to pressure test our P&L to deliver on EPS and cash.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. The – let me just say, overall, the coffee business in the at-home portion is performing remarkably well. And I’ll reiterate something I said earlier, because it is notable. We are seeing a significant uptick in consumption per machine. As I said, that’s something we haven’t seen for a long time. And we have that connected brewer network, about 10,000 Internet-connected brewers to allow us to be on a real same basis of what’s happening. And it was really striking to see the tick-up happen in the first couple of days and it has remained at an elevated level. So we’re getting growth off of existing machine because of the that behavior. And at some point you could say, what happens in the future when it all normalizes? There’s a lot of indications that, that’s going to stick at a higher level than anticipated. There’s a lot of noise in our ability to read what’s going on with household penetration. And remember, we’re six weeks into it. And there’s great demand for brewers and there are other indicators that you could look at like search terms for coffeemakers in Keurig, in particular, being elevated. The biggest shift is where consumers are buying their brewer. More has moved to online than before. We’re seeing good growth in mass channels. But remember, the entire specialty channel where we sold a considerable number of brewers has been largely shutdown. So the demand for the brewers among consumers is very high. They’ve had to alter where they’re able to buy them. And as a consequence, we’ve altered our marketing vehicle more online and more targeted to where the consumer is searching. We’ll see how that shakes out over the coming months, as consumers know where to get machine that’s easier for them to buy. With regard to the supply chain side of it, yes, there has been some minor disruptions, but nothing that has gotten in the way of selling any brewers. Originally, we were – the whole crisis started off in China, so we were happy to be diversified outside of China. We’ve seen the crisis moved into other Asian markets. We’ve actually shifted a little bit of production back to China. And so, again, we’ve got a lot of optionality now that we’ve spread our production base to be able to react to that to make sure that we are able to supply the brewers that people want. And your point about innovation is absolutely right. When we were supposed to get together for our Analyst Day in February, we were going to show you the rest of the lineup for the year, not only for brewers, but for our beverage portfolio in total, which we believe was a very, very strong lineup of innovation. We did talk to you about the newest brewer that had just been launched, which was the K-Slim, about $100 price point, less [ph] for brewer, very different and upgraded industrial design. That was an indication of where we were going with our innovation. We’ll talk to you about that on our next call, because from an innovation perspective, we will still be launching our brewer innovation in the third and fourth quarter of this year.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. We’ve moved even more online, because that’s where the consumer is going to find brewers. E-commerce has been a real growth engine, not only on the coffee side of the business, but on the total beverage side of our business. We had always talked about at the time of the merger that because of the Keurig legacy, not only in selling within e-commerce, but having our own direct-to-consumer e-commerce site that we were well developed, probably ahead of everyone on e-commerce, that’s serving as well on the Keurig side, as well as total beverage side. So I think that the move online, which has accelerated dramatically in the past six weeks, again, a lot of that is going to stick into the future. And therefore, our marketing will continue to evolve. But it’ll always be a combination of mass vehicles to targeted vehicles. But as more and more brewers shift online, it’s very attractive for us to target to a consumer who was raised his or her hand and interested in buying a coffeemaker to be able to target them with the right message right the time now.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. First of all, coffee is not stocked up. Coffee is elevated consumption. And again, we know that, because we have access to our connected brewers through our household panel. So that’s the conversation we had earlier. When you look at elevated growth in a number of beverage categories, we had to make the conclusion, which of these were one-time stock-up? Which of these are ongoing consumption? And which of these are really categories will be off-trend? And coffee is clearly in the category of being elevated consumption. So this is not a stock-up behavior, but rather a shift in fundamental behavior that’s on there. The mid single digit that we’re talking about here is a representation of significantly higher growth on that, on the at-home side of our business driving that, offset by an office coffee business that has plummeted very similar to trends you’d see in the restaurant business. The net of that is that, we come out nicely ahead, because we have both sides of the equation covered. But it – but there’s no mistake that the office coffee shutdown or slowdown has certainly been an offset to the explosive growth we’re seeing at-home. So that’s the way that we take a look at coffee in total. Again, a lot of this behavior in the in-home side will stick. If we think that there’s a recession coming, we will absolutely see more consumption moving in-home, especially as people have discovered how easy it is to make coffee at-home. And that’s part of what’s driving the pricing trend that we talked about, as people move from purchasing coffee out-of-home to in-home, they’re bringing the premium brands with them. So the IRi or Nielsen numbers that you see over the past month or so show premium brands growing at a faster rate that value brands. You see great improvement in the trends in our owned and licensed portfolio, that’s a positive contributor to pricing. And then you’re seeing more of the category being purchased at full price, not waiting for a deal on all combined, that’s leading to a – an elevated price within pods. I have no idea how to forecast that for the rest of the year. What I would say is, as we’ve talked before, we have great line of sight to the pricing that we charge to our partners and that doesn’t change in this environment. A positive price impact, like you’re seeing right now does have a good profit contribution to our owned and licensed portfolio, but doesn’t have an impact on the long-term pricing agreements we have with our partners.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. The first quarter results that we delivered are reflective of everything that we said on the last call in terms of the sequence of timing of impacts. I won’t go through all of those, I think, it’s well documented in the earnings release and nicely covered by Ozan on the call. No big surprises in the first quarter other than we outperformed and we could talk about where that performance came from, but there are a number of factors. I would suggest that for Q2 and on that guidance that we gave back at the end of fourth quarter, it doesn’t even matter anymore. It’s a completely new world and it’s a complete reset of our plans than any other company operating in this environment isn’t looking at its AOP anymore. They have completely zero-based their budgets and they look at the new world, and that’s how we’ve thought about it. And so while we assume some gradual recovery beginning in Q3, those are the words we used, we have pressure-tested our P&L to be able to deliver in the priority that Ozan talked about, which is being competitive in the marketplace, continuing to gain share, protection of cash and earnings in that order, and we have every confidence in our ability to do so, otherwise, we would not continue to reiterate that.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. As I talked about before when I used the term that we pressure tested our P&L, is we put a base case out there. And anybody in this environment, who is managing to a single number forecast, would be fooling themselves, because the ranges are significant. Nobody is managed in a territory like this, where we’re seeing double-digit movements up and down across different segments. So everything that we’ve done internally is within a range. And so we look at scenarios in which the Bonnie’s question, the recovery is slower, and we look at other scenarios and what comes in faster. And so how you have to toggle all of these things are, as we said before, the at-home consumption is benefiting from work from home, but we’re getting hit very hard on our office coffee business. As we get a recovery and people go back to work, our office coffee business improves nicely. And one of the things we’re fascinated with is, how much of that at-home business will stick? And we believe that a good portion of that will stick and we’ve got a number of reasons to believe that, I quoted a couple earlier in the call, so I won’t repeat those. And so we think that that’s a win. If it extends longer, again, we’ve pressure tested ourselves, otherwise, we wouldn’t have the confidence that we put out there around the EPS or the cash. And so we would love a return to business as usual. This is not a – we’re not a company who has got a one-time gain from this crisis, who then is going to have to worry about what we do once things recover, we would like everything to recover. But we’d be able – we’re able to toggle the mix elements of our portfolio very uniquely, given the broad portfolio that we manage, as well as the cost elements of our portfolio that Ozan talked about to be able to manage ourselves to success on almost any one of the scenarios that we described. It occurs to me that I didn’t answer part of Bonnie’s question, which was about what do we think about down trading or a recession on the Keurig business? We think we’re set up really nicely for that. First of all, people trade from premium price away-from-home products, food and beverage going to the coffee shop to in-home during the recession, so we’re a great value compared to that. And also think about all the work that we’ve done to strategically lower our price, both on brewers and pods, you can get a high quality pod now for around $0.30. We are not concerned about a recession and its impact on the Keurig business. We think it’s actually a net positive on that business if that were to occur.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. We stay very close with them. And they are – the share growth numbers that I talked about earlier, our independent operator performance is embedded in those share numbers. And so they’re executing very well right now. It’s a challenge for them to manage like it is for all of us, but we don’t have any concern in their ability to weather the storm.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. We would love for the economy to go back to normal. People will go back to work. Net-net, we go back to delivering our long-term trends, where we talked about accelerated growth this year, 13% to 15% EPS, we’d like that world. So again, I would reiterate that this is not one that we view as more desirable for a number of reasons. Having said that, we’re in a unique situation. Now we’re able to satisfy consumers’ needs in a unique way in the moment in which they really need it. And that is, we’re able to take care of all of their beverage, their coffee needs in-home. They’re using our machines more frequently. And we know that, as that continues to happen and new people come into the system, which they are right now, that that’s going to be sticky. And so there’s a scenario as people go back to work, where they’re more attached to their Keurig machine at-home than ever before. There are more people using Keurig machine at-home than ever before. And yet, we’re able to pick up the office coffee business as well. So we’re very bullish, as you can tell on the long-term prospects of the entire Keurig system. And that’s why when you think about all these different scenarios that the questions are centering around today, what if the current crisis lasts longer? What if the recovery is faster? We can navigate through any of those scenarios and come out in a good place on the Keurig business. And when you look at the impact on our total company, that’s why we’re in a unique position. We’ve got a portfolio that covers almost every beverage need. We have routes to market that we talked about now for two years, where we can cover anything from a C-store all the way through to e-commerce, those seemed interesting at the theoretical level. You’re seeing that all play out live right now in this environment. And as it recovers, whichever path recovery takes, it’s not going to be a straight line. We’re very comfortable that we can navigate through that as well.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. You didn’t miss it, because we never have disclosed that and we’re not planning to. We’ve talked about 50% of our business on the coffee side being in the unmeasured channels and that includes e-commerce specialty, but also includes away-from-home coffee. And our share in that channel is significantly lower than our share in the in-Home channel. The office called is a very fragmented business. And all the – all of the exposure to these different channels that you guys are asking about, that’s all embedded in the guidance that we’ve given you for the year and also for Q2, which is more granular guidance than we’ve ever given before.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. If you take a look at the latest IRi and Nielsen numbers, I would not say that beverage demand, in general, is strong. I would say it is elevated in pockets and it’s weak in other pockets. This is a tremendous mix management challenge for everybody in, in the industry, including us. And that’s how you see that playing out in the Q2 numbers that we talked about before. Fortunately, CSDs are remaining elevated and we’re gaining share in that segment. We’re also gaining share in a number of other segments, some of which are strong like juices and juice drinks, and then there are other categories that are not as strong. So it’s not a situation, where beverage is so strong everywhere the people are pulling promotions. And so we’re targeting our promotions to the right areas, where we think it’s appropriate and there are other areas where it doesn’t make sense. So it’s – there’s not a big macro conclusion you can take out of that. On the coffee side of the business, there is certainly elevated consumption. And it is not a stock-up, it’s an ongoing piece. We’re continuing with somewhat of our normal promotion schedule, but what you’re seeing is the consumers also buying product at full price day in and day out, which is part of the reason, along with the mix towards more premium brands that you’re seeing pricing going up there. So I wouldn’t take any – the way any big conclusions on the promotional environment for us, at least, in general. I think in a lot of these categories, where you’re seeing weak demand from consumers, you’re actually going to see more promotion going forward. Take a look at the Nielsen and IRi trends right now, there are segments that are running negative for a consistent period of time. There’s a lot of incentive for players to promote in that environment. We’ve got good exposure and we’re managing it really tightly.
Robert Gamgort: I don’t know those numbers from five years ago. I’ve been there for five years, but I don’t really have a comment on that one, to be honest.
Robert Gamgort: But yes. So I think, first of all, we have got a really established household penetration base that continues to grow at a steady rate year in and year out. I think the second part of it is, when you look at consumer behavior during a recession, the first trade-off they make is out-of-home food and beverage to in-home food and beverage. And if you look at a price comparison of Keurig versus purchasing coffee from outside of the home, it’s a tremendous bargain. But again, the last time there was a recession, the price of pods were significantly higher than they are today. So all of the work that we’ve done to get the price of pods down serves us day in and day out and it prepares us really nicely to be recession-resistant. Similarly, we’ve gotten the price of machines down in some cases. In other cases, we’ve gone to more premium. So we’re able to fill a wide range of consumer needs there, and we have machines that are below $100, we have machines that sell for around $50. And so the thought of a recession and a trade down, I think, is a net benefit to us, not a net risk, as people move from consuming coffee out-of-home to in-home. And as we see right now, in a situation where people are moving their consumption in home, not only are they drinking more coffee, they’re actually drinking more premium coffee right now, because they’re filling that need for the coffee shop occasion that they’re not able to get.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. So just two questions for me. One is, I guess, thinking about the flow of 1Q to 2Q, I think, one of the questions we’re getting quite a bit this evening is just, it seems like previously that there were some sales that would have been pulled into 2Q out of 1Q. So, if we’re going through a reduction or a deceleration sequentially just what changed since there? So maybe I’ll start with that, and then I’ve got [indiscernible]
Bryan Spillane: No, no, I think so. I think the – relative to maybe where external expectations were, it’s really the falloff in Beverage Concentrates in 2Q…
Bryan Spillane: …that is going to be severe and probably is, again, just thinking at an enterprise level is what a lot of it drives the sequential change. So that’s helpful.
Bryan Spillane: And then just just one other one and related to Beverage Concentrates and the fountain foodservice piece, can you remind us how big that is as a percentage of the segment? And then also my recollection is that geographically, it’s a little bit more skewed to the Dr Pepper Heartland market. So as we’re beginning to kind of try to model out beyond 2Q and do scenarios beyond that, if you could just give us a little help there geographically, where you’re more exposed in U.S.?. Thank you.
