Bob Gamgort: Thanks Steve and good morning, everyone! The second quarter was one of significant progress for a company in a macro environment that continues to be challenging on many fronts. Broad based inflation continues to impact industry margin as pricing continues to increase, but it's not yet caught up to inflation. The good news is our brand strength has held up well in the face of new pricing, with modest elasticity impacts across our portfolio during the quarter.  With concerns having shifted to the potential for a recession, it's worth spending a moment on how our categories have performed during previous recessionary periods. During the last significant economic downturn in 2008, 2009, our lead segment, particularly carbonated soft drinks and coffee were among the CPG categories that held up best. These categories are true staples, with regular consumption behaviors and few direct substitutes, and they have the benefit from the trade down effect from out-of-home consumption to in-home consumption that frequently occurs during recession.  As we've done successfully in the past, we will continue to manage KDP against a range of potential macro outcome and believe that the all-weather business model we’ve created positions us well as we continue to operate in a challenging environment with significant uncertainty.  Since the formation of KDP, we have delivered great returns for our shareholders, with a four year total shareholder return in excess of 100%. Well above broad market indices and nearly all food and beverage peers. More notable is that these returns were delivered during our transition from a closely held company to a widely held one. With the public market absorbing approximately 675 million new shares into the fall, equivalent to $25 billion in market cap. With our inclusion last month in the S&P 500, along with our existing position in the NASDAQ 100, we continue to broaden our appeal.  Let me take a few minutes to remind you how the KDP business model creates value, and then let Ozan apply that framework to our Q2 results. KDP is underpinned by an attractive and competitive organic total shareholder return algorithm, driven by a flexible and scalable strategy.  Coffee Systems; our strategy is focused on attracting about 2 million new household every year into the Keurig System. While also driving revenue and profit growth among our 36 million existing Keurig households to new platforms such as connected brewers and new beverage formats and occasion. Given the size of the remaining addressable new households for the Keurig system, which we estimate at more than 50 million, we have line of sight to household growth well beyond the next 10 years.  In cold beverages, our strategies focus on driving growth in core brands through marketing and brand renovation, filling white space in our portfolio through internal innovation and external partnership, and enhancing the effectiveness of our omni-channel selling and distribution system, including our company owned direct store distribution system. The investments we have made in selling and distribution have built a stronger go-to-market capability that has a multiplier effect on our brand investment as evidenced by our consistent share growth.  In addition to our core algorithm, KDP’s extraordinary free cash flow enables the potential for incremental shareholder return through strategic capital allocation. I will elaborate on this later in the call.  Ozan, over to you. 
Bob Gamgort: We have built a business that has been pressure tested by macro volatility and prices, and has emerged stronger and nimbler than ever. In the past four years we had distinguished ourselves as strong operators, with the great majority of our team members solely focused on running the business with excellence. Value of that approach is reflected in our industry leading TSR since merger, and our attractive forward-looking organic algorithm.  We also know we have an opportunity to enhance organic shareholder returns through the strategic deployment of our discretionary free cash flow. We have a proven capability to build new brands and create exceptional value for KDP and our partners by adding new brands into our growth machine.  Look no further than the examples discussed during today's call such as CORE, Polar, Vita Coco and McCafé. Therefore it’s logical for us to consider M&A as our leading opportunity in capital allocation. We employ a disciplined and rigorous process in our deal evaluation, which balances risk versus reward and understands the true underlying value of any new business to us.  We also consider a range of structures to enable us to expand our brand portfolio with M&A being one, but not the only past the filling white space. It's no secret that historically when our disciplined approach has faced lofty valuation expectations from sellers, the outcome has been fewer acquisitions and more strategic partnership for KDP. We are good with that as we know that no deal for an alternative partnership structure is far better than an overpriced acquisition. The environment for high growth companies has shifted in recent months and we are encouraged with the conversations that we're having with several potential partners. We believe that our proven success in creating value for our partners, combined with a more challenging investor environment for these entrepreneurs has begun to narrow the bid ask spread. Time will tell if that improves action ability.  All potential M&A investments compete against the asset this team knows best, which is the value of our own equities. As noted in our press release, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $34.51 per share. We see opportunistic share buybacks and investment in our internal growth projects as attractive uses of our capital.  Finally, we believe the size of our discretionary cash flow, which is expected to be $5 billion over the next 3 years, distinguishes us as a unique investment opportunity.  Ozan will now provide some commentary on our outlook for the balance of the year before we moved to Q&A. 
Bob Gamgort: Yeah. I mean Bryan from our respective we've always focused on profiting cash and what we looked at in any potential partnership where there’s an acquisition or a seed investment is what's the long term growth of that business, and then in our business model, what kind of profit and cash could we generate off of that once we put it in place and have the synergies and access to the resources of those companies. For us, the valuation has always been based on long term profit and cash. Having said that, we were in theory competing against people who were just looking at revenue multiples, and you know as recent as a year ago we had conversations with potential sellers who are talking about valuations they were getting from stats or the fact that they could go out to the IPO market. Those are very different valuation models in what we're looking at. So as we said, we remain disciplined, we always have – we'd rather have an alternative partnership structure as we’ve done with Polar and Vita Coco and McCafé. We're up for acquisitions and we've done some of those which have performed well in our business, but we’re not going to overpay and we've never been caught up in valuing anything on a multiple sales. 
Bob Gamgort: Yeah, talking about the marketing piece, you know COVID forced a wide number changes in the way we do business and obviously I’m not going to recap all of those. Some of those experiences were good learnings that we want to continue in the future, some of them are saying, okay, we want to go back to the way things were. So I think it's really reset the level of marketing spend that’s required. We were all forced to work with lower marketing spend. It caused us to be much more sensitive about return on investment and dial up our understanding in terms of a precision marketing perspective, and I think the best evidence that we were able to do that successfully is the strength of our brand portfolio. I mean that's really where the proof is in the end. So for us it became much more a focus on which brands we want to support in the portfolio at critical levels, what tactics do we want to use, and then how do we use all of the data that’s now available, to be able to target more precisely and course correct and it's worked pretty well. As we say all that, if you think about the strat plan that we took you through in Investor Day, our long term plan is to continue and increase marketing over time. The reason is because we have more ideas for growth than we're supporting right now and that's a great position to be in, and so I think as we continue to whether all of the pluses and minuses of inflation and recession and the volatility over the – you know the past three years is nothing like any of us experienced over our careers, we will increase our marketing spend overtime. But as we sit here today, the strength of our brands really speaks to our ability to navigate this environment. 
Bob Gamgort: Let me just add one things to it, just as a reminder of a concept that we discussed in the past which I will admit is a bit complex, and that is the fact that our pricing realization on our P&L understates that gap between what you're seeing at retail and what we're seeing, in large part – not the only reason, but in large part because we're not responsible for the Green Coffee purchases of our partners.  So the biggest inflationary impact within coffee right now is the Green Coffee impact. Our partners take that on their P&L. We are just doing the conversion for them and so what happens is, it understate what feels like our pricing realization relative to the market, because a big part of the cost structure does not flow through our P&L. 
Bob Gamgort: Yeah, it’s means the good news is, as we said in our markets is that our coffee recovery was accelerated. We made an investment to do so. It cost us on the P&L to do so, but we're in a position as we exited Q2, where we have good inventories, full service to our partners and our retailors, and what that enabled us to do is to catch up in the second quarter on some of that missed opportunity in the first quarter, and so we said that we were going to be below consumption in the first half, and then above consumption in the second half. We’ve largely caught up in the second quarter as a result of that. So going forward our consumption and shipments should be largely balanced. 
Bob Gamgort: Yeah, I think on the M&A question, your point is correct, and that the conversation that we just had was primarily on portfolio white space, but I would say that our total landscape that we’re looking out across the whole M&A opportunity is portfolio white space, new platforms, geographic expansion and new capability that’s very consistent with what we talked about Investor Day, still is the case. And you know my examples of our two most recent small, but very strategic add-ons into peak is both filling in white space, it’s also Canada and we've got these great Canadian Mexican businesses that we can add to through M&A.  And then Tractor is a great example as well, because again it’s a while space yeah, but it really leverages new capabilities and new strength in our fountain foodservice business. We’ve got the capabilities that we can built with scale. So we look across that entire landscape and are finding that you know as I said in my remarks are in quite a few I think very productive conversations. 
Bob Gamgort: Yeah, let me start with the cold beverage, right, in terms of any trade down or any change in behavior, we are not seeing anything right now. I mean theoretically as we move into recession you would see small outlets, convenient channels being more pressured, gas prices always do that and you know you’d see more sensitivity around packs and sizes. But if there's any change its very, very small right now. So nothing that we would be able to report that’s concrete based on the data. It's all things that may happen in the future.  With regard to coffee, we don't specifically break out our away from home business as the side, but it's been a heavy drag on our business since the beginning of COVID. In fact we gave some to you back. We gave some very specific numbers about how much it was down and how much of a drag that put on our total growth.  The recovery on that has been incremental quarter-by-quarter, but we’re still well below pre-COVID levels on your away-from-home business, so that represents a future upside to us. And the mobility that I was talking about before is really people consuming In-Home versus consuming out-of-home, in other words like a coffee shop, and that’s still recovering back to the COVID levels, but it's all built into our expectations and all of our guidance reflects everything I just talked about there. 
Bob Gamgort: Yes, excellent question. You see that our capabilities here, we have a wide range of price points on brewers and we have a wide range of price points on pods and we cover the entry level price point all the way up to now Super Premium as we talked about on the call, dollar per pod coffee all the way down to entry level price points which is around $0.30 per cup. And the same applied to brewers, where we have brewers that are now around $50 right, they used to be below $50, but due to inflation around $50, all the way up to about $200 to $250. So we are able to take that range and have the right mix by retailer and target consumers with the appropriate price points.  The other point is that, if you think about these new brewers that we are introducing, that are much more capable of producing specialty coffee and actually iced coffee, we're able to deliver messages that you have a valued message to them. Because the price comparison between cups and ground is one things, but the price comparison between cups and out-of-home coffee is dramatic; it's 5x to 10x, the cost to go out-of-home.  So the more that we’re able to allow consumers to replicate the coffee shop experience in-home, it actually allows us a dial up that’s away from home to in-home value messaging in our communications is very compelling. So we have a number of options within our tool kit and it's exactly the way we’re thinking about it, the way that you laid it out. 
Bob Gamgort: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining this morning. If you do have any questions or follow ups, Chethan and I are around all day. Please reach out; we’ll be happy to talk to you and answer any questions. Thank you very much. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: As indicated in our press release, we are including our guidance for full year constant currency net sales growth to the low double digit range, while reaffirming adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in the mid-single digit range. We continue to expect adjusted earnings per share growth in the second half to reach the high single digit range, driven by strong performance in the fourth quarter, leading to meet single digit growth for the year.  Supporting this guidance, we continue to expect the following unchanged assumptions. Adjusted interest expense is expected to approximate $430 million. Adjusted effective tax rate is expected in the 22% to 22.5% range and diluted weighted shares outstanding are estimated to be approximately 1.43 billion, assuming no additional share buybacks.  Finally, given the current environment, I want to share some detailed perspective on our expectations for the second half. At this point in the year we are lastly covered on input costs and have good line of sight to price realization. Quarter four is expected to be the strongest of the year in terms of earnings per share delivery, while quarter three is expected to look much like quarter two.  The primary driver of the phasing of our second half results is the timing relationship between pricing and inflation. You will recall that inflation in quarter one was 15%, which advanced to more than 17% in quarter two. We expect inflation to be even higher in quarter three, largely driven by our Green Coffee positions. Because we are getting the benefit of more pricing in our quarter three P&L, we expect to offset this incremental inflation to deliver EPS growth for the quarter.  In quarter four we expect the rate of inflation versus the prior year to be roughly half the rate of quarter three. As a reminder, we will be lapping the significant spike in inflation we experience in quarter four last year and we realize the full benefits of pricing already taken, which will enable us to offset inflation and deliver margin improvement in the fourth quarter.  Finally, I want to acknowledge that tomorrow I will assume the CEO role of KDP. I'm honored to take on the leadership of this great company, including our 27,000 dedicated employees and I greatly appreciate the endorsement and support of Bob, our Board of Directors and our Executive Leadership Team.  Looking ahead, I couldn't be more excited about the growth potential I see for KDP in this new chapter. We have the opportunity to leverage all the progress we've made since the merger to further strength our brands, enhance our go-to-market capabilities, build our world class team. Doing this will enabled us flawlessly to executive our strategic plan, while standing ready to proactively capitalize on new opportunities that come our way and face whatever macro challenges arise, just as we did in our last chapter. The KDP team has distinguished itself as flexible, nimble and fast and it is these key attributes that will again differentiate us moving forward.  I will now hand it back to the operator for your questions. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Sure, thanks for the question Chris. Probably it would be verified focus on our own, let’s say owned and licensed products in terms of the pricing and how much we are seeing through the realization. As I was articulating a couple of minutes ago, we have taken a few pricing actions across our portfolios and in coffee, which is owned and licensed brands that we control obviously the pricing and the full – for the economics of it, including our brewers as Bob just that. So we have taken a few pricing actions last year which was in 2021 and early this year in quarter one and towards the end of quarter two as well.  And when you look to the numbers that we have announced for example on the quarter, you would see that almost 6% of the price realization that we have successfully achieved across our coffee portfolio. And when you look to the either IRi or recent data you will see several action plans that the other industry players decided to take place.  And when you look to the private label part, which is also important, but as Bod said, let’s make sure that we remind ourselves that we still produce for the most part of the private label category, that we also contribute to the economic benefits off that at the same time.  Private label initially was a little slow to take the pricing actions, but when you look to the latest data, it is – that path also has gone up. Therefore, overall we are very happy with the resiliency of our owned and licensed brands that have shown and how the consumption is moving across the portfolio with regards to the pricing actions.  And as we have seen, there are – besides the single-sever, the other segments or the sub-segments of coffee have also taken the pricing in line with more or less what's going on, especially with regards to the coffee bean prices. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: So, thanks for the question Brett. So let me take the first part with regards to the South Carolina coffee plant that we have been building. As we said previously, Spartanburg is now planned for 2023 and as a reminder, as we also spoke before, we begun in fact production of the cake-up on our first line in June 2021. But let’s make sure that this is a large facility that will take multi-year startups due to the several lines that we are putting. And as we discussed before, there was some slow ramping up due to 100% related to coffee – COVID, excuse me, issues that primarily our line manufacturer that ran into in Europe that we have agreed to buy.  Therefore, lowest times are being catching up as we speak right now, when we are still in schedule to put the lines, some of the lines into service, starting 2023 onwards, which was in-line with our expectations. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yes exactly. So it's important to reiterate what I just said a few minutes ago, that we are on the input cost size, we are largely covered for the remainder of the year, which we do also have a good line of sight with regards to the price realization, so these are three important points. And when we step back and look at it, because you asked the question on the margins, this is important in relation, the inflation and the pricing and the whole productivity equation. In quarter one, inflation came in at 15%. As we just spoke, quarter two inflation came in at 17% and we also expect quarter three to be the, to be a little higher than in quarter two. So we are getting a more pricing benefit in Q3 due to the actions that we have successfully implemented, that would be – that would help us to offset these further inflation headwinds that we are expecting to happen in our business.  At the same time, we also expect quarter four inflation to be more or less half rate versus what we have seen in Q3 versus last year. Why? Because last year in quarter four, in 2021 we have seen a significant spike across the board in most of our input costs that drove a big inflationary number, so we are lapping against that one. So that’s very important to figure that out as well.  So what does this leave us? This leaves us that we will realize the full benefits of pricing that we have already taken, which will enable us to offset the inflation and the deliver the margin growth in quarter four. That would be our expectations in order to sum up by second half, as well as they split it in quarter three and the quarter four. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: No, hi Steve! Let me take the Beverage Concentrates unit specific trade accrual question. First of all, it would be helpful to talk about that. The trade accruals are basically part of our normal daily lives. Some quarter is plus, some quarter is negative. And obviously we do our best in order to estimate as close as possible, but as you know, because of all these ever changing macroeconomic situations, really making it difficult to get almost 100% procession, first of all that’s the reason of the trade accrual. And the trade accrual timing also accounted, let’s say for more than or around half of the price realization that we have experienced in quarter two and as we have seen in our numbers.  Do we expect this to trade, to come back as a negative in the other quarters? No, absolutely that's not the expectation or that’s not the reality of what's going to happen. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yeah, good morning, Robert. So let me take the CFO part and a couple of follow-up to your questions on that line. First of all, we are aware, we wanted to be with regards to the CFO search, and as we said before, we are looking forward to recruit a world class CFO that not only will manage the today’s complexity and the size of our business for the – but for also the future that we are building, the modern beverage company. So that’s important and it’s going well.  At the same time, I am also happy to say and we are fortunate to have a deep bench of talent and have a very skilled and experience executive. In fact George is sitting next to me today on this call, and George Lagoudakis as we have announced publicly stepping in on as Interim CFO. So that’s very important to note. So there in no any gap and we carry the experience, as well as the necessary knowledge to perform the duties without creating any gap.  With regards to the other positions that we may be looking for, as well as the internal promotions that took place, at this point in time lets be clear on one thing; we do not have any open position. We have people on the jobs that we will be either looking for external or the promotions that took place on an internal basis, and there will be a healthy handle where when we have the external candidates in place. So it's not a situation that someone left the positions open and we are looking to recruit externally. So that's important to make sure that the continuity is 100% there. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: I mean it is – absolutely, I agree with you. It is important to focus on the CFO and the necessary credentials and the knowledge and the experience, but there's also another factor that we should not forget, which would be the overall financing team that supports the CFO. When we step back and look at it to the several, the several finance leadership team executives that we have KDP today, all those roles being occupied and serviced by the really world class expertise.  Therefore we do have a very strong finance team below the CFO, which definitely helpful to perform the CFO activities, and we are not necessarily looking for to grab or find one specific expertise. What matters for us is to be able to operate on a cross functional basis across our company, and most importantly contribute to the growth agenda of our company that we are very excited given all the opportunities that lie ahead of us. 
A - Bob Gamgort: Yeah, so the first part is household penetration is the biggest driver of growth in our coffee system more than attachment rate. So as we’ve talked about, we had 3 million households per year for the past two years. We saw that as above our long term trend of 2 million households and so our expectation you know continues to be that 2 million is the right growth rate for us on household penetration.  Attachment rate has been remarkably consistent over the long term. The only difference is during COVID we saw an increase in attachment rate that has been working down gradually from that peak to pre-COVID levels, and there's a little bit of noise even in this quarter of a bigger re-opening where people are going out of homes, and that's actually been – as strong as our business has been, that's actually been a negative factor that's been weighing against our strong growth that we've had and that's just about – in our opinion that’s just about done. We're almost back to fully open. Interestingly the one area that hasn’t reopened fully are offices, and so still in front of us is the opportunity to recapture even more growth in our office coffee business. With regard to tradeoffs, we have studied this a number of different ways and I referenced in our prepared remarks that we went back and looked at the last recession across all CPG categories. Coffee and CSDs are among the most resilient if not the most resilient in all of CPG for the reasons that I talked about, and we don't see any tradeoff in between coffee, forms of coffee within the home.  You see over the quarter, a slight increase in private label pods, and some reduction in premium pods. If you recall during COVID the reverse is true. So it's almost a reversion back to the long term trends, and even if that does happen, remember, we make the great majority of private label pods, so this is a business that’s well protected against all forms within single-serve and honestly, we do not see tradeoffs between other forms of coffee. And if there is a real recessionary impact, we know that people go from out-of-home consumption to in-home consumption, which would be a net positive for us. 
A - Bob Gamgort: Yeah, let me start with the last part, because that is the most important part, which is household penetration, and it feels like every year we get asked questions about why this is the year we can't do 2 million households. And so I would say there's no indication, whether it's COVID, COVID recovery, recession, inflationary environment that our ability to add 2 million households per year is very steady, its strong and we have a ton of confidence in that, and that leads us to more than 10 years of household penetration growth at the size of the available market, so that area I think we're in good shape on. The second point I would make and we say this even when we have incredibly strong brewer sales quarters. The correlation between brewer sales and household penetration is loose. There's some correlation over time; it's not what you might think, and clearly on a quarter-to- quarter basis there's zero correlation. And we did point out just last year, we added 3 million new households to the system and we sold more than 11 million brewers. That tells you that the majority of brewers sold are replacements or upgrades and we certainly have been giving people reason to upgrade with the addition of new features and benefits and new design. So with that in context, when we said 3 million household a year ago, 2 million this year, 11 million brewers a year ago, year-to-date our brewer sales are down approximately 5%, and we’re up on a two year basis or at the same time period in the 30% to 40% range.  You know we're taking pricing on brewers, but we see inflation there like everything else. Would I expect some elasticity effect? Definitely! But I see it not impacting household penetration. I see it as impacting some of the upgrade cycles, which we’re perfectly fine with. As you know we don't really make money on brewers. It's really in service and household penetration and coffee consumption, so all of our core assumptions are very much intact. 
A - Bob Gamgort: Yeah, it is definitely an issue, and as you know the shift in consumer behavior caught many of them by surprise and so they are overstocked with goods that have long lead times that are not selling, but we're in a category that sells incredibly well. As I said, we're talking about 5% volume change off of 11 million units. This is still a very good growth and profit opportunity. Again, most of the brewers – most of the retailers that sell brewers also sell pods and they know that every time they convert household over from drip coffee maker to single-serve, the great majority of those future pod purchases go to the retailer who sold the brewers, and is a significant trade up in profitability for them. So this is not the area they are looking to cut back on the inventory right now. This is one – still one of the best growth and profit drivers in their entire store, but this is not where they are focusing. 
