Ozan Dokmecioglu: Good morning, Bryan. In short, yes, the answer to your question; right now for this year as we announce the conversion ratio is 130. Of course there are lots of puts and takes and as we discussed before, our effective working capital management was the main of getting over 100 but we still have continuation of our program into 2020 as well as 2021 and we are also as we always do after seeing the opportunities and explode the new initiatives which we expect actually our conversion ratio to be closer to around give-and-take 100% conversion. And if you can do better of course we will do better, but the conversion ratio will be high in the upcoming two years.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Sure, you're referring to the waterfall that we showed in the investor day, where we identify the opportunity to convert households in the range about 60 million households will be converted. And then we go built on that, show the research as to why people who theoretically should be in a single serve Coffee System warrant. And then we redesigned our brewers, and our marketing plans to specifically go after those barriers. So job one, if you go back probably your job one was to, increase the quality of the brewers, hit the right price points, and then begin to add features. And as you accurately point out, we've been ticking off many of those opportunities, modernizing the look, going in the specialty beverages with the K-Café and now very importantly, going after one of the biggest barriers is the ability to produce the large batch of coffee with K-Duo. So I would tell you as we sit here today, the quality of the brewers is up significantly, you don't have to take my word for you can just look at the star ratings online. We’ve been able to feel out a lot of the basics, hitting the lower end price points. We’re now moving the higher end as well and then filling out most of the functionality that we talked about. And so we’re really happy and that’s what’s driving the strong household penetration that we continue to experience, but we’ve got a great pipeline still ahead. There is still a lot of white space to feel in between all of those and there are new features and benefits that we can add to existing brewers to make them even more interesting that will share with you in the coming months. So, we feel like we got the basics in place, but a lot of upside still left. And then I would also remind you that there are drivers of household penetration that aren’t directly connected to the brewers and one of the biggest is having a recyclable pot. And so that being implemented as we speak and we’ll be completed by the end of 2020. And just give you one final point, we get a lot of question of where you have launched our grower so you got everybody, so you’re going to get base on that into system. It takes time. People don’t typically replace their brewer until their current brewer breaks. And so, we have to layer on lots of different features and benefit to get people and it really is a slower build and one might think. But it’s all moving in that direction and that gives us line of sight to growing household penetration for quite a long-term.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Sure. So, we are on track with our expectations to deliver $200 million in 2019, as we have guided several times which also makes us to stay 100% behind $600 million of delivery over three years starting to 2019 through 2021. So that it stays as rock solid commitment and we have great plans to achieve it. As Bob said, we also expect the synergy number to flow through fully in EPS. And we started to deliver the synergies initially in SG&A than procurement and logistics following. Obviously, we have several initiatives that are fuelling these deliveries, but I just -- given the, let's say, big buckets of the areas of the delivery. And as Bob also said behind, besides the deal synergies, we also have several base productivity programs as we call them internally, which is nothing to do with the deal synergies in both businesses that we have all build in our algorithm. And we are also happy to share that we have been executing very nicely behind those initiatives as well.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yes. So, I mean, first of all the way that we will look at this move of McCafé into the Keurig system really speaks to the value of the Keurig system. It's a vote of confidence. And I will remind everybody that if you look at all of our branded partners, all of them, but nearly all of them at this point in time as the contracts have expired, have extended for longer period of time then they ever have before. So, there is just one more vote of confidence that partnering with Keurig is good for everybody in the ecosystem. We transition that over to us in 2020. There are upfront investments that are involved with it. And we will talk when we talk about 2020 will talk about how that impact our guidance in 2020. But remember before you take that get to take the puts and takes together, we don’t know environment is going to be in 2020. That would be a negative so we got positive and negatives and as I said before it's our job to navigate all of those and be able to deliver long-term guide. I have not seen the number that you are referring to all I would suggest though is there is a about $300 million in retail sales not wholesale, I could not good number merely that big based on a retail business of $300 million and if you haven’t seen that one, but we’ll provide more clarity when we talk about 2020 and how that may impact our results at that time.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yes. That’s good point. Just to, thank you for bringing that up. I think to put a final thought on that one is, we already participated in the financial of McCafé to a level through the K-Cup business that we have. So, it's not unlicensed business that came in, but that this is all incredibly positive for us. We just don’t I think the number you put out there would be very big and it’s not necessarily incremental and so that’s what we’re clarifying them.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. Let me give you a couple of thoughts on that Lauren. I think first of all, as I mentioned, the total Allied portfolio now is about $350 million in sales. So, it's important but it's not as large as it once was. That number maybe surprising because you might think well, I thought that number was much larger than that. And the reality is of it, it was, but if we recall we acquired some of those businesses. So, if you look at the core and the Big Red businesses that we acquired in the past year, that actually are larger the then the remaining Allied Brand portfolio that we have left. So, it’s still a good opportunity for us to access different segments and difference levels of growth, but in its absolute is not as important as it once was. We talked about the net change in Allied Brands with FIJI and BODYARMOR coming out and some of the new ones coming in, evian, Peet's and FORTO. We said that was about a 100 bps headwinds and now we’re saying it's about 200 bps headwinds. Look, if you take a rounding this involves in that, it was slightly more than that rounded down to a 100 and slightly less than that rounded up to 200. What we’re talking about here is a delay in sales versus our expectation of about $50 million. So, it has an impact on our growth rate for sure, but the good news is I emphasized before is that we’ve been able to offset that with really good strength in our core owned businesses, which speaks to the health of that portfolio. As we sit here today to answer the part of your question and we look at those new brands, we think it is primarily just at the delay. It's just a slower startup. We're getting the distribution. The velocity is building. It's just not the rate that we thought would be and it's a combination of things when you're looking at new brands sometime it's hard to forecast. Evian is a good example, if you look at the latest 13 weeks, we're growing evian at about 8% that below the categories because the category is really strong. The category is grown like 12% to 13%, but 8% is not too bad is up significantly. So, we're seeing traction, it's taking longer to get there and it really doesn't affect the way that we think about Allied Brands going forward. And as I will remind you, we will also continue to put new partnerships in place like A Shoc that will continue to fill that pipeline. So I think this is well contained and well defined and really doesn’t change our outlook going forward.
Bob Gamgort: It's hard to know what price realization going forward is going to be, to be honest with you. I mean, that’s a very much driven by the industry in total and other factors like inflation. So that's still to be determined. What you're pointing out those very important is the strength of our brands that are sold as a Beverage Concentrates segment, allows the pricing to be put in and yet the volume holds up nicely. And remember, these are the sales primarily a brand like Dr Pepper, Canada Dry and then we've got others Crush, et cetera, Schweppes that go through and are sold by either Coke or Pepsi, but also very important channel of Fountain Foodservice, which is restaurants. And as we point out a number of times, Dr Pepper is actually the most available brand in the country in Fountain Foodservice. So the brand, it’s a concentrated portfolio of brands with incredible strength. That's why we continue to invest heavily in marketing behind these brands. They are able to withstand the pricing in which you are seeing in the quarter is that pricing flowing through that was taken sometimes a bit of a delay get that pricing. And you're seeing that matched up against the benefits of productivity and synergies across the entire business as a result of the integration and that’s why you're getting such powerful profit increased during that during. But it’s a very robust business to report about pricing we will see we take every opportunity we get going forward but its hard to have a forward-looking position on industry pricing.
Bob Gamgort: When we're selling in the concentrates segment, yes, the answer is little both, but when you take a look at the concentrates segment, when you think about pricing is different than what you think about it in our packaged beverages segment, we're actively involved in the promotions. And we’re selling to somebody else who turns around and resale our products in the beverage concentrate segment. So that’s why it’s more of a combination of it, but its really more about the absolute pricing that we’re giving and it is timing or level of discounting as you might see in a retail environment.
Bob Gamgort: Bai, I think a pretty straightforward which was -- it was a pioneer in the category, it became the number one player by far and there is a lot of competition -- where that's CPG issues to happen every day what do we need to do, we need to refresh the brand and drive it to the next level with innovation that we’ll keep ahead of the gain. For perspective, when we talk about weakness in buy, it’s still a business that’s about a $0.5 billion in sales and on 52-week basis according to IRi grew by 3%. So, it's not that the brand is falling off the edge. It's just not growing at the level that we believe has the potential to grow. And so, it's going to be a combination of renovation on the brand and some innovation that we’ll continue drive. And again like I said what we have we’re going to share that with you in early 2020. With regard to your question about M&A more broadly, we’ve been very focused on taking portfolio that we have today and making it work and you’re seeing there is a significant amount of upside potential for the foreseeable. There will be a point of time and we’ll start thinking about M&A differently. You’re also talking about the, we’re off to a market side of the business refranchising and driving that. There is nothing that we would talk about at this point in time, but one of the big value drives is for us to optimize the distribution system that we have today. And what that really means in the near-term is running more effectively which is actually showing up in a lot of our numbers. And also on the margins bringing in routes from independent distributors for examples where we see an opportunity to combine with our own route to get more scale, we’ll be doing that on the margins, but I will keep that as more fine tuning on top of running the fundamental distribution systems we have right now better rather than a big strategic move like a one day that you’re referring to.
Bob Gamgort: If you look at our pod volume over the long-term, it's been really solid. So, just to remind everybody, in 2018, pod volume was up about 7.5%. We’re running 8.5% on a year-to-date basis and 12% basis to running about the same about 8.5%. What we called out in the last call was the fact that we knew that we shipped ahead of consumption in the second quarter, 100% driven by partners who wanted to take volume earlier. To that, we were up 12.8%, we said that we're going to get a reactions to that in our numbers in Q3, we did were up six, which is below our long-term trend. Our assumption is, when you look at Q4 as it all reverts back to the mean and there is nothing notable the call out on that. And I think part of the learning over the past 18 months or so, if you look at this business, it's a challenging business to try to forecast quarter-to-quarter, if you are outside of the Company. But when we take a broader view and you don’t even have to go much longer than six months, but certainly if you go 09 months or year, it's a really steady and dependable business with some quarterly fluctuations. And so, our assumption in any situation that unless something notable that we will call out, you should assume that it just reverts back to me.
Bob Gamgort: Let me take the second one first and then Ozan could talk about where the 600 million is coming from and to your point now that we're in a, what's our level of confidence. As we point out, we put these ambitious targets out just about two years ago a lot has changed over that time. We had to compensate for significant inflation increases. We've seen pricing in the industry which had a negative impact on volume. The points about Bai or Snapple are those -- that’s business as usual. You always have brands that are performing well or above plans, look at the strength in CORE Hydration for example, doing incredibly well. And we always have brands that you need to fix. And so, on balance out of there no conclusions that you should take from that, that means there is an overall increase in spending or investment required to address those. It's more just being very frank with you guys about where things are working and where they are not and keeping you in the loop about where our management attention is. So I think the most important take away for you and any of our investors is that. We put out a long-term algorithm and the critical part of long-term algorithm is top line growth to 2% to 3% and EPS growth of 15% to 17%. And as I say frequently, what you pay us to do is to manage through all the change in the environment competition and all the noise is out there and deliver that. And we're going to have levers that we can pull that were positive versus our original expectations that we use those offset some of the negative surprises. And I'd just say, in balance, you should take away, nothing different other than our original algorithm of 2% to 3% and 15% to 17% is intact and the integration is going remarkably well, which supports that, but specifically your question on synergy. Let me turn it over to Ozan in terms of how we now think about that as we were into the integration and also the broader concept of value capture, which is synergies and productivity in a way that we think about it internally.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, sure. I mean we talked that the 1% to 2% that we talked about back in September at an industry conference was clarification of our position that we’re well known. People were struggling with trying to do math on the fourth quarter might look like. And so, we just decide to clarify. If you recall when we said just to clarify that our reported net sales will be in the range 1% to 2%, consensus was around 1.4%. So, we saw that as a non-event that surprised us that people thought that wasn’t event. What we are seeing right now which I think is important to point is, this is about the time period where the Allied Brand, new Allied Brands should have kicked in at the higher level than they are. And I just put the size of that. On an annual basis, it's about $50 million. But again the good news is, that our, we’re seeing real strength in our core business. And that’s been able to offset that. So that balance that puts us in a position where we have confidence in a 3% underlying net sales growth for the year, which is a very strong number. And it's just the tweak between the Allied Brand and Core which I think is a net positive. And as I said earlier, I really think the Allied Brand number is more about timing than it is anything else. But when we get around 2020, we’ll talk more specifically about that.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. I mean if you think about what we’ve been consistent in saying which is, 2% to 3% top line, 15% to 17% EPS growth, then yes, the implied in all of that is the margin structure that we have in place is solid and sustainable and we'll benefit from the growth that we're talking about. So in any integration, you get a boost from synergies. And as Ozan just talked about, we also look at ongoing productivity that's above and beyond the synergies, which helps fuel those margins, which you do get a point where the margins benefit from the synergies and when you are driving the business based on growth and the top line growth that we're pointing out to you is accelerating, which is driven by an underlying performance is about 3% served by strength in our core brands. And that will continue to drive our total profit as our margins are very sustainable.
Bob Gamgort: Well, we did spend a lot of time thinking about our performance relative and operating profit relative to our peers. We look at our business. We look at the upside that we have. We see a lot of upside on our business and absolute. As I point out to many people, our portfolio in many cases is not in direct competition with Coke or Pepsi, particularly on the CSD side where our strength is in the non cola segment with Dr Pepper and Canada Dry leading the way. So I don’t think that has changed at all. And look, to answer your question, all of our upside that we believe is in the business in total is reflected in the long-term targets that we set forth.
Bob Gamgort: Well, I don’t know how you could see that data, to be honest with you. A lot of this goes through restaurants and places that there are different to really to all I suggest that this quarter is not to disconnect between our sales and what we believe is consumption out there at all. But we've been -- we really candid on K-Cup when we ship ahead of the consumption andcalling that out. So, we feel the first one to call that out, this is reflective as I said before a couple of things. You got really good volume dollars, our business is very healthy across those channels and we specifically called out found and food service work brands continue to be in great demand. This is also reflective of pricing that was put in place and as always the delay on pricing flowing through. And when you have a combination of pricing starting to flow through combine with volume that holds up in the base of that, yes, you’re going to see some very good numbers and there is a little bit of what was exactly this quarter a year ago, but something is extraordinary in that number that could, should cause to be concern.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. So, I’ll start with the brewer shipment volume, and again, we minimize the impact of brewer and volume. Our objective is to grow household penetration and I think we have some credibility on that. We had some conversation when there was a quarter year ago that you refer to is an easy compared that cause a lot of concern and we’re way ahead since then. I mean we’re running like a 12.5% growth since that time period. You haven’t heard us for a second we refer to that number nor we use that as a predictor of household penetration because we don’t believe it's a predictor of household penetration. So, I would suggest that the fourth quarter of this year, again, household penetration based on the volume that you’re seeing is growing mid single-digits. You’re seeing brewer growth so far year-to-date above 10% that would suggest that we shipped brewers for the holidays earlier then we have and that’s part of the strategy for our customers. So I think that back to my comments I said on pods reversion to the mean. I think it's the same role applies on brewers. Overtime, it’s a very steady number, the fact that we shipped some earlier is net a good thing because it means we forward position the product gets really merchandising for the holiday season. But in the end, we think it has very little a very weak indicator of performance for our pot business whether it's up or down, we don’t have spent a lot of time talking about that for that reason. Having said, let me talk about pod as you refer to, it's getting increasingly difficult for you guys to track this business using IRi or Nelson because track channels are now representing about 50% of our total sales. And the untracked channels which is driven by club and e-commerce are largely and some other channels are in total growing faster than the track channel. And that separation is accelerating as you can imagine with the adoption of e-commerce. We believe our e-commerce business is 2x to 3x the size of a typical CPG business. So the trend that you're seeing with us is really the leading-edge of where you are going to see the rest of CPG go over time. When we take a look at our business in the untracked channels its growing faster but if you ask about the composition of volume and mix is not materially different than what you see track channels. Our PDP manufacture share and our owned and license share, we believe when we look at our untracked channel is slightly higher than it is in the track channels, like for example away from home. Offices are in here and our share in offices of our own brand is higher, but is not material enough for you to put too much thought in there. It's just the knowledge that you are only looking at half the market. And unfortunately for modeling purposes, the other after market is not transparent to you and growing at a faster rate, which we continue to see accelerating. It's good for the business. In total, it's just harder to observe from the outside.
Bob Gamgort: Thanks everyone for joining the call today and I know we went a little bit over and it’s a busy day for everyone, but the IR team is around today for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
