Timothy Cofer: Thanks, Sudhanshu. Before we move to Q&A, I want to thank our KDP colleagues for embodying our company's challenger mindset every day. In Q1, we collectively put the business on an accelerating path in a dynamic macro environment. Strong execution was visible across our results and in every country end market in which we compete. We intend to keep building momentum as the year progresses. Bob, Sudhanshu, the broader executive team, and I, feel the team's energy and enthusiasm for KDP's Evolved strategy, which was particularly evident at this month's annual summit of the company's top leaders. Together, we're excited to activate this strategy to unlock considerable future value for our shareholders.  Thanks for the time, and we're now happy to take your questions. 
Timothy Cofer: Yes, Brian, I'll take the second part of your question. I mean stepping back on coffee, obviously, as the pioneers of single-serve, coffee here in the U.S. and the steward of the category with almost 80% share of manufactured pods, our primary focus is on growing the entire ecosystem. And that's quite honestly more important than maximizing market share of any given brand. We aren't particularly interested in competing on price. But at the same time and to your point, we did make some decisions of late to protect, particularly our owned and licensed brand portfolio when we felt that our competitive positioning was impacted based on some competitive movement that we saw in the back half of last year. So we did make the decision to adjust the pricing really a couple of points around price gaps.  Having said that, Brian, I would say when you look at our first quarter results, yes, there were some tactical promotional adjustments. But we also grew our owned and licensed distribution points actually at a double-digit rate. We increased display activity. We also brand support, brought some innovation. And I think all of these factors contributed to important strengthening of our business on owned and licensed. And I expect going forward, other activity around the innovation agenda, you've heard us talk about, both on pods and brewers, accelerated marketing and activation will help us drive continued strength in or, I would say, improving sequential strength in coffee for the balance of the year. 
Timothy Cofer: Absolutely. So we are seeing and we saw it this quarter an increase in our total marketing investment on coffee. And I think as we've realigned back to the question that Brian asked making sure that from a price point standpoint, we feel good about our owned and licensed brand. It's an opportunity now for our marketing and innovation to work even harder. I think there's -- we're employing what we characterize as a bit of a barbell strategy, reflecting both the opportunity to reinforce value on our pod business as well as drive on the premium side.  When you look at the consumer broadly, you do see at the higher income levels a really robust participation in the Keurig ecosystem and actually growing sales. Where we see a little bit more pressure, of late, is on the lower and mid income. And to that end, you will see new marketing coming starting in the second quarter. That is more sharply focused on a value message, particularly against a broader frame of away-from-home coffee. While at-home coffee represents 3/4 of the volume, away-from-home coffee is the larger dollar ring. And we think in today's economic environment and given the quality and variety that we're providing, a sharper value-based message will be one that's well received and you will see that activated as of Q2 this year. So that's yet to come.  Another one is around our iced and cold platform and indeed launching the refreshers that we've done, which is obviously a big part of away-from-home coffee shop experience as well as new iced pods and the new Brew + Chill brewer that will be launching in the fall, that will also be incremental and new marketing against that platform, which I think is a big source of growth opportunity for us. And then, finally, on the premium and super premium, we've really rounded out our roster. I made reference to a number of new partners into the Keurig ecosystem at the premium and super premium level, you will see marketing against that. And I'd be remiss if I didn't mention as well from a total coffee consumption standpoint, the big opportunity around ready-to-drink and single serve with our La Colombe partnership, and you'll see marketing against that. So I think we've got a stacked series of new news, both in terms of innovation and marketing messaging. Most of that is yet to come as we go through the year. 
Timothy Cofer: Sure. So first on Black Rifle, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are excited to welcome Black Rifle into the Keurig ecosystem. I think Black Rifle's coffee success, I'm sure you know what, Chris, is already well established in the coffee industry. And I think their decision to evolve to a Keurig system partner really reinforces our full value proposition and our stewardship as the single-serve category leader. So pleased with that development.  Bigger picture, and I referenced it in the prepared remarks, we partner with a broad range of coffee brands nationwide and we're about offering consumers choice and variety and a great high-quality cup of coffee and really providing consumers the diversity of their preferences and Black Rifle coffee is the newest addition, but it's one of many and one that we feel good joining our system. As it relates to cold and refreshment beverage, indeed, we have a slightly different phasing of the major innovation on our refreshment beverage this year versus last year. We mentioned this in our February call. But when you look at our relative market share here in Q1, we're under a little bit of pressure right now. We expected that.  It reflects that later innovation cadence. And the one I draw your attention to was really a blockbuster for us last year, and that was Dr Pepper Strawberries and Cream. It launched early in the first quarter of last year. It enjoyed a very strong start. And in fact, it became the #1 CSD category innovation in the industry in 2023. This year, we're seeing a slightly later phasing of that.  So as we speak, we're launching Dr Pepper Creamy Coconut. You can find it in your local store. It's a great product. We're also rolling out a complete restage of our Bai still portfolio under the banner of Bai WonderWater in partnership with Sydney Sweeney. We're launching, I would say, reinvigorating our core water business hydration business with U.S. gymnastics partnership. So we've got a lot of activity that really is starting now in Q2 and will ramp into the back half of the year. On top of that, I would mention what you know as well, which is continued strong C4 contribution and a continuing distribution ramp of our Electrolit partnership. Therefore, you see more of the firepower hitting in the back half of '24 versus '23. 
Timothy Cofer: Yes. Yes, absolutely. Well, we continue to be really pleased with our partnership with C4. I think I shared at Investor Day as of that moment with since KDP took the distribution partnership with C4, and we made that minority investment stake. TDPs are up close to 60%. Sales are up 65%, and we continue to see growth potential for C4. C4 has got some exciting innovation this year around flavor extensions and around sizing and packaging configurations as well. Indeed, the Energy segment broadly, as you have mentioned, Peter, has seen some softening versus what was a multiyear run.  I think Energy remains very much a resilient category and one that particularly among Gen-Xennials will continue to play a huge role in daily beverage choice. As it relates to sourcing, we see sourcing broadly. I'm not going to get into specifics around any given competitors, but I think it's both sourcing from other large players in energy as well as broader liquid refreshment beverage, particularly among youth as they make various choices on their caffeine carrier. 
Timothy Cofer: Yes. I'll take that first question on pods, and then I'll defer it to Sudhanshu on the second part of your question. I mean broadly, and you see this in the syndicated data when you look at the full estate around pods, you're looking at roughly I'll do round numbers here, Rob. 50% is our partners, 25% owned and licensed, 25% -- well, 20% private label. So that's the broad makeup of the mix. And our strategy hasn't changed. As I said at the beginning, we are stewards of the entire category. Our responsibility is to grow the category and grow the entire ecosystem.  Obviously, owned and licensed brand give us an additional mix benefit and one that we keep an eye on and want to be sure that they continue to stay robust. I made some comments both in the prepared remarks and in earlier Q&A on what we've done to not only protect that franchise, but also to grow it. And I think we've got a great innovation slate and a series of marketing initiatives here to go to keep our owned and licensed business robust, but very much view ourselves as stewards of the entire category. And then I'll pass to Sudhanshu. 
Timothy Cofer: Andrea, thanks. Let me make sure I can get through all these. I think first on pod shipments and consumption, as referenced, we saw sequential improvement in our pod shipment trend during Q1, and that was underpinned by better trends at POS. So we've seen both a modest improvement in the at-home coffee category broadly. And then as mentioned, a real acceleration in KDP specific volume driven by the recovering share trends, particularly on owned and licensed. So feel good overall that minus 1%, near flat pod shipment performance in Q1 is obviously significantly above what we saw in Q4 and the back half of last year.  In terms of consumption versus shipments, we're comfortable overall with the pod inventory levels and didn't see any unusual changes. So it's really consumption-driven and continuing. While not perfectly linear, I would say, we expect a gradual recovery in pod volumes and consumptions through the balance of the year underpinned by the initiatives that we've talked about already on this call. You then asked about Alta. We're doing a beta test in the fall with limited consumer really to get the learning around what's working, how we can optimize, et cetera. At this point, there isn't already a predetermined path. Obviously, we have various scenarios and plans. But we're going to take the time to learn from that and then scale it up afterwards based on those learnings. So more specificity to come following the beta test that starts this fall.  Then as it relates to CSD innovation, indeed, as I said earlier, we're lapping in Q1 just a blockbuster #1 innovation in the entire CSD category last year. So that's what you're seeing in some of the share pressure. Year to go, I think we've got a stacked innovation plan, including with the Dr Pepper Creamy Coconut and many of the others. Canada Dried Fruit Splash is already doing well. And we're only at, I would say, less than half ACV. So that's yet to ramp fully, including in some of the biggest markets. So you will see that phase more to the back half. And then what was it? Was that it? Good. Thank you, Andrea. And obviously, happy to follow up with you further, the IR team, or me on more questions. 
