Bob Gamgort: Okay, Bonnie. Good morning and thank you for those questions. Ozan, do you want to talk about the guidance? There were two of them related to guidance, and then I'll come back on the brewer question.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. Let me talk about the first one, which is about the top line pacing with regard to 2022. You're right the revenue growth has been incredibly strong. If you decompose that growth, we're getting about half of that from volume and mix, which compared to a lot of sectors, is very robust and the remainder of that is coming from pricing. So, I think that's where it gets challenging to forecast, what's going to happen in the balance of the year. We have a great feel for what volume and mix looks like. We're thoughtful about elasticity because we're all entering into uncharted territory here in terms of the price increases collectively that are happening across the industry. And we build it more off of that than we build it off of anticipated pricing going forward. And that's why we thought it's prudent to build a business model that delivers mid-single-digit EPS off of mid-single-digit top line growth. The area we'll have to be thoughtful about and as you look at companies going forward is if top line numbers are exceeded because of additional pricing due to additional inflation, that doesn't mean that any of its ever going to show up in our earnings or EPS. But that's all hypothetical and to come. I think the fact that we build our business model primarily off of volume growth and known pricing is how we got to that guidance. A lot could change between now and this time a year from now based on inflation and pricing trends. With regard to brewer affordability, it's an excellent question because our Number 1 driver of the Keurig system is continued household penetration growth. We've added 8 million households in the past three years, back-to-back years of 3 million households, which is nicely above what we think is our long-term trend. I'll remind everyone that there were concerns. We delivered that 3 million that we had pulled forward from the following year, where we actually had another record year off of demand. We understand very well the critical price points, the threshold price points for consumers at different levels, entry-level, upgrade level. And we also know where there is more sensitivity around pricing and so we've been very strategic in the pricing that we've implemented in our brewers. We've been able to design brewers to value so that we hit an approximately $50 price point and certainly below that on promotion. We know that $100 is the next price point. And then we also know that we have a significant number of brewers that have very low-price elasticity because we offer so much value to them. So even though you'll see pricing move across brewers in aggregate, we will also protect those critical price points and understand that we can lean in more on certain brewers in certain channels where there's less elasticity than others. And we will never be distracted from our overall mandate of driving household penetration.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. I'm glad to be able to clarify that. First of all, the pressure that we're talking about in the rebuilding inventory is all on the pod side.
Bob Gamgort: What's quite remarkable is given all of the global supply chain challenges for a product line that is made overseas and shipped on the ocean and the fact that all of our brewers contain chips in them; our team has been pretty amazing in being able to find alternative materials, chips, et cetera to be able to continue supply brewers. So, brewer supply has not been an issue at all. What we're working towards though as we look at a forecast for the long-term, not just for 2022, but as we think about the long-term for Keurig, we think about 2 million new households per year is what we describe as our long-term trend. And then you – there's always a significantly higher number of brewers sold, but a lot of those are due to replacements or upgrades. While they show up in our revenue line, they don't really have a material impact on our profitability. That's why we don't focus on brewer sales, nor do we forecast them for you. What's most important are the brewers that are in place to be able to drive new household penetration, and we're fine on that. With regard to pods, we've had incredible demand on pods now. The demand has been increasing every year. We saw it also remained very strong through COVID, although the composition of that growth shifted from away from to at-home, a little bit of that's going back. The issue is that we've been building demand for pods based on that increased installed household base for the Keurig brewers. And as the fourth quarter hit with – and then later with Omicron into January, we could not supply the current demand. That caused us to draw down our finished goods inventory down to below safety stock levels. And now we're rebuilding that production. Our production is up significantly versus where it was in early January, for example. But now we're serving two masters, we have to solve – we have to continue to serve strong current demand. And at the same time, we have to take some of that production and use it to restock inventory to improve our efficiency. And that's the process that's going to take another quarter or so. But we've seen the bottom of that, and that was really driven by the absenteeism issue that hit in early January, late Q4. And we're improving that now. So, it's all pod-related with regard to inventory, nothing with brewers at this point.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, sure. Those are great questions. Let me start with, do I think anything is structural and long-lasting? Simple answer is no. What we're experiencing right now is a supply challenge not a demand challenge. And the supply challenge that we're dealing with is solvable, it's already being solved and it's short-lived. The demand remains incredibly strong based on the fact that we're continuing to drive great household penetration. If you think about the convergence of events that happened in Q4 and carried over into Q1, it's happened to a number of people in the broader CP industry. It really hit us because our demand was so incredibly strong at the same time that it caused a lot of pressure. We just had serious issues in being able to maintain the production due to absenteeism, quite honestly. As I said in my prepared remarks, 6% was the national absenteeism rate in the beginning of January; we had plants that were in regions that were harder hit where the number was a multiple of that. That gets – you get to a point where your production, you drop below a threshold level for your production, and that's exactly what happened to us. And then there's a series of knock-on effects that happened. All of them are short-lived. But if I give you a sense of it, we missed sales as a result of that. We expedite orders to try to prevent out-of-stocks and service our partners; we prioritized our partners over us in some cases. We are now paying a lot of overtime for people who are showing up. So, all of these things start to build up to cause serious short-term pressure on the business, all of which is being unwound as we speak and none of which is structural in nature. But it has a significant impact, as we said, because we have to rebuild inventory. What compounded this a bit further is we were expecting in late 2021 a ramp-up in new production from our new plant in Spartanburg. And quite frankly, our equipment supplier missed their deadlines. Again, if you think about it, it is a European-driven manufacturing, and they were ahead of us on COVID in general and Omicron, so they started feeling the pressure at the time that we started seeing the demand really ramp up. So that wasn't available to us at the same time. Again, that's solved. We talked about in our script that we've now built our production outside of Spartanburg to be able to handle that demand. We are now giving our supplier full rein of that plant to be able to optimize production without trying to also serve current demand. And we also have a contingency plan should they continue to miss any milestones. We have a backup plan, so we won't let it go any further than 2022. And when Spartanburg is up to full capacity, not only does that represent a growth opportunity that represents productivity that's yet to be realized. So not only is that not a structural issue going forward that's a structural opportunity in front of us. The last point is pricing. Because in an inflationary environment, we know that pricing is critically important. I'll go all the way back to the statements we made more than four years ago when we put the two companies together and we said that with regard to Coffee Systems, we said the strategic pricing investment, which was intentional to get the price point pods down to the appropriate threshold levels, would moderate over time once we hit those thresholds. So, if you think about what's happened since then, 2018 our net pricing in Coffee Systems down about 4%; 2019, down 3%; 2020 down about 2%; 2021 down less than 1%. In Q4, we had positive pricing that was masked by customer service lines. It's one of the knock-on effects of the production issues I talked about. And as we said in our prepared remarks, in 2022, we're putting in more pricing. So, you will see positive pricing in Coffee Systems going forward based on the pricing that we've already put in place. So, we've moved beyond now the strategic price investment into positive pricing, and all of that is yet still in front of us. Again, the most important thing is there are a few, if any CPG businesses that have line of sight to growing their volume in the mid-single-digit range year-after-year by converting people from one behavior to another, which is brewing by the pot to bring by the cup. Not only is that intact, it's been delivered and we still have 55 million potential households remaining to be converted even after we converted eight million in the past three years.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, great question. Our cold business has performed exceptionally well since the merger. It's been driven by the formula that we discussed a number of times, which is building share and volume growth on core brands through renovation and marketing. Countless examples of that, and I won't repeat them because we mentioned most of them in our prepared remarks. Innovating into white space and also doing partnerships and acquisitions to fill in territory that we are covered with our current portfolio and then investing in and improving our route to market to ensure that the delivery, the merchandising, the servicing on the cold side of the business improves every single year. And it's the combination of those three that's delivering the very strong results. What I just described has a significant amount of runway in front of it. You mentioned we've done a lot of work on the route-to-market side, bringing in independent territories into our system. We've also invested heavily to improve the delivery and effectiveness of our system where we already cover. There's still plenty of runway left on both of those. White space, we still have significant amount of open territory in our portfolio to be able to fill in to leverage that distribution system as well as the marketing strength that we have. And we still have tremendous line of sight to the innovation and renovation on our existing brand portfolio. As we talked about three years ago, a lot of conversations, will allow Dr. Pepper has been successful. You can't possibly grow that any further. What else are you going to do? And then I would point out that Dr. Pepper was the fastest-growing major CSD in the past two years driven by marketing innovation. And we feel like we still have plenty more to go on that. So, it's that combination of existing brands, white space and distribution system effectiveness that gives us line of sight to significant growth still in front of us.
