Robert Gamgort: Thanks, Ozan. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to provide a brief update on corporate governance. As you are aware, we transitioned from a controlled company to a widely-held one in 2020. Since that time, we've enhanced our board structure, increasing its independence and diversity, and establishing the role of lead independent director. I want to highlight - or announced it yesterday that we welcome Lubomira Rochet, as a new Director to our Board. Since November, we've added four new directors, each of whom brings a unique experiences and fresh perspective to the Board. Finally, many of you have asked questions about our post-2021 outlook. We plan to hold an Investor Day shortly after we report our Q2 earnings, during which we look forward to sharing insights on our long-term strategy and financial expectation. Details for the conference will be provided in the near future. I will now hand back to the operator.
Robert Gamgort: Yeah, okay. Sounds great. Let me start with attach first. During the pandemic, we saw an increase in attachment rate, especially in the early days. And that was very different than the long term trend we had experienced, we said the attachment rates were very stable. Our expectation that we communicated at that time at that time is that, as consumer mobility normalized, we would see attachment rates normalize back to their long-term levels. And that's exactly what we're seeing right now. So I think attachment rate, on hand have come down from their piece in Q2 a year ago, no surprise there. But the reverse side of it is, our attachment rates holding up versus their long-term trend, even as we add new households, absolutely. And I think - it's as simple as when we're able to convert a home from brewing coffee by the pots to brewing it by the cup, it settles in at a consumption race. And unless there's some substantial change in their behavior, stays very solid over time, which is ultimately good news. As we talked about a number of times, so it's worth, but it is worth repeating. Household penetration growth is what drives our pod growth over the long-term. And brewer sales over a longer period of time has some correlation. But especially in the short term, there's not causality. So you can't automatically look at trump brewer sales and say, that's going to mean that we've got a even higher rate of household penetration. And let me give you a little more depth on that, because it's such a critical point. In 2020, as you know, we added 3 million new households to the Keurig system. And that was about a million households above our normal run rate of 2 million. And there were a lot of questions about is this a pull-forward from the future? When we look at 2021? We said absolutely not. And that's exactly what's playing out right now. To get those 3 million households, we sold 11 million brewers. So that tells you that we had a record year, not only in terms of new household, but a record year in seeing existing households, which are now 33 million strong in the US, replace or upgrade their brewers. And while replacements and upgrades don't lead to household penetration growth, they're really important because they represent a strong recommitment to the Keurig system. So let's talk about 2021. When we talk about - when we put our initial thoughts about 2021, we said that we believe that we'll return to our long-term trend of adding 2 million new households per year, and we weren't concerned about any pull-forward. We had a really strong quarter in brewer sales in Q1, and by the way, 40% of that 60% growth was driven by consumption. So there's some shipment timing in there. But it's really consumer sales driving the majority of that, as happy as we are with that it is far too early in the year for us to conclude that that translates to household penetration growth above 2 million. Why is that? Because we've got a ton of innovation in the market right now. And you're also seeing two rounds of government stimulus in the past few months, that have people feeling very liquid. And so a number of people are using it to still invest in their homes, and they're upgrading their brewers. And we've given them innovation to do so. So as we sit here today, we're still talking about 2 million new households, which is a tremendous growth. And as we always do, we'll update our household penetration growth at the end of the year. And the start that we see on brewers to give us confidence, if nothing else to give us confidence that the 2 million number is very doable.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. Good morning, Lauren. Thanks for the question. Marketing plans, well, let me talk about marketing spending first. As you point out, everybody in industry dropped their spending in 2020. It was a combination of covering mix issues. But also in the early days of the pandemic, the marketing wasn't very efficient. As we got through the years, as you also point out, not only did we restore some of the spend, but we also learned to be incredibly efficient with that spend, nothing like being under pressure to innovate on how we're able to reach consumers in a more efficient way. And a lot of that learning carries over into 2021, where we build in that expected efficiency, plus we have plans to invest more in marketing. To be really - directly to your question, we have not changed our commitment to the increase in marketing that we have planned in 2021, despite the fact that we're seeing higher inflation, so we haven't touched marketing to offset inflation at all, in 2021. Our expectation is increased marketing spend, restore as much of that as we possibly can, although we won't get all the way back to where we were in 2019, for sure, that will take a couple of years to get there. We are also looking for opportunities to invest more in our marketing spend. So as we talked about a number of times, that we think 13% to 15% growth in an environment like we're in right now, especially when you look at a two year stack of 30% EPS at the midpoint is fantastic return. And anything above that, we would then use opportunistically to invest back in the business to continue to drive long-term growth, getting the balance right between delivering best-in-class EPS, plus best-in-class growth and market share expansion is what we're doing here. And we will reinvest any opportunity that we get. We spend an increasingly - increasingly we're spending more and more on digital, that's not a surprise, everyone's doing that. We have much more science behind our marketing. And our team continues to build their expertise in doing so and that leads to more efficiency. So absolute spending investment is no longer as it relevant, as it once was because we're dialing up the productivity and efficiency of that spend every year and so we're able to squeeze more out of every dollar in terms of the consumer impacting, as you point out, you know, even though our marketing was down in 2020, we gained share on 90% of our core portfolio, and we added 3 million new households security. So clearly, we knew what we were doing on that spending. And then my last point is, what are we going to spend the money on this year, we've got an incredible lineup of innovation, on the LRB side, well, first on CSD, zero sugar is our big news. You're already seeing advertising right now on Dr Pepper zero sugar. We're running NASCAR for the first time this weekend, in many, many years with Dr Pepper behind zero sugar and Bubba Wallace. We're introducing Bai Boost, which will support with advertising. And then on the Keurig side, we've got a number of innovations, Green Mountain Brew Over Ice. We're continuing the One Step Lattes and cappuccinos on Donut Shop, both of whom have done really well. And then, of course, substantial spending beyond the Keurig business to drive household penetration. So not only do we restore the spending, do we know how to spend it, but we're really focused that spending on innovation, which we know drives really efficient marketing. So thanks for that question.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. Good morning. Thanks for your question. The - this environment is anything but steady state, as we sit here right now. And as we said upfront, it appears to be returning to more of a business as new normal, whatever that's going to be when it settles basis. But way too early in this year, for us to even think about steady state. We have our entire organization remaining on their toes. We're looking for changes in the environment, none of us went into this year expecting the level of inflation that we're seeing right now, for example, and we don't know if it's temporary, or if it's sustained. So I don't know what steady state looks like. And when we get towards the end of the year, we'll probably have a better view on that. I mean, your question is, what's the longer term growth outlook for this portfolio and whatever that environment is? I won't steal any thunder from our Investor Day, which we'll be doing right after our Q2 earnings, because that will be the topic. What does the KDP outlook look like both from a strategy and a financial algorithm post-2021. At that point in time, we'll have more data on what the marketplace looks like. And that'll be a very robust part of that conversation.
Robert Gamgort: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, thanks for question. We have - really if you look at our previous position as sparkling water with relatively limited, we had some regional positions in Canada Dry and Schweppes. And we actually think those brands are much more fit for the ginger ale and CSD business, they are in sparkling water. But it made some sense when we didn't have anything. The Polar is the brand that we're backing. We're happy with the velocity. We're really pleased with the ACV that we're at right now, which is 55%. And where does it go from here? It's going to deliver at the HCD level of all of our top brands. You know, that's almost universal distribution. So there's no reason why this is one of our big investment areas is not going to achieve that strength. With regard to how do we plan on playing within sparklings? We have some niche brands. The businesses that we can add around the edges here, Limitless was one which is caffeinated, that we're expanding beyond just caffeinated, that we will position against that. But I think very clearly Polar is the brand that we're backing. It's an important brand in a high growth segment, one that's been a gap in our portfolio, and like our position in premium water in total, where we've now become the number two player we’re being very intentional about making sure that we have a good position in sparkling water going forward.
