Bob Gamgort: Before moving to Q&A I want to recognize Steve Alexander for his recent promotion to Vice President of Investor Relations. Many of you on this call have had the opportunity to work with Steve during his 15 years with KDP and Dr Pepper Snapple and have benefited from his strong understanding of the beverage industry. And finally, earlier this month, we announced that I will be transitioning my CEO role to Ozan at the end of July and I will remain Executive Chairman for the following two years. This transition was designed to ensure continuity of leadership and strategic direction for KDP as well as to enable dedicated focus on the new and very significant inorganic value-creation opportunity we have in front of us. I have tremendous confidence in Ozan based on working side by side with him over the past six years and I'm excited about the opportunity to continue to partner with him, the KDP executive team, and the KDP Board of Directors over the next few years. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator for Q&A. 
Bob Gamgort: Yes. Well I'll start Bryan with in-home, which we think is very relevant and we can talk a little bit about away from home. But we put in this strategic pricing investment over a number of years and we've had a lot of investor questions about this as well. So if you go back to 2016, before we implemented it, the cost per cup which is the relevant measure of K-Cup pods versus bag coffee for example was a $0.30 per cup premium. We lowered that to $0.20 per cup during the -- during that investment and we saw tremendous consumer response. Now we're moving up in price, but the game as you point out is really a relative game. And if you look at now the difference today between K-Cup pods and bags it's still $0.20. So we're maintaining that $0.20 differential while we're taking our pricing up which we think is the most relevant comparison. With regard to away from home, it's hard to come back with an exact number to be able to measure that against but we know that we're talking about an average price per pod or price per cup of $0.50 for K-Cup versus $0.30 for bag coffee. You're talking about a multiple of that somewhere between five and 10x depending on what you buy out at retail and that gap continues to get wider and wider. And so we see as people get concerned about pricing clearly, there's a trade-off from away from home to in-home which benefits the entire category. But our price gaps versus other forms of roast and ground coffee have stayed the same at that lower level that we guided to in 2018 2019. 
Bob Gamgort: Sure. Bonnie [ph], for me, first, there's really three areas of focus as we go forward. One is continuing to lead the Board, as we've evolved the Board overtime from being closely held to widely held and that also will continue to evolve somewhat over time. And so that's an important part of my role. Second part of it is working with Ozan on the executive team to make sure that the transition is seamless, and that we continue the great momentum that we have on the organic delivery of our business and I have a ton of confidence in that. And then the third part is, to give some time and space for me to work on the inorganic opportunities in particular M&A. Wouldn't be a surprise to anyone that the last 2.5 years or so have been very intensely operationally focused, very much managing it seems like everybody in the industry from one crisis to the next. And while that's critically important and is the right priority it doesn't leave a lot of time to think about and work on the strategic aspects of the business that require a significant amount of time, investment, patience even relationship building to be able to do that properly. And so, I'm certainly looking forward to being able to have more space against that, while always being available to Ozan and the team to jump in and help as needed over the next couple of years.
Bob Gamgort: Yeah. On your second question, I think the simple answer is we take all of our commitments seriously. And we put commitments out there in a balanced manner. So think about what we delivered over the first three years as a public company. We delivered a 15% EPS CAGR, while we accelerated growth so we beat our growth targets. At the same time we were more competitive in the marketplace as evidenced by all the share gains that we had across the board as well as accelerated household penetration on the Keurig system and we put in place a foundation that's now scalable as we move into the future. So all of those were delivered. As you could imagine, when we put that commitment out there in 2018 the world looked very different than it has over the past three years, yet we've been able to balance across all of those without optimizing one metric at the expense of the other. We were able to deliver balanced performance and that's exactly the way we look at it going forward. So one thing, I would point out is that early back in October 1, we saw a lot of challenges in the macro environment in 2022. And therefore, we said that, we would be on mid-single-digit EPS growth in 2022. We're pleased that, we did that given what has materialized since then. And now we're in this mode of balancing investment and growth. And you can see we've taken our growth expectations up. It's not just pricing driven it's volume and pricing. And we make investments in brands. As we mentioned, on our Q1 call our cold business investment in marketing was up during the quarter. Even though it was incredibly challenging quarter we spent more. And the one-timers you're talking about I would suggest we not focus on any one quarter. You have to look at those type of – I put those mostly in the category of normal business especially when you look at it over time. And we're just incredibly transparent about those. And any time they hit in one quarter we tend to over focus on those. And then we don't talk about them as a group when they're not or it's an unfavorable comparison versus a year ago. We never get any questions about those. So just look at it over the period of a year. The fact that, we have some of these items to double down on investments in our brands, as well as in accelerating our coffee recovery, allows us to have the confidence in the balanced delivery that we committed to.
Bob Gamgort: Sure. First thing is, our reticence I think is the word you used on large deals was not on large deals. Our reticence is on overpaying for large deals. And so it's not about the size. It's about the multiple. And I think that, we're in an environment now where we're seeing all kinds of valuations shift. And people – our investors are more in favor of paying for cash flow and earnings than just multiple of sales with no earnings potential in them. So that may represent some interesting opportunities. But what I would point out is that, the way we think about inorganic is across the range of partnerships like we just announced with Community, which is a huge win for Community, and a huge win for us to be working together again. And we don't need to own that business by any means to have the benefits of that. And likewise by partnering with us they win as well. We can make seed investments as we announced today on Tractor Beverage, which is small today but we will certainly accelerate it. And it's in a unique channel in fountain foodservice, which is one that we are incredibly strong, but yet haven't done a deal like this in that channel before. And then we're also looking at mid- and larger-scale M&A as well. And so we have – I would say, we have a consistent dialogue with a large number of potential partners. I can't get into the details of that, but the fact that we are in this position when we talk about businesses like Community and Tractor is good evidence that of how we think about being proactive and creative in our partnerships. With regard to coffee pricing, again, the category is up 5% or a little over 5% and we were up a little bit more than that. Again, I wouldn't overreact to any one move in the quarter. Sometimes that's mix. Actually if you break it apart further the area that has moved late is private label within pods. So premium brands have actually moved substantially. The mainstream brands where we're a heavy participant in with our owned and licensed have all moved about the same level. There was a late move in private label. But they can't avoid the price of coffee and now you're seeing pricing coming up on that. So we're not seeing any distortion in the gaps between private label mainstream and premium and pods sticking for any time period.
Bob Gamgort: Sure. A couple of things, Brett. First of all, on the scalability piece that you talk about, I think there are three big areas in which we've set up a business at scale. I think one is just management structure. So, we've got a management team that has the bandwidth to take on more than they have today. And our focus on North America, I think gives us a bit of an advantage here. Having managed global businesses in my past to be able to focus in one region where you have common consumers, common customers, yet a significant amount of white space for expansion is an advantage for management to be able to continue to take on more without being distracted. I think the second area where we've made significant investment in is in our distribution capabilities. And we talk about a wide range of them. But if you think about today, we announced an expansion in our fountain foodservice business. We talked about on a number of calls, Dr Pepper is the most available CSD in fountain foodservice. So we've got a really strong team but they've had a relatively small set of brands and businesses to sell. Now we're equipping them with a new brand in partnership with Tractor, where they're able to get into new territory with GMO-free organic and some really unique products to be able to expand. So it expands their toolkit. There's a good example of a great foundation that we can now scale. DSD is a very important area for us. We've made significant investment over the past three years, increased tools and capabilities. But also we've expanded our DSD breadth and depth by acquiring close to 25 independent distributors to be able to boost our system. And obviously anything that you can scale within DSD improves both your effectiveness as well as your efficiency. And then as you touched on e-comm is a really interesting area. When we put the two companies together and we showed how we were bringing the best of both to share across the business, one of the conversation was about e-comm. But in 2018 e-comm and beverage didn't seem like a big idea. Certainly it was a very significant idea during COVID. And it's one that on the cold side of the business has to build over – will build over time but it has to be through click and collect and regional delivery. Shipping liquids by UPS and FedEx is not a great business model over the long term. But we see that area rapidly evolving and we're in a really good position. Part of enabling us to do exactly that required us to go back and redefine and renegotiate a number of our distribution agreements that were not contemplated in an environment of e-comm and we've been very successful in doing that over the past now four years to set ourselves up so that we have a win-win with our distribution partners, our independent partners and yet we're able to drive e-comm to the benefit of the consumer as well as us and our partners. With regard to our coffee business, you're 100% right, we have a scaled business in e-comm. We've been very agnostic in terms of where our brands are sold on e-comm. So we're very supportive of Amazon, of walmart.com on any type of retailer.com. We share our information with them. We try to make them better. So it's not that we're in competition with them at all. In fact we know the consumers want to go online but they want to buy it from their preferred retailer. And so we enable that by doing what I just said. With regard to keurig.com we have focused it on auto reorder or reorder, and that's its primary reason for being. And also it's a good place to find SKUs that are small that are favorites of a small group of consumers who can't find them at normal retailers. We'll sell everything on there. Obviously, that's been a challenge during the supply recovery phase. We will get back to that again. And so that's a big part of it. And as you think about the one comment I made in my remarks about connected brewers and the fact that we believe that we'll have 1 million connected brewers in the next few years, that really adds additional power to an auto reorder business because you go from replenishing based on shipments to replenishment based on consumption and that is a whole different level of convenience for the consumer. And so that's why we're really bullish on that business over the long term as well.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Again, good morning, Bryan. Thanks for the question. Let me start with your first question with regards to the coffee capacity and the production availability. As we announced during -- starting actually mid of last year, we were expecting some slowdown ramping up our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in the K-Cups in Spartanburg slowing down. But during our last call, we also announced that Spartanburg will be turned on primarily in 2023. So that was our stance. In the meantime, we've also gone through a significant consumption demand coming from our consumers. And as we always do starting last year onward, we actually acquired new production lines utilizing the existing technology that we have. And we are commissioning them as part of our ramp-up plans. Therefore, two-third of that capacity already went in and one-third is also going to coming online in the upcoming quarters. Therefore, we feel good where we are with regards to managing our overall coffee production capacity. And also just to add you also asked the question when we will be feeling good in terms of restoring the capacity that we will be requiring and needing. And as we spoke to during our prepared remarks, we have seen sequential monthly improvements of restoring our production capacity. That includes inventory. That includes our service levels to our partners, to our retailers as well as our owned and licensed. And we expect actually to fully restore our capacity including all those spaces sometime in quarter two. Therefore, we feel very good where we are and it took a few quarters to go back to the levels that we were requiring for. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Absolutely, absolutely. And thanks for your best wishes as well, Bonnie. So let me start with the strategic asset investment program which we also define as one-time benefits that we have incurred. First of all, as you would remember, we have been implementing these initiatives since 2019. So there is no new news or no new initiative or implementation with regards to that. So over time, we have leveraged, as I was saying, the strategic asset investment program to cover investment and the significant inflationary and macro challenges. So this is important to understand the sources and the use cases. Then we also have occasional benefits that we can utilize in exceptional times, like, this that allow us to continue to protect investment in the growth of our business, which is super important to us, so we can continue to innovate and support our brands, which is one of the reasons why our elasticities have held up to this point very nicely. Going forward, as opportunities arise, we expect to use the strategic asset investment program as an effective tool or the single factor to drive marketing and other investments when required. Exact timing of these transactions is not predictable, because we take an overall holistic perspective and on an annual basis. So that's the important part. And I'd like to take the opportunity to expand for a little -- for five seconds on the other two one-times that you have mentioned, which one of them was the stock comp benefit. Now that we have almost four years of history as a public company, we have transited to estimating our restricted stock for futures raised, as opposed to actual events, which is in line with industry practice. So both practices are 100% in line with the US GAAP, as well as how our peer group is treating this type of expenses. And on the legal fees, over the past few years, we recognize as ongoing expense costs related to our litigation against BODYARMOR. And with the settlement agreement in our favor, we simply recognize the return of our legal fees to ongoing results and that will be it. Thank you.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yeah. Also thanks to you as well Lauren. So, I'm sure you all know that, we have a robust strategic plan as we have all taken you through back during our Investor Day October 1st last year. And obviously I have been one of the important architects of that plan along with Bob, along with the executive leadership team as well as our Board and I'm 100% behind that strategic stance. And when you do a double click you would see that, we have great growth opportunities in Coffee Systems, doubling our business overtime by recruiting new households as well as tapping to our innovation both in the brewers as well as the coffee beverages side. And we still have some white spaces that we can fill in. When we look to the cold beverages again, we have great growth trajectory in front of us so be it via distribution making it -- making our distribution more effective more impactful as well as efficient. As Bob was saying, we have quite a bit of still white spaces in select brand groups that will get us to new consumption occasions. That includes perhaps some geographical dimensions. And Bob was also saying M&A. Therefore as you see, it's a full package in terms of the growth trajectory that we have in front of us which makes us obviously very excited and motivated. And our job is to continue to execute very successfully against this strategic planning stance and deliver the business goals that we put on us.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yeah, absolutely, and again, thank you very much as well Kevin. So, on the CFO search as we announced publicly the decision was to go outside and recruit a world-class CFO. And for the fact that -- in order to deal with the complexity of our company, but also and more importantly to bring a CFO that will be able to navigate through the future growth plus the existing complexity of our company. And that's what we are looking for. And the search has already started. And we believe that we will manage the time lines that we have communicated previously in terms of being able to recruit.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Yeah. First of all, good morning, and thank you very much Andrea. With regards to your top -- and you also touched to the bottom line as well. So let me try to break it up. You are right we feel very bullish with regards to our top line as Bob explained the reasons. And on the basis of that, we have increased our guidance from mid to high-single-digit top line growth expectations, and there are so many proof points with regards to that. And coffee will be one of the important determinants of, especially second half kicking in after we reinstate and put all the supply chain disruptions that we have had. So -- and we are also planning to take a second round of pricing in most of our portfolio by early summer, which would be more or less in line with the peer group and the market players that we have all announced to the trade. Of course, there will be some different timing with regards to the implementation, but we feel very good with regards to our price expectations and what do all those mean and translate to our top line growth. Having said that, there's a reason why everyone is taking pricing which is the inflation factor that came in and continuing to come in higher than everyone's expectation. For example, when we step back and look and just to remind our previous communications 2021 approximately inflation came in as we announced around 7%. And we also said during our Q4 2021 call, which was like a couple of months ago, that we expect 2022 inflation to trend around low-teens. But in reality in Q1 we have faced approximately 15% inflationary pressure, which was higher than what we were expecting. And I'm sure you have heard what all other industry players have been saying, which is essentially in line with what I'm articulating right now. Therefore, true we are taking pricing. True at the same time our volumes continue to increase, coupled with our very strong in-market execution and you can see the proof point in our market share, which is around 80% of our LRB that we have either maintained or continued to gain market share. Therefore, really strong performance and delivery all around. But inflation is not stopping and we are still seeing a lag in relation of the pricing and the inflation. As you know, no one can take an anticipated inflation and pricing accordingly which on a pure math basis this means margins will continue to be under pressure as well as there will be a lag. But we also believe that towards quarter three and probably more in quarter four of this year, there will be we expect on the basis of our assumptions again an inflection point in terms of the pricing catching up to cost. And that's where the margin expansion actually will kick in from a pure math and algorithm perspective. Therefore, we believe that we have a good robust algorithm that we put out there. Inflation is real. Inflation is -- has been higher than what we were expecting. And it's nothing to do with our coverage whether we can cover or not, because there are some input cost elements that we cannot cover, no one can cover, for example, rPET, for example polypropylene that we use with regards to the material of the K-Cup pods and some parts of the transportation and labor. So you see, it's not like one or two. Therefore this is continuous levers that we pull in order to run our business as well as deliver against our algorithm. And of course, if we do see some opportunity to do better as you all know we are not going to hold back. But we think we have a good algorithm right now a balanced one that keeps us to continue to invest behind our brands and business.
