Bob Gamgort: Good morning, Bonnie. First is on brewer shipments. As we've talked about over the past couple of years, brewer shipments especially quarter-to-quarter are a great measurement of what's going on with household penetration. What I would suggest is that every third quarter has shipments built into it that are for the holiday season. And what you're seeing is a little bit of a pull forward this year meaning some of those holiday shipments that would have gone in October, November are going into the third quarter because of the pandemic retailers are trying to get ahead of everything. The most important thing to take away from that is the confidence that retailers have in Keurig for holiday gifting, in part driven by the innovation and the strong marketing support that we have in place and the feedback that we're getting on all of the brewers that we've introduced in the past year or so but especially the K-Supreme and the K-Supreme Plus which is really the featured item for this holiday has been leaning forward and really in a position to push Keurig for the holidays.  The single most important metric we gave you on this call, though, is our outlook on household penetration. Because as we've said before, shipments can be up and down in a quarter, they're somewhat useful to look over a longer period of time. But the most important metric we talked about today was the fact that we believe that instead of our typical run rate of 2 million households being added into the Keurig system in the year, we expect that now to be 3 million. And as we said before, attachment rates move up and down, shipments move from quarter-to-quarter. It's kind of interesting during the quarter, but it really doesn't mean much over the long haul. But an additional 1 million households is something that stays in the system for a very long time.  The question about the balance of the quarter, and what we're seeing here, I think we're in a position where we've now given visibility on household penetration. We gave you an indication of how we see pod volume growth delivering in the fourth quarter, which shows that, that is now smoothing out. And we've also been really clear that our guidance is at the high end or our latest estimates are at the high end of our guidance for the year and that we're going to reinvest everything else back into marketing and innovation.  And so, there's no new innovation being launched in the fourth quarter, because we have a huge line-up on our cold side as well as our hot side that we're now implementing in the fourth quarter. But the investments that we can make to get a head start on 2021 are just -- I would think are the right thing to do to ensure that we get off to a good start next year as well. And remember, we've committed to a three year target of total shareholder return that goes all the way back to 2018 and ends in 2021. And so, as we're confident in finishing our 2020 strong, we are shifting our sights to 2021 to make sure that's a good year as well. So, thanks for those questions. 
Bob Gamgort: Kevin, just to add to that, I mean, you could tell from Ozan's answer here that we are very focused on making sure that we run a highly efficient business, and we have a lot of programming going on for that. In terms of your question about beyond 2021, our focus has been, first of all, navigating through this crisis, which continues. I don't ever want to talk about it as if it's over because it's far from that; delivering 2020, setting ourselves up for 2021. At the right time in 2021, we will have a conversation with you guys about what does the post-2021 world look like for KDP and part of that will clearly be strong productivity and efficiency program, which will take you through at that time.
Bob Gamgort: Nik, with regard to your point about at-home and how we're thinking about our portfolio and our go-to-market strategy on here, I mean, we’ve referenced mobility data, and it's something that we look at very carefully, and we can get it down to a very granular level. But at the highest level, we think about people spending time at home, people spending time at work and then other. And other is a whole host of recreation activities, et cetera, and we can get more details on that. We have really built a portfolio that has the optionality to drive that at-home business. It's not like we are 100% at-home business, far from it. You see the negative impacts on our fountain foodservice business, you see the negative impacts on our away-from-home business. So we keep saying it's not like this was a windfall for us, but we do have the options to pivot towards that changing consumer behavior. And if it shifts, to pivot back. And I would point out, before I get on to coffee, which is an obvious answer. Even on our cold portfolio, we have made significant shifts in where we focus our selling efforts and what we're selling. And what you're seeing more is large outlets, planned purchase and stock ups are continuing to grow. Impulse, while improving sequentially is still down versus where it was before. And we focus a lot of our effort on the cold side of our portfolio on multi-pack, take-home packs, larger pack sizes, for example. And some of the growth that you're seeing in and outside of our CSD business is because we've been able to shift over the past couple of months from businesses that were more heavily focused on single bottles into multi-packs, and it's helping drive growth in our business.  I mean, obviously, when I shift over to the coffee side, the Keurig system was designed for at-home consumption. And we said year in and year out that don't worry about attachment rate, all we're focused on is household penetration. While we're seeing improvement in attachment rate as people spend more time at home, but more importantly, we're seeing an acceleration in household penetration. As I said a couple of times, it's really a lasting benefit. And as people think about their homes differently, both living at home as well as working from home, they're upgrading across the board, and we're seeing a combination of new people coming into our system at a higher rate. And we're also seeing upgrades in brewers of existing consumers, and that may not drive growth in the short-term, but it's a reconfirmation or a recommitment that they're in the system for the long-term. The away-from-home business, which is offices, has been a negative, and I want to offer 2 points of perspective. If you look at traffic in large offices, it's down 60%. So we've never quantified the size of our away-from-home business. But even if it was very small, a negative 60% trend on even a modest business has a major impact on us. Here's the good news. That really can only impact us now through, call it, February, and then it becomes actually a tailwind instead of a headwind. So the risk of that, which I know some people are focused on, is pretty well capped, and we've already given you some visibility in the fourth quarter anyway. And that really sets us up for strong at-home. And then the last point I would make on your overall conclusion, which is 100% right about where consumers are going is, our investment in e-com and our capabilities in e-com are paying off really well. When we launched this new company in 2018, and we talked about e-com and the legacy Keurig business and how we can apply it across the portfolio, I think most people were skeptical at best about what would e-com and beverage look like. Nobody is skeptical about it anymore, and it's an area that we're really focused. And if you saw the management changes that we made this week, embedded in that at a level below that, is also an increased focus and commitment to e-com because we think that's really the future.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. I think the longer-term view is always the best way to view this business. We talked about the year in and year out household penetration increases the system has seen, and there's been a lot of debate and a lot of analysis quarter-by-quarter. And sometimes when you look at the IRi data month-by-month, and it doesn't serve anybody really well. But when you step back and look at it, you see this nice, steady increase. And one of the comments that we made on an investor conference that we attended fairly recently was, we do expect household penetration to accelerate, and that's why we quantified that for you today to give you some perspective. But you have to always remember that we're operating off of an installed base of already 30 million households in the U.S. and 3 million households in Canada. So even an additional 1 million households, which is significant growth and profit generator for the long-term, you're putting them on top of an installed base of 30 million. And so it's such a solid business right now that it's not one that can be moved up or down quickly by any type of action, but it just speaks to the longer term potential. When we launched the business or the combined company in 2018, we put some information on our Investor Day that is 100% relevant today as it was then, and that is, we believe that household penetration for the Keurig system would go north of 50% over time. At the rate that we're growing, that's 10 years out before we even have a conversation of what happens beyond 50%. So you're looking at 10 years of solid growth. And all that this proves is that, as people think about spending time at home, they just step up their interest in the Keurig system, increased household penetration. And the dividends or the growth that you get of that plays out over the next couple of years, it's not an instant boost that you see. And then my last point is, you can look at the IRi data and see that we have been growing at-home consumption by north of 10% over the past 6 months or so. And on the latest period, it was plus 10%. And that tells you what's going on in-home. So if you look at that number and then you compare it to what you're seeing on some of the shipment numbers as we've been totally transparent, that is 100% driven by an away-from-home business, which is primarily large offices, where we're seeing, traffic attendance might be the better word in large offices, down [16%]. So again, that's been a significant drain on us, but there's a limit to that. Because as soon as we start hitting the month of March and we go into April, that becomes all opportunity and not risk, and it's really that simple to explain the disconnect between what you're seeing at-home versus what you're seeing in total.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. Peter, your comment is right about the disconnect sometimes and the timing of it, and it's really hard to forecast when they get aligned. But your statement that over time they align is 100% correct. And so that's some of the nuances we get quarter-to-quarter on Beverage Concentrates, but we don't spend a lot of energy on that because we know, over time, they align, and it's just difficult to try to predict that. The biggest takeaway from the Beverage Concentrates segment is the fact that we've seen sequential improvement in restaurants. And I would point out that when you look at the KDP businesses in fountain and foodservice, that's our business that we talked about that services restaurants and hospitality, it is heavily concentrated towards quick-serve restaurants. As we've talked about a number of times, Dr Pepper brand is the most available brand in quick-serve restaurants, and they have done a really good job of navigating towards drive-through and take out. And so even if there is a resurgence and as we look at what may happen in the next couple of months, we're really confident that, that segment, in particular, will not only hang in there, but may actually do better -- although that's not in our forecast, but it may actually do better as traditional sit down restaurants could become more challenged and people shift even more towards takeaway and drive-through. And so that's the way that we're thinking about it going forward, but we were encouraged to see the -- at least a sequential rebound in that business, and we're watching and partnering with those restaurant partners to try to help them grow their business, and they're doing an excellent job of navigating to the new world.
Bob Gamgort: Sure. Yes. Thanks for your question, Lauren. Good morning. I think there are a number of factors that are driving our performance, and we've dug into that and we’ve pulled it apart to make sure that we understand that we can continue to drive those things that are working. It is primarily driven by a combination of marketing, strength, innovation, which on -- across our portfolio, not just on our CSD brands with Dr Pepper and Cream and Canada Dry Bold, but we've introduced new buy items and a whole host of item across the board in Snapple, for example. They're playing out really well. And as I talked about on an earlier -- one of the earlier questions, we've also shifted our brands into the right pack sizes and formats and into the right channels. And that's not underperformance by anyone else, that's just us moving quickly towards the consumer, and I have every confidence that if the consumer were to shift again, we'd get ahead of it and we'd move back over there. So the household penetration gains that we're seeing, the great majority of it are driven by marketing innovation and good execution on our part, and it's not really driven by the thoughts about can shortages or executional missteps by anyone else. And so therefore, it's driving household penetration, which we believe will stick. The other subtle point that I would point out is, a number of our brands, the Dr Pepper brand, in particular, but other brands as well, a good portion of those are actually distributed -- manufactured and distributed by other independent companies and some of our peers. I know that gets confusing when we talk about it, but those who really dig into the business understand that. And just as we're gaining from good execution on our end, we actually get hurt by performance on the other end when there are can shortages or difficulty getting the product out there.  And so as strong as our results are, there are actually positives from our system being offset in some cases by negatives in other systems. And so it's not all windfalls, I keep saying, this is -- the results you're seeing are the net of positives and negatives, and we've been able to move through it really quickly, but it's not all positive that then become a headwind as you think about next year.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. Let me go back -- before I answer, I want to go back to your point, though, about the contractual pieces or whatever. If you look at social media and you look at some of the new stories that were popping up about shortages of some of our brands, that's all you need to know is what's actually happening out in the marketplace. And that's not coming from -- if you take a look at where that's coming from, it speaks to the broader challenge in the industry that has been well documented. So my point again is this is not a -- we're not -- there's no complaints. We never brought it up as an excuse. But if you really think about now flipping it to next year, I don't want anyone to take away from this is, we got all positives next year that will become negative this year, that will become negative next year. It's a mix. There are some things that will be more challenging to lap in 2021, but I have a long list of things that are negative this year that flip to the positive as well. And so it's really important to understand this is a balance between the two. And it's -- we're not just -- this isn't a weather report, we actually control the outcome in many cases. And so a lot of the positives are driven by the fact that we got ahead of things quickly, and we were able to pivot our business to do so. And it's a flexible business model, we can pivot again next year. To your point about the distribution pieces, as we talked about in the script, this partnership with Honickman that we talked about today is by far the single biggest move that we've made in this optimization. But we also talked about, there has been a string of smaller but very important moves that we've been putting in place over the past 2 years. And so you're starting to see some of that effect in the strong performance in the marketplace in 2020, but big moves like the one that we just talked about today as well as other partnerships with our independent distributors like the Polar deal, those are mainly 2021 and beyond. And I would suggest that the investments that we're making in our distribution infrastructure is part of the conversation we'll have about what does KDP look like beyond 2021. And you can see, clearly, we believe distribution is a critical asset with a lot of upside.
Bob Gamgort: Sure. Bill, good morning. And good to hear from you this morning. I'm smiling, you can't see that in-person because we remember when we took KGM private. We actually had some dinners and some meetings at that time with previous KGM investors and analysts and just to talk about the business and what we were thinking about doing over time because we knew at some point, we would be public again. And household penetration at that point was round numbers, 15%. And that was the exact same question, we got a 15% household penetration, and people were using the words like saturation. And we talked at that time about we have every indication the household penetration over time will be north of 50%. There is no sign of slowing down or saturation. And we talked about what were the barriers to entry. So if we really believe the number is that big, why isn't it happening now and doesn't everybody know about Keurig already, and our answer to that point was we still have a lot of work to do in terms of marketing, innovation, price points, features, improving sustainability. It's a long list of things that we have benefit of working on every single day. And then sometimes, it just takes time. And the number one reason why somebody moves to a Keurig machine is when they replace their coffee maker that breaks, and that just takes time. And so I understand the concept. We get this all the time, but we got that question, millions and millions of households to go, and I expect we'll continue to get that question going forward. But again, every indication is that we'll be north of 50% if we keep going on our game. That's 10 years out of strong growth, and I think that this latest quarter is just yet one more quarter on top of many that preceded it, that showed that that's the right way to think about our business.
Bob Gamgort: I think it's the same trend going on year after year. I mean if we -- we'll look at it in absolute numbers and how may that compare to 2020, I don't know yet because I don't know what the world is going to look like in 2021, but the best way to look at this business is over time. And every time you lengthen the time period from a quarter to 6 months to a year beyond that, the business makes total sense, and it does exactly what we just described. There are some quarter-to-quarter fluctuations and month-to-month. But as we look at 2021, solid innovation, lots of interest in the business, great marketing plans still in front of us, we're not worried about lapping 2020. We just think this is all part of the long-term growth in the system.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, you see it in the IRi numbers where you see the average price going up, and that's been a combination of some reduction in promotion as well as a shift interestingly, a shift towards more premium brands and we talked about before I think as people move from coffee out of the home and in home they take their favorite coffee shop brands with them, which tend to be priced higher. Hard to say what it's going to be in the fourth quarter. It really depends on what the consumer dynamics are and behaviors are. But I would expect, over time, promotional levels will return more towards normal. That's not something that we have -- we don't have lack of promotion baked into any of our plans. But in the short-term, if there's strong demand and there's some supply or stock issues at retail, if there's another stay-at-home type behavior, I think they’ll pull back on promotions across the board. That's potential to happen.
