Robert Gamgort: Closing out 2021 completes the three-year commitment established in January of 2018 at the announcement of the merger. Clearly, a lot has transpired since then, and throughout this time, the KDP team has remained focused, flexible and resilient. With one quarter left to go, we are confident that we will significantly over deliver our net sales commitment and achieve our 15% to 17% adjusted EPS commitment.  I will now turn back to the operator for your questions.
Robert Gamgort: We're very happy with revenue growth that we've seen. If you recall, when we put the company together, we talked about revenue – three-year revenue guidance of 2% to 3%, and we've far exceeded that. It's driven in a really healthy way through a combination of growth across the entire business, core business growth, and innovation, and it's fueled by great marketing as well and our execution at retail. So, the drivers behind it are sustainable. The contributions from our brands and the innovation pipeline is very strong.  Again, as we sit here in – during the Investor Day in October and we're looking out over the future, we think that mid-single digits is the right target. Remember that everybody is getting some revenue growth off of the pricing that we're putting in place right now. So, it's hard to look down the road and forecast what pricing will be over the next three to five years. So, we base it more on what the underlying volume growth is in a normalized pricing environment, and are comfortable that mid-single digits is the right commitment for us to make over the long term. Obviously, the trends that we're seeing right now are stronger than that.
Robert Gamgort: The questions that you're asking are on the minds of everybody in the industry. The fortunate thing is that we operate in a wonderful industry, beverages, and I'm including coffee in that as well, that is incredibly rational.  So, the objective is margin protection. And what we've all faced is an unprecedented level of inflation, certainly unprecedented in all of our working careers for the North American market level of inflation. There are three ways to offset that – pricing. And I would include RGM in pricing, and I'll talk more about that. Pricing, productivity, and then there's another lever, which is reinvestment back in the business. And so, we can pull those levers in different magnitudes based on the level of inflation and what we believe the impact will be on the overall business.  What we're seeing right now is that there's been a significant amount of pricing across the industry. The data that I have doesn't suggest that we were slower than anyone else. I think we were right in line. Different parts of our business realized the pricing faster than others. So, for example, our BC business has an immediate impact. When you take pricing, it hits the P&L. There's a delayed response in some of our other businesses, as it has to reach retail, and you have to protect some of the promotions in place. So that’s may be what you're thinking about there, but certainly there's been extensive pricing.  The impact of elasticities has been better than historical, and in part it's because of the way we've taken pricing and also the strength of the brands. And we've been able to find a way uniquely within I think the industry to continue to have positive gross margin in the quarter, for example, which gives us the opportunity to reinvest back in our business, which makes pricing even more possible because you continue to invest in your brand strength. So, I would suggest that that's the framework we approach 2022, and any prediction I would make in the future about elasticities, where do I think inflation is going to be, how do I think pricing will respond to that, not productive because it's impossible for anybody, including the Fed, to predict what's happening going forward. What I would say is that we manage this in a very dynamic manner. When there is more inflation, the industry has put on more pricing. And we have the other levers that I talked about in terms of productivity and reinvestment to pull to protect margin. And that's why we're confident in the guidance that we put out in October 1 in an environment as volatile as this. We still have the ability to manage our way through that. 
Robert Gamgort: Let me let me kick it off, Ozan, and then I'll turn it over to you. The timing between shipments – our shipments and bottler case volumes is always quarter to quarter some disconnect. They equalize over time. There's nothing notable there. And the best way to look at the underlying health of our business, and it's more of a leading indicator, is to look at the consumption numbers, the offtake numbers from IRI and Nielsen because that's the leading indicator of consumer demand that will pull our brand through, whether it comes through our system or through another entity's system, it's still our brand and that's reflected in those numbers. And you can see that they're exceptionally strong, particularly on Dr Pepper, which is the largest brand that flows through multiple systems. So, everything is very positive there. There's nothing to note. Ozan, you want to talk a little bit about the inflationary impact on our partners and how they offset that.
Robert Gamgort: I think we lost the end of it. But let me give you a point of view on this space here. On alcohol, in particular, is an area that we look at, it's very similar to the way we look at beverages in total. So as we said, when we put the other coffee with cold beverages, that we thought there was an opportunity to look at beverages holistically. It's the same with alcohol. Now, the complexity of distribution is one that has been pointed out by many including us. And I think that what you referenced with regard to Pepsi is very interesting in how they're being creative around that.  What you're seeing is really the intersection of two opportunities. One is portfolio expansion to new territories, as well as consolidation in the distribution assets to make sure that they are at scale and therefore more efficient. And so, we look at both of those opportunities. And the one that you point out is there is some overlap. So, it's an area that we continue to study. As we had pointed out on the Investor Day, we participate in alcohol in a variety of ways that I think was surprising that people. We talked about the business we have in Canada, where the distribution environment is very different. The fact that we do licensing in the alcohol space, and we think that our brands can play in alcohol nicely, the fact that we're the number one mixer company which has us participating in alcohol consumption occasions at a much higher rate. And we put all of that knowledge and objective together to think about that.  So I think, in short, there's a lot of complexity to do this in the US. It's interesting to see how others are looking at it. We look at beverages holistically, and so it's certainly on our radar screen. It'll be something in the broadest sense that we'll be talking about in the future.
Robert Gamgort: First of all, I'll start with the team. We're really proud and pleased with the team that we have in place right now. We continue to build capabilities. If you look at where we have drawn team members, especially at the most senior levels, and you see it at the EL, executive team level. But I would also say, at the level of direct reports to the executive team, it's very similar. Wide range of packaged goods experience with a focus on beverages. We like to pull people from all elements of beverages. So we have non-alcohol as well as alcohol experience. We have a number of people who in that individual have experience in both. We also have people who have a number of experiences both within North America as well as international experience. And we think that this combination of skills, experiences, backgrounds and style make us much stronger as a team. And we will continue to add talented team as well as promote and upgrade talent from within as we've done. So, it is a critical part for our ongoing success to make sure that we've got the management team who can really lead the business of the future.  So let's talk about some of the future-looking comments or questions that you ask right there. Again, we go back to our original thesis for putting the two companies together is that beverages historically had been managed in silos. And we thought if we took a look at it from a consumer perspective that we would be better off and it's exactly what we've seen, is that consumers don't think about beverages in formats, the silos. They think about needs and occasions and they use multiple beverage formats, brands, products, etc., to satisfy those needs.  So, by taking a consumer first, need-based approach, it has really informed our innovation pipeline, both in the cold and hot side to great success, as you see, it's driven our marketing programs. And it helps us think about partnerships going forward, whether that's a partnership like Polar that was our most recent one, in which we have a long term franchise agreement with them, but not ownership. Or partnerships where we have seen investment or ultimately acquire the business as we've done with others.  When you think about our distribution assets, which is another area that you point to, we put the company together in 2018, and talked about seven different ways that we went to market. We ranged from direct store delivery, to wholesale direct, to franchise – our fountain foodservice which is our on-premise business. But the other one that we talked about at that time was ecommerce, and there was very little appreciation for ecommerce, particularly in beverage in 2018. And that's changed dramatically.  We have seen the percentage of our ecommerce business grow. We've talked to you before. That's north of 10%. It's higher on our coffee business. It grows significantly faster than our average business. And we are in position to be the market leader, the category leader in this space, driven by the historical strength of Keurig. And now with Keurig, where there's always been a substantial ecommerce business, the fact that we are selling brewers that are smart brewers that can recognize the pod, that can trigger an order direct to consumer based on actual SKU level consumption, suggests that we are thinking way ahead in terms of what the next steps are in terms of distribution routes, as well as efficiency.  My last point is it ties back to the question that Kevin asked, in addition to portfolio whitespace and finding new points of distribution, we think our CSD asset is a competitive advantage. But we also believe in consolidation and distribution in the industry. And we'll look for ways to continue to consolidate distribution and drive more efficiency and effectiveness through that really important asset to us.  So, I think I've covered all of your forward-looking points. If there's anything else on there or anything I missed, let me know.
Robert Gamgort: As you know, Polar continues to be responsible for the brand in their territories. And we've expanded outside of the Northeast for them. Right now, we're at 60% ACV distribution in the territories for which we're responsible. We're happy with that. It continues to grow. We've achieved now just under a four share of that category, which is a sizable and growing category. And we're happy with the trajectory that we're on.  I was out just recently doing retail in a number of markets across the country, and I was really pleased with the level of distribution and display activity that we're getting. And in stores in which we haven't gotten it fully slotted onto the shelf yet because of timing, I saw a lot of off-shelf display pressure, which will continue to grow the brand.  The Polar team is responsible for marketing the brand. And it's something that we work with in conjunction – work with them on. And I agree with you that, as this distribution base continues to build, and we have great push activity behind it, needs to be supported with an increasing amount of consumer poll activity. And that's something that we're continue to work with them on. But I think that the foundation is in place to be able to activate that. And overall, we're just really pleased with how that business is trending.
Robert Gamgort: Let me talk a little bit about just pricing in total on pods and then, Ozan, why don't you pick up on the partner agreements and potential pricing there. I think pricing is always an interesting conversation in the context of K cup pods because we have intentionally been lowering the price, although I know for analysts and investors that was always something of concern. We always point out that that was an intentional strategy that has continued to drive household penetration. And we knew that the price was too high. And we're able to back up those price investments with strong levels of productivity because, as the price came down, we were able to expand margin. That's certainly the proof point that it was intentional. We had that well under control. We are seeing an increase in the underlying price of coffee. And while that is a lesser component of a finished K cup pod than somebody who's selling roast and ground coffee, it still is of a magnitude where we know that pricing is appropriate and required. So we pass it on immediately in the form of pricing in our owned and licensed brands. And we do think that's the right thing to do, given the inflation. But it's a little more complex in the partner situation as well as private label. And I think, Ozan, why don't you talk that through because it's a good opportunity to remind everyone how our contracts work and what they're likely to see inside and outside of the KDP P&L.
Robert Gamgort: I think just to build on that, as I said before, just to reemphasize, our objective is margin protection. Our levers to pull are a combination of pricing, productivity and reinvestment. And we have different mechanisms in different contracts to be able to protect margin against that, using that entire basket.  And in the case of coffee, which has been the most inflationary item within the manufacturing and delivery of a K cup pod – as we said, we're not responsible for it for most of our partners. And in the case of our own brands, we immediately took pricing, which by the way, as you can see, didn't really show up at all in Q3 based on the timing of the pricing and the lag on that. So, that's the actual pricing that we put in place, and we've seen across the industry as more to come.
Robert Gamgort: First of all, I think you're connecting things that aren't connected right now. So you're looking at our 2022 guidance, which was our initial guidance that we were in a position to – I think really felt obligated to provide some guidance in October, four to five months in advance of when we normally would. And as we've shown, since the very beginning, we pick our guidance and our commitments really seriously. We're pretty much the only company that held on to guidance during COVID. So when we put a number out there, we treat it as a commitment and an obligation. And so, when we're sitting there in October, operating an incredibly volatile environment that nobody can predict, we feel that it was important to set expectations for 2022 that was friendly to investors, so that they could plan appropriately.  So, connecting coffee contracts and our ability to price or not, which I think we just explained in great detail over the last two questions to our guidance for 2022, I think is not appropriate.  Having said all that, I'm going to say what we said a couple times today. Inflation is one input cost. We are managing around a range of inflation. One of the pieces that I think is not well understood is as soon as we talk about inflation, immediately, I see reports jump to commodities and hedging. Let's be clear, the inflation that the industry is seeing right now is way beyond commodities. It's packaging, it's labor, transportation. Some, if not most of those, cannot be hedged and are impossible to forecast. So, everybody is getting exposed to a high level of inflation. We're exiting 2021 at the highest run rate of the year. Nobody can fully predict how that's going to flow through in 2022. But if you're entering the year at the highest level of the previous year, that would cause you to say, okay, there's going to be increasing pressure and we're going to have to offset that through a range of pricing, productivity and reinvestment. Last point I would make as you think about 2022 is we're really clear. Our marketing is up in 2021 versus 2020. We intend for our marketing to be up in 2022 as well. The industry took down marketing in 2020 versus 2019 reluctantly, but the whole industry did it. Our objective is to build it back because we think investment in our brands behind innovation is the most important thing, and it's fueling the top line. So there's an assumption in 2022 that we're going to reinvest. And you can figure that into the estimates as well.  So, that's our outlook for 2022. It's early. We're going to provide a lot more information when we're in our normal position of doing so in early February. We take our commitment seriously. And we're really pleased with the growth of our business and believe that the right thing for us over the long term is to continue to invest in growth and not cut marketing spend to be able to offset any margin pressures.
Robert Gamgort: There are a variety mechanisms for us to recover inflation on the pod side of the business. Pricing is one of them. Productivity is another. My black point on this one is – I said this for the past three years that the focus on pricing on coffee, while it makes sense from a traditional CPG perspective, makes no sense in the coffee pod business when the company is intentionally trying to lower prices. And even in an inflationary environment, we're trying to keep prices down. We're only passing on the coffee costs because they are excessively high.  With regards to the rest of our business, we have a significant amount of productivity and mechanisms to take more pricing if we choose going forward. But remember, our overarching strategy is to try to keep prices down even in the face in the face of inflation and protect our margins through a combination of productivity and pricing. In this business, we have leaned on productivity because it's available to us much more than pricing because it's the right thing to do for the ecosystem of Keurig.  Recognize that concept is very different concept than traditional CPG. I would also say it's the beauty of the Keurig system because it truly is an ecosystem. That's an overused phrase, but it's true in the case of Keurig. And that's what makes this thing work over the long term. You can't focus on one metric because if you do you have you run the risk of damaging the long term growth of the system. And you could see that, if anything, we're accelerating the growth of the system, which really drives everything. 
Robert Gamgort: Let me hit the first one and then, Ozan, you want to talk about hedging and duration of our positions and how we think about that.  Yeah, on the international side, with regard to M&A specifically, as we talked about in our Investor Day, we're really excited about being able to use our high levels of discretionary free cash flow to look beyond debt reduction as we're just about to reach our long-term leverage targets. And we talked about the capacity to do $20 billion worth of M&A.  There are four areas that we talked about in that portfolio, whitespace distribution and consolidation within distribution, adding capabilities to our business. And then we also talked about market expansion or international. So, it's one of the top priorities. I don't want to rank them because it's going to be dependent upon not just our needs and our opportunities, but what is available and what kind of partners are on the other side. We've got really nice business in Mexico. We hadn't talked about it very much. And we were proud to share with you the business that we built in Mexico at Investor Day.  Similarly, in Canada, we have a nice business there that we have really driven nicely. And we believe that both of those markets are – we've got a position there with management, infrastructure capabilities that are scalable. And so, we see opportunities in those two markets.  And then I really don't want to talk beyond that because our objective is to make sure that we leverage the investments that we already have in place and scale them before we look at completely open territory, although that's not off the table, and see a lot of exciting opportunities across all of North America, not just in the US. Ozan, you want to talk about the hedging in our commodity position.
Robert Gamgort: Thank you very much for joining us today. Our teams are out all day. So if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us. We're here.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Of course. Particularly on the bevcon, as you were saying, Bob, bevcon comes in two pieces. One is the bottlers and the distributors that we work as well as our fountain foodservice business. And specific answer to the question, Pete, on the mechanism of our bottlers and distributors pricing, most of our bottlers and distributors are on incident pricing, which, as you know, is a quite a bit sophisticated algorithm that starts from the shelf prices, then goes to the bottlers and distributors and reflects to us. Therefore, this is a best-in-class in terms of pricing adjustments that take place in the marketplace. And that also includes the sophisticated revenue growth management strategies that we deploy on a consistent basis.  Therefore, as Bob also alluded a couple of minutes ago, the whole sector took some forms and shapes of pricing actions, either shelf price improvements or using a sophisticated revenue growth management strategies. And as a result of that, there's a net flow through to our bevcon business. And given the nature of the bevcon that we ship and sell and transfer the concentrate, the increase in the pricing in that segment reflects in our numbers right away. Right away meaning a little earlier than the packaged beverages, for example, that takes a little bit gap between the price improvements, we turn into the finished product, ship it and sell it across the board. So, that will be our algorithm that make us to realize very good margin improvement from the pricing in bevcon.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Actually, I like to expand a little bit because, obviously, the whole inflation and the pricing algorithm is so interrelated to each other. As we shared with you, and I'm sure you are seeing this every day, like everyone else, we are experiencing a significant increase in inflation, particularly in packaging materials, labor, lately coffee beans, Corning glass, and so forth, which is a broad base of our input costs, combined with transportation. And the latest one, we are seeing pressure on the labor shortage as well as the availability.  As we also shared with you a little while ago, we expect overall inflation rate for 2021 to impact us negatively around 6%. And also, inflation has accelerated through 2021, with the second half being higher than the first half. So, what does this mean? This means that we are entering into 2022 at a higher second half run rate. So, we expect that at least the first couple of quarters of 2022 to face tougher comps than the second half of 2021.  Having said that, during our Investor Day, October 1, we also shared with you that our long term outlook is for continued adjusted operating margin growth fueled by primarily three things – productivity, mix and overhead leverage – while we continue to invest in our brands to continue to drive our strong growth.  Therefore, at this point in time, our 2022 outlook is our best estimate based on a range of assumptions, which is very important to articulate and this is how we have been managing the enterprise for a while, which is a balance between the inflation, pricing, productivity and business investments. Obviously, the more we know, we will update you and the timing of that update would be during our February 2022 call that will announce our quarter four and the full-year results.  But in summary, we believe in the strength of our plan and the algorithm that we put in front of you that will deliver over time.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: And as we say, use the genetic code on partners, and obviously, we include the branded partners we have as well as private label. It's one group for us. And as we shared with you, not the specifics, but in general terms, our partner contracts are for long-term duration. So, they are not for the short term. And the contracts obviously specify all the details in terms of the working relationship.  So, when we do the double click, we also see that, as KDP, we are not responsible to source the coffee beans for the most of our partner group. So, what does this mean? This means that any fluctuation, plus or minus, in the coffee bean procurement, responsibility of the profit and loss management lie with the partner group. That also obviously includes the pricing on the shelves that we have zero saying and it's their business and their job to decide how they manage their pricing.  And in some instances that we are responsible in terms of the coffee bean supply, we use our broad hedging strategies and techniques by considering all these puts and takes and protect ourselves at all times. So, this is our overall working relationship from the core manufacturing side of our business and how we set the algorithm between the partner groups as well as the branded ones as well as the private label. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: First of all, we are not at a position to disclose all the detailed relationship between us and our partners. I'm sure you will appreciate. But if I want to make, let's say, overall general statement on that one, we always look to several pieces as a kind of basket between – from the manufacturing perspective, that includes some of the input cost. As you said and as I said that we are not responsible for the most part from the coffee beans. But there are some other elements, as you say, but that's why we have our overall productivity programs. That's why we always look for further efficiencies in our business in order, first of all, to help us to improve our margins as we have been doing as well as to weather these type of non-persistent or persistent inflationary environments. Therefore, it wouldn't be right just to look to one piece element and try to make sense out of it, but rather we need to look holistically and that's how we were managing not only coffee, but all segments of our business on the basis of the relationship with pricing, the inflation, productivity as well as the business investments.  And as we have also spoke, we also improved our pricing on the owned and licensed that will be impacting our numbers. And you will see in the data as well starting quarter four onwards. And as we also said that we are very pleased both on the coffee beverages as well as cold beverages that the sector is very rational and very responsible to manage the inflation and the pricing relationship. Therefore, we are very pleased, Laurent, with our algorithm and our working relationship with our partners in all pieces of the elements. 
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Absolutely. And I like to expand a little bit on this because this is a very important topic and is ever changing, especially times of COVID proved how vigilant and flexible and adaptive we need to be.  First of all, when we look to the sources of the inflation, you will see that that's across the board. That includes, as you were saying, Bob, the main commodities that we buy that we have several sophisticated hedging strategies and techniques that we apply.  But that is not all. There are other elements of the cost of goods sold that are being increased as part of the general inflation. That includes transportation, warehousing, which is hard to being able to hedge, for example, and even some parts of our portfolio in the packaging like polypropylene which is the main material that we use in the K cups. The traditional hedging techniques do not work there.  But having said that, what is important for us that we manage this again in a very basket driven basis by looking to several scenarios and assumptions. And of course, we do change our hedging strategies and policies on the basis of the expectations as well as taking very different blends of positions again, depending on which segment of our business.  But beyond that, we are also very active to protect ourselves because inflation comes obviously as an increased price, but the availability is also important. Therefore, we have been very active of trying to find alternative suppliers. And beyond that alternative suppliers, also diversifying geographically the sources of the input to fulfill our business requirements.  Therefore, when we say hedging, it summarizes quite a bit, but it's not all there are several legs to how we manage the overall cost of goods sold base of our company. That includes the supplier relationship. That includes the diversification. That includes the geographical diversification at the same time. Therefore, it's a very vigilant part of our business that we are all over and spending a huge amount of time to get it right. And what matters at the end of the day that we manage this complex situation on the basis of the various assumptions and still continue to successfully deliver against our financial commitments. As we have been doing a little bit more than three years, I think the model that we have adopted has proven to be successful, and we will continue to act as such. 
