Robert Gamgort: Thanks, Ozan. Before opening it up for questions, I'd like to provide some closing thoughts on the quarter. We started 2019 on a strong note and are on track to deliver our commitments for the full year. Nine months into the combination of these two businesses, we remain confident in achieving our long-term merger targets and the value creation framework we laid out over a year ago. Our brands are performing well in the marketplace and we continue to invest in innovation and marketing to ensure we position our brands and our company for future success. Finally, the profit and cash flow generation of the new business remain strong, as evidenced by our synergy delivery, margin expansion, and debt reduction. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator for questions.
Robert Gamgort: I see it as very steady performance on a business that doesn't fluctuate much quarter-in, quarter-out. So on a 52-week basis, the category was up 7%, and the latest quarter was plus 5%, I mean that's all within the normal range of movement. If you look at our KDP manufactured share. On a 52-week basis it was just around 82, on the quarter as you point out, it was around just above 81 share, which we talked about was down slightly versus year ago. If you look at the latest four weeks of IRI covering April, which we just got in, we're back up to almost 82and we're up versus a year-ago. So I look at the movements that you're talking about all within sort of the margin of error and I don't see anything significant in those numbers at all.
Robert Gamgort: Our household penetration has continued to march up now on a nice pace mid-to high-single digits for the past couple of years innovation, marketing, in-store merchandising, addressing a lot of the barriers to household, adoption, price for example we talked about of pods price of machines, quality of machines is up significantly. All of that combined is what's driving that steady increase in household penetration and our eyes are squarely focused on the $61 million households that we identified back in our investor presentation that our drip coffee consumers that really should be converted the single-serve and every piece of work that we do, whether its brewer innovation or marketing are all the other pieces I just listed there are targeted that’s bringing those people in and it's going along very nicely. This latest introduction the K-Duo [ph] brewer, specifically addresses one of the barriers to grow that we know that people have, which is our barriers the system about you know people have. I want to be able to make single serve during the week for example on the weekend when I company over, I want to be able to make a large batch. I don't want to have two machines on-the-counter. So for the first time, we're giving them a platform of multiple machines under this platform that allows them to do full carafe of coffee using regular drip early process as well as a single serve K-Cup with no compromise in quality, all in one machine. So all of this is what continues to drive that steady march upward in our household penetration.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, I think in both cases - in both in terms of our portfolio and in terms of our distribution and selling capability. I think one of the exciting parts about our business is how much opportunity for gain we have going forward. One metric is to say, how good is our existing portfolio or how good is our existing distribution system today versus our peer set. I think the more important metric for value creation is where do we think we can go from here. And we have more white space to fill. You can see that, if you take a look at your numbers and we're going about doing that. And we have a great opportunity to continue to improve our distribution system, both in terms of its effectiveness, as well as its cost structure, and you can see that starting to flow through as well. So that's the exciting part of the opportunity going forward. Your point about sourcing new deals, I wouldn't dismiss the fact that the two new deals that we came in here, because of relationships. Relationships are really important in this industry, and they allow you to cut through a lot of noise and the fact that I'll just use ASHOC as an example. The fact that we were able to make the core acquisition which was founded by Lance Collins which continues to do incredibly well by the way that business is now. If you look at the latest IRI on a 52-week basis, it's $225 million, if you look on a run rate basis it's significantly higher and it's still growing at close to 60%. It tells you that's a really good addition to our portfolio. The fact that after we closed that deal we're able to down and partner on an opportunity in an area where we have white space. I think it's a competitive advantage that we have these strong relationships rather than going out there. And the last part, I would say as we see a lot of deals. The good news is we're in a position where a combination of our ability on improving our distribution system off of the strength that are already had. And the fact we have white space is known by others, and so we get a steady inflow of ideas. The issue here is not where do we source them from and which ones we choose as to make sure that we don't over pay for anything. And I think that the big shift that you're seeing with us certainly, but with other in the beverages. There is no desire to pay these crazy high multiple sales. We'd rather partner with people, earlier in the process when things are more reasonable and grow the business together. So it's not about are the available, it's a question of, will they add value to our portfolio and I think we're showing good business money.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, I think our ambition a couple years ago as you referenced was, first of all to introduce better machines across the board, both in terms of the quality as well as the do they deliver new features and benefits and price point is critically important. So job one was to cover the price range. So between the K-COMPACT the K-Mini as you referenced, all the way up to the Okay-Elite we covered the sort of the core I call base cured Brewer from a price point as low as $49 all the way up to around $150 or $160. As part of the next move is to getting into new occasions so specialty coffee with the K-Café that Cappuccino and Latte was really important for us. [K200] is critically important as I said one of the top five barriers to system adoption is the desire to be able to produce a large batch of coffee on occasion without having to machine. So I think we cover the whole price range and even, you will see when we the K200 line is a line of actually three different brewers at a wide range of price points. So it's a combination of features, benefits, esthetics but also price point and we know we talked about this in our Investor Day back in March of 18. We actually know that there is a opportunity on the high end of brewers, not just the low end, there are people who are willing to pay, significantly more for a better looking brewer and one that delivers additional benefits. And so we're filling in all of those areas of whitespace in our brewer portfolio.
Robert Gamgort: I think I mean, it definitely does a number of people have said that we’re probably out of the M&A game because we're focused on delevering, and therefore we can’t take on more debt to make acquisitions. And my first response is always we were able to do a great acquisition with Core using our equity in a win-win scenario that was attractive to both sides. So I think we have a lot of optionality for deal. And again what I'll reiterate is, it’s not an issue of being able to source deals, the real issue is can we create win-win scenarios where we have a deal structure and a price point that allows us to create value, not destroy value and it's been fairly well documented. When you take a look at a lot of the big name beverage deals that trade at north of five or six times sale. Every single one of those has destroyed value even when it's a good brand it's destroying value because you never pay that back. And look at Core for example. Core's business is on fire, it up scaled already. When you take a look at it, we paid around two times sales for that, and we used equity to do that. That was a tremendous value creation mechanism, it was also strategically sound for us, and it was a win for the seller as well. So again we have lots of optionality, the door is open, we are talking with lots of people at the matter picking the right brands and the right partner to do business with.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, I think I mean so, they're both a mixture of sort of central and sort of decentralized management. By its very nature, a DSD system has a central component to it. We're selling to, for example to national retailers that have to be all coordinated and have to be executed flawlessly in every retail outlet. So there is a heavy component that centralized even within the DSD system. But to your point, the game is won or lost store-by-store, shelf-by-shelf, day-in, and day-out. And with the DSD system, you have a tremendous amount of latitude to influence merchandising and distribution at the local level. It's why we like it so much, that’s why there are only a few systems and we're one of them that can get a single bottle or can merchandise nationally in every small outlet in a cold format that is a very local action. So the real magic is combination of the centralized decision making with an execution force that can be coordinated locally, that's how sort of the magic happen.
Robert Gamgort: Sure, we watch this tariff situation closely. If you take a look at the next wave of tariffs that have been announced, because you got to break it down to the individual items that are impacted, that won't impacts our accessories and some warranty part. So with that, at this stage it's a minimal impact we're talking less than $1 million. Now if that continues to expand it starts to impact more and more of our business. But at that point it impacts everything in the consumer electronics and appliance world and I imagine there will be a price reaction. I mean pricing will be taken in response to that, but we continue to look for opportunities to diversify our supply base and we've already done so to make sure that were spread - our risk is spread geographically as well. So right now, we watch it no immediate impact and we're taking a lot of actions to mitigate any future impact.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, the energy segment is attractive, both in terms of the absolute size as well as its growth rate and is the case in every consumer category where there's a large attractive segment it begins to fragment until you start to break things out in terms of differential benefits, clean energy, more fitness oriented energy, and that's the normal pattern you see in every large high growth segment. And so the point is we can be a player in that as well. The important point to emphasize those back to the distribution, part of it is brands or part of it. The equation, the other part of it is also distribution and there are only a few systems of scale that can take advantage of putting those brands in the right point of distribution and we happen to be one of them, so it makes perfect sense for us to play within the energy space. And as I said, a number of times in a lot of these large fast growing attractive categories. We don't have to be the number one or even number two player in some of the segment. We just have a meaningful business. It's incremental to our portfolio that allows us to participate in these really attractive categories. And energy is an area where we have a lot of white space and therefore we view that is purely opportunistic for future growth, which is why we're entering into this with multiple players. In addition, by the way, we talked about A Shoc and RUNA today, but remember, we also have photo energy shot. We also acquired the [indiscernible] brand as part of the big Red acquisition, which is growing really nicely right now off of a relatively small base but in terms of growth, doing quite well, and so we look at any space like energy as an opportunity to attack it with multiple brands and multiple ideas to be able to get our fair share of that.
Robert Gamgort: So let's start with the pricing piece of it. You know as we talked about in the past year, that we should expect pricing to decline and we said that would happen for a couple of years. And it's not - one of these that I'd like to comment on is, it's not something that surprises us, it's totally expected. And as part of our strategy, even more importantly, so we've driven significant productivity which we reflected in pricing to our partners, which has allowed us to sign multi-year contracts with all of them. And it's also allowed the prices to be passed on to the consumer, which addresses the number one barrier - previously was the number one barrier to household penetration, which was the price of Pod. This is all part of the strategy for us. And you can see the fact that this was intentional part of our strategy by two metrics. Categories growing, our KDP manufactured shares very healthy at 82% and the margin in our coffee systems continues to grow despite the pricing. So those are all that sort of proof points I would give that this is not an accident, this is part of a broader strategy. Having said that, we talked about moderation in pricing over time, and you're seeing that happen. So if I take a look at KDP manufactured price at retail, as an IRI metric, $0.52 a pod, that's down from $0.53 a pod, which was the case for almost all of 2018. If we talk about a penny drop over a year on that, where does that come from? If you actually go in look at in detail, you will see brand-by-brand, the brands are dropping their prices. You're seeing slightly more mix going towards private label, which is inherently lower price therefore it's diluting sort of the overall price. But it's not people - individual brands dropping their price, it's more of a mix. And the other element that's happening is, as this category gets more established, we're all shifting our packs to larger sizes, which makes sense, with the amount of consumption that goes on and the number of households now that have a system, buying a 10 or 12 pack of pods doesn't make sense anymore. So you're seeing a big - a shift a bigger pack, which on a per pod basis actually reduces the price slightly. But from a margin standpoint, it's a win for everybody. But I don't see the retail price is really a significant negative and as I said, it's all expected. The other thing I would point out is if we set forth. We have multi-year contracts with the great majority of our partners, so we actually know what our pricing is to them for the future and you're starting to see that as well. The other metric you can look at it with our own quarterly releases you can see the pricing headwind that would be in our net revenue line. And about a year ago that was a 6.5% decline you looked at, by the end of the year was minus 3%.If you look at this quarter, minus 2.5%. So everything that we've been saying over the past year or so is all coming true, which is moderation and pricing and everything else moving in the right direction. It's going to continue for a period of time and that's said, we've been consistent on that and it’s not like, okay that's over with this year it's going to continue for a period of time, but everything else is exactly as we described.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, it actually, it has more of a revenue impact than a profit impact and the reason is, when we sell a company-owned brand we get we reflect the revenue everything in that brand. Whereas we sell partner brand in some cases we're only reflecting the revenue we get for converting the parts for them. So as more of a dilutive impact on revenue than anything else remember when it's your own brand you also apply overhead and marketing expenditure to it. So that's why we say from a profit impact we're more agnostic. From a revenue standpoint, has more of an impact on us look what we said [ph] here today, is we manufacture 82% of the pod that are in the marketplace are now. That's the most important metric of all and the composition within there has shifted slightly. Our owned and license business, around 23% of all pod sold are partners are about 50% of the market. And then we produce private label that represents about 9% of the market. The fact that the owned and licensed side is declining a little bit right now is all sort of part of our greater strategy. And as I always point out to people at one point, we had 100 share and so as we continue to add more brands including private label brands to the marketplace. Because it’s the systems to grow, but it dilutes our share and that's been going on in this business since the beginning actually guys [ph] when you go back and look there were years in 2014/2015 when the share loss was greater than it is right now.
Robert Gamgort: I’ll come at the innovation piece first then I'll come back on the pricing piece. On the innovation front, as we talked about on the calls here we've got - last year really strong year on Canada Dry the business growing about 15% partially driven by innovation of Canada Dry Ginger Ale and lemonade which continues to be strong this year, but also just based growth on the base Canada Dry business driven by a lot of good things including some very good marketing behind that. That continues into this year and we're introducing now a diet version of Canada Dry Ginger Ale and Lemonade which was a request for from consumers and retailer based on the success that they saw. And then we're introducing a Ginger Ale and Orangeade version of that. We've got a limited edition version of Dr Pepper you're seeing limited additions do well in the marketplace. And clearly there is good social media buzz right now going on of Dr Pepper, we’re seeing a bunch of variance increasing on our Snapple business Lemonade focused and then even Sunkist brand is doing quite nicely right now behind innovation. So we're really pleased with the level of innovation that we see on CSDs. We've got a strong pipeline that will continue going forward. And you see it in the fact that we continue to gain market share on our total CSD business, which is probably one of the most important indicator. In addition to the innovation on our own portfolio, remember we're still in the very early stages of - our new partner brand agreements. We're just ramping up Evian as we speak. Peet's and Forto are growing nicely right now again, very early days on that. And then we just talked about some of the energy deals that we've entered into. So our team is really busy out there. They've got a lot of innovation to sell and the traction is all of that innovation is getting in the marketplace is really encouraging. Talk about the pricing side if you take a look at where we were in the fourth quarter, which we discussed in the last call. The category of CSDs I'm talking about now is up about 6% price and we were up about 6% in price. The difference was our elasticity was significantly better than the category. So the volume loss that we saw associated with that price increase was about half the level that the category we saw and that's why we were gaining share nicely at that point. If you look at the first quarter, you see that it looks, if you go in IRI or Nielsen numbers, it looks like our pricing actually went up fairly significantly versus the fourth quarter. In fact IRI shows our pricing up 7.5% that is specifically related to timing and strategy around certain promotions and I can even pinpoint it down to certain pack sizes in certain geographies, where you see a very significant increase in year-over-year pricing, at the 100% due to change in some tactics and timing around promotions. If you look at the Easter time period, it continued we were up 6%, category was up 3.5%. So, we were way above the category on pricing, again it's all promotion, and we were up 6.5% in revenue during the Easter time period. So we're pleased with where we're at, the pricing is obviously - there is no concern about its sustainability, it's clearly sticking, and we're growing revenue and share as a result. But there will be some re-calibration on our promotions from time-to-time as we dig into this and understand sort of promotion returns and effectiveness even better. We're doing a lot of fine-tuning of certain packs. Your point about small packs, the whole industry is doing well on small packs. We have a significant amount of upside to get more brands and more distribution on that. And that's good from a consumer standpoint it's good from pricing and profit standpoint as well. So, we still have a lot of runway in front of us on that opportunity.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, I will talk about sort of brand pricing dynamic. I don't want to talk about a hypothetical category starts as well, because we have no indication of this. And the fact that we're plus 5% on a quarterly basis versus plus 7%, that's all noise to be honest with you. We don't want to react too strongly to those kind of numbers quarter-to-quarter. I think if you take a look what's really interesting within the pod business, is a lot we made about growth in private label, which is fine, it's an entry-level price point for consumers that brings them into the system. It's the brands opportunity now to trade people up to their favorite brands at higher quality to pay more premium price on that. But that's where a lot of - I see a lot of the reporting on. What gets missed in that conversation is, what’s also growing significantly in the pod category is the premium price brands those brands that are still priced close to $0.70 are still growing and gaining share within the system, and you're not seeing really any reduction in price at the premium level at all In fact you see some brands actually in the last quarter what - it's due to promotion went up slightly in price. So it tells you that you're getting all kinds of consumers into the system. You're getting people that are price sensitive you're also getting people now who recognize the quality are willing to pay for it and look for their favorite coffee shop brand in a pod as well. And in that segment you got Peet's and Starbucks and Duncan are in there. And collectively if you add them up, they're all growing share as well. So I think it's very healthy situation in the pod market and you're seeing it start to settle out in this sort of good-better-best pricing structure that you see in almost every category.
Robert Gamgort: On the Evian business again, Evian is a little different than our Peet's or Forto or A Shoc situation in that it was a going business. So what's happened over the past quarter is we're taking over responsibility for that brand at the large customer level as well as building the distribution at the small outlet level. So if you take a look at total distribution before and after it's about the same. But if you take a look at small outlet that you can track, you see a steady increase in the distribution availability and convenience stores and then we have a separate metric that we take a look at that, it's not available in syndicated, which is up and down the street accounts or getting distribution and we're seeing a really nice build on the small outlet distribution of Evian. And again back to your point earlier about sort of water brands in total, I said, a couple times, it's really hard to get that store by store distribution, especially up and down the street merchandise coal and it's really Coke, Pepsi, and Keurig Dr Pepper they're capable of doing that and that's why any brand that works its way into those three systems who previously didn't have that capability is going to see a gain in distribution and sales growth as part of that. So, again still early days for us on Evian but we're pleased to see in the small outlet areas, in particular the distribution build and we're very bullish on that brand going forward. With regard to Brewer innovation Yeah, we're seeing all demographics coming in, and if you take a look at sort of what is our opportunity set right now, we talk about more than 60 million households, there is a wide range of income that goes within those segments and we've got brewer that are at the $50 price point. Now all the way up to around $200 or even slightly north of $200 coming out with some of the new items and it attracts a wider range of demographics into our system, which we think is good. I think that's also partly reflective of why the premium segment as I pointed out before, the most expensive pods in our system, we're actually growing in the absolute and gaining market share, it's because also reflective of a higher end consumer with more appreciation for quality coming in to the Keurig system. So again, all part of the strategy and we're excited with the progress that we're making them.
Robert Gamgort: Thank you everyone for dialing in today. We know that we weren't able to get to all the questions but IR team is around all day today, so feel free to give us a call and we look forward to talking. Thanks, everyone.
