Bob Gamgort: Thanks, Ozan. Before handing it over to questions, I want to highlight that earlier this month, we celebrated the three-year anniversary of the Keurig Dr Pepper merger. Transaction that was based on our vision to create a North America-focused beverage company that approach the consumer and customer beverage experience in a more contemporary way. In the three years since we've accomplished a great deal and we are on track to achieve all of the financial commitments we made back in January 2018. We will continue to demonstrate what we believe it takes to be a modern beverage company, and we look forward to sharing more details with you in September. I will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Bob Gamgort: Sure. Good morning, Bonnie. The growth in Packaged Beverages for this quarter was pretty well balanced across all items. CSD had particular strength, and I'll talk about Zero Sugar in a minute. The one area that we did flag is that in our non-carb portfolio, we started seeing some weakness as we got into the month of June in particular. And it is 100% driven by some supply issues with real issue on Snapple and Core. Both those brands were growing very, very well up into the supply disruptions. If you look at the IRi data, you see where we actually start to drop off during a little bit in May but really in the month of June on those two. So, that was the flow of the volume over the quarter as well as what the composition was. And as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we've increased our guidance on the year. Obviously, it's driven a lot by our Packaged Beverage business, and so all of the supply issues that we talked about are taken into consideration in that guidance. So, we're navigating our way through it. Real bright spot within the quarter continues to be CSDs. We refreshed or we converted our diet flavor brands over to Zero Sugar. If you look at an even comparison of those two, in other words, take out Dr Pepper Zero Sugar, which is an incremental item, if you just look at like-for-like on the conversion, our sales were up 16% as a result of the conversion from diet to zero sugar. And then the Dr Pepper Zero Sugar variety has been incredibly strong. Year-to-date consumption, if you look at an IRi is about $100 million. Our early read is about 70% of that is incremental, and we've been able to get that in distribution in 85% ACV. So, great execution across the board in that conversion and the addition of Dr Pepper Zero Sugar, yet one more thing that's driving our CSD portfolio, and that gave us strength combined with everything else I just talked about in the Packaged Beverage segment.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, that's fair. And you can take a look at, I think, a very high level of info that we gave today, which is updating guidance for the balance of the year. So, it allows you to see a first half, second half calculation. And then we were very specific about within that, what we're expecting in terms of coffee brewer sales as well as pod sales. So, you start -- we're narrowing it down for you to give you what a Packaged Beverage business should look like.
Bob Gamgort: Sure and good morning. The last part we will cover in some depth at the Investor Day, which is coming up, so I'll wait for that event to talk about beyond 2021. With regard to 2021, we're seeing strength across the board. So in the decomposition of the year-to-date numbers that you've seen, you've seen strength in every single segment, and you've seen some mix benefits. So for example, fountain foodservice and beverage concentrates, which are among our most profitable items, were negatively impacted in the year ago period. We're getting a good rebound on that. We're seeing continued strength in at-home coffee. Certainly not at the peak of consumption in home that we did a year ago, but we've been talking about that expectation since Q2 of last year. And then brewer sales continued to be exceptional. We're projecting for the rest of the year that those will be flat. But as Ozan said earlier, it certainly takes aside the concerns that many had that the incremental households we gained in 2020 and the extra brewer sales were a pull forward. That's certainly not the case. So quite simply, we're seeing strength across the entire business. That's given us the confidence to take our revenue expectations up. And then anything in a first half, second half or quarterly comparison is really driven by the volatility of a year ago. And that's why I think it's really important to look at two-year numbers to take the noise out. And it's easy for all of us to get enamored with one quarter performance. We've always taken a long-term view. And you're seeing a lot of rebound from other companies, but the reality of it is if you compare our numbers to 2019, our revenue was up almost 14%. Operating income is 20%, as I said before. Earnings per share is up about 30%. I think that's the real way to evaluate performance.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. I think we've seen a lot -- a number of things in the past two years that we've never seen before in our career. Certainly, the shutdown of COVID and all of the related issues around keeping employee safe and running our operations under real constrained conditions was unique. I think this rebound, as I said in my remarks, in some respects, it's actually more challenging than that because we're getting a lot of mixed signals. There's reopenings in certain areas, and then there's problems in others. We've all dealt with inflation. We've seen it in commodities and input costs. We've never seen this level of labor inflation, which is not necessarily a bad thing because there are consumers as well, so it gives them more purchasing power. But the labor shortages are something that none of us have seen in our career. And I have no idea how much of it is tied to government stimulus and concern about going back to work, how much is tied to the fact that kids need to be in school in the fall to free up the labor force who are watching the children. We're going to know a lot more when September October rolls around, but I'd say this is very much unprecedented in all of our careers. The way that we're managing through it goes back to how we started in March of 2020 when we had to make some dramatic changes due to COVID. We stay very flexible. We're looking at the short term as well as the long-term, but emphasis on not committing to anything for too long because we know it's going to change. Your comments about supply chain disruptions, I'm calling it the new normal, now hopefully, it's not normal. It's the reality we're dealing with. And we just flex when we have capacity in one area. We lean in more on demand generation when we have constraints in others. Certainly, we're not going to promote or spend incremental dollars promoting an area that we have supply constraints on. So the game is really going to be won or lost by speed by speed and flexibility. That's something that we were able to do last year. And we're certainly doing it to even a greater degree this year. And I think that will continue until this all settles out.
Bob Gamgort: It's really hard to forecast. And I said in 2020, I want to get out of the forecasting game and get into the reaction game, and I think that served us well. As I listened to the Fed, and they don't know, if inflation is short term or long-term, and you can hear the President talking about supply issues, and they don't have a good handle on what's going on here. So, I'm not going to be a better forecaster than they. I do -- if you really push us, I think we'll see this start to settle out in 2022. But again, it's going to be driven by the course of the virus and the variants. It's going to be driven by things like government stimulus. Those seem to be the two biggest factors in everything that we've just talked about.
Bob Gamgort: Good morning. Yes, we have certainly been more efficient in our marketing, and that's a continuation of a trend that's been in place for a while now. The nature of marketing has moved from being more broad targeting to more precise targeting. We have a significant number of tools and metrics available to us today that weren't available even a couple of years ago. And so the efficiency of our spend continues to increase, and that got pushed to an extreme during COVID, in which we were able to continue to generate demand, as you point out, with significantly lower levels of spend. I think part of that was efficiency and a big part of that was a unique situation a year ago. And if everybody pulls back at the same time, really, its execution, in-store availability, the right promotions that were driving a lot of demand, and we did that very well. But our intention is to continue to ramp our spending back up. You see a big jump in our numbers this quarter versus a year ago. I think everybody experienced that. We, along with pretty much everyone in the industry, is not fully back to 2019 levels of spending, but we're ramping our way up. And I think we're doing it for two reasons. One is there are a lot of cost pressures on all of us right now and a lot of volatility. So it's prudent to be able to keep some in reserve as you're increasing your spend to say let's ramp it up versus go all at once because we need some offsets to volatility going forward in addition to productivity, efficiency and the pricing that we've put in place. And that's what I just said is true for everybody in the industry right now. I think the second part is it gives us an opportunity to really test efficiency. If you ramp it up, you can see where your next dollars being spent and it's a good return on investment. And that gives you the confidence to add the incremental dollars beyond that back. So our track is to continue to increase over time. We'll talk more about what the long-term projection of that is when we get together in September, but that's how it's playing out right now in 2021.
Bob Gamgort: Sure. When we get together in September, we're going to talk about the investments that we've made in the areas of R&D and product development. That's both on the hot side as well as the cold side of the business, and we'll give you some real examples of that. You point out route to market, which is critically important in beverages and something that we think is very unique. So the investments that we've made in our DSD system, which has been a big driver of growth, we've talked about it in bits and pieces over the earnings call. But when we get together, we'll be able to do a more holistic view of what we've done over the past three years and where that's going. And that's a big source of investment for us. E-commerce is another area. It's hard for you all to see the sales that we're generating in e-commerce because it doesn't show up in IRi right now. But when you see, the disconnect, sometimes between our shipment numbers and the IRi numbers, with the shipment numbers being stronger, and that happens over time, you know that we're getting some significant growth out of e-commerce. And that's a big investment area. And then just purely from a brand perspective, we would -- as we add more money, we would add to the number of -- add to our portfolio the number of brands we advertise. So right now, we focus our advertising on our largest brands. But we've got some midsized brands in there that are deserving of advertising as well, and that would be the next area that we would fund once we get to what we think is threshold on the large brands. So, there's a lot of opportunities for investment. We're very selective and test our way through it. But again, these are some of the themes that we look forward to sharing with you in September.
Bob Gamgort: Okay. Yes. Let me just go with pod growth first and just remind everybody the formula for our pod volume. It's a combination of household penetration. In growth in household penetration, the number of new households that we're adding to our existing base times the attachment rate, which is the current usage per machine. This quarter a year ago, we saw a peak level of attachment rate as people were really in lockdown mode. And as we talked about it at that time, we saw that as temporary and that over time, that would revert back to the long-term average. Over the very long term, attachment rate is very steady, and that's why we've suggested prior to COVID that you could use pod volume growth as a good proxy for household penetration growth. Very simply, our household penetration was very strong last year. We were up about 9%. We added 3 million households. We've told you before that we expected 2 million additional households this year and that attachment rate would go back to the long-term average. It's exactly what's happened. The attachment rate that we're seeing right now is very much in line with what we've seen over the long term, and household penetration continues to grow. And that's what you're seeing in the pod volume growth. So, so far, everything has gone as expected. When we look at mobility, we're seeing a significant increase in people going out of the home into restaurants and hospitality. Certainly, people going and getting coffee out-of-home in coffee shops has gone up significantly. In fact, we saw a bit of a spike at one point in the early part of reopening. I think people felt liberated to go back out and wanted to enjoy a coffee on the go. The one area that has been lagging and continues to lag is office. So even with the strong numbers that we have in our coffee business, we're still getting a fairly significant headwind out of the away-from-home business, which for us is concentrated in offices. And very similar to the question Bryan asked, it's hard for us to predict what's going to happen there. And we see an improvement versus a year ago. You couldn't get much lower than the numbers we saw a year ago and away from home, but nowhere near back to normal, nowhere near to 2019. So that provides long-term or longer-term upside for us. And as we said before, that's a higher-margin business, so it will be accretive to both top line as well as mix. But we think that will be a slow recovery, and that assumption is embedded in the numbers we gave you. With regard to pricing, like everyone who has a coffee business who has reported so far, we've talked about the significant increase in coffee pricing. We are hedged like everyone else, but hedging, it just delays the pricing. It doesn't make it go away. And so our best practices have always been is that when we see an increase in pricing that we believe will be sustained that you take pricing now, because it takes time for it to flow through the system, and you know that you're eventually going to be paying that price when you add new coverage into your portfolio. With regard to us, you're right, coffee is a lower percentage of our cost structure compared to if we were just a traditional roast and ground player. But when you have a significant increase like we're experiencing right now, it certainly does impact us to the level that we want to take pricing. And then the last point, I'll add because I think you're asking about the different forms of pricing, we have big piece of our business are brands that we own or license. We're responsible for everything on those, so we've taken pricing on that because we pay for the coffee that's in that. And then the remainder of our business is either partner or private label. In most of those situations, the partner is responsible for the price of coffee. We're responsible for everything else. So it's really up to them to decide what they want to do from a pricing standpoint with regard to coffee. That's not something we get involved in. So I think I've covered everything you asked about with regard to coffee.
Bob Gamgort: It hasn't really. If you take a look at the IRi numbers, you haven't seen much pricing actually reach the shelf right now. So more to come that will be something we could talk about on the next quarter call about what that impact is. But typically, we don't see much in the way of trade down. But if we do, I would just remind everybody that we have -- we manufacture pods that are generating 83% of category sales. So wherever the consumer goes in terms of brand choice and wherever they go from an outlet in terms of where they buy it, we got it covered. And so we're fairly neutral in those perspectives, and we just give the consumer choice and let them decide what they want to buy.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, that's a good way to think about it. And the pricing and the costs never match up exactly, and that's why we always create some margin for us to smooth that out, but that's a reasonable assumption.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, it's a little jumping ahead a little bit. I mean clearly, we think about this and going into '22, but I wouldn't have any read-through in terms of trying to predict what that means for us in 2022. I think we've done a really good job of recognizing the challenges and being able to mitigate them pretty substantially if you take a look at what's happened last year and what's going on this year. And look, I can't forecast that. I can tell you that we all hope that things start to return to more normal in 2022.
Bob Gamgort: Yes, it's really hard to do that in the moment. We're always able to do that in hindsight, and we do quite a bit of analysis of understanding how much of these are brewer upgrades versus straight-up replacements versus completely new households or even a secondary placement in an existing household. So, that's something that we dig in answer we're able to see in hindsight. For perspective, a year ago, we added 3 million net new households, and we sold 11 million brewers. So that gives you an idea of how much household penetration growth we were able to drive, which was substantial, almost 10%. But at the same time, we continue to offer better brewers with new features that are encouraging people to upgrade. And although an upgrade is not something that we profit from in the moment because we don't make money on the brewers, as you know, it really is a serious recommitment for those households to stay with the Keurig system for the long haul because the model is dependent upon not just bringing in new households, but also keeping our current households, which we do at a very high rate. And so right now, it's hard to know the breakout we are offering really attractive brewers that offer new benefits. We just launched this week the K-Supreme Plus Smart Brewer. If you go online and look at some of the reviews both on our website from consumers as well as from the media, it's getting terrific reviews. And I just think this will be yet another reason for people to upgrade. So something we'll share with you when we have it, but it's a very, very bullish indicator in terms of the health of the business from both the current households as well as new households.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. So I think our entire portfolio has good pricing power, which is one of the reasons why I think beverages, is a great category. We are aggressive in productivity and efficiency as our first line of defense. We implement all kinds of purchasing strategies, hedging, as I said before, being one that delays the inevitability of inflation. It gives you some short-term pricing certainty but doesn't eliminate it. And then of course, pricing, when it can't be covered by the others, is the ultimate answer. And you're seeing pricing now not just in the beverage industry but across the board. I have absolutely no concern with pricing in coffee. As we talked about three years ago when we talked about it publicly, but it's been in progress now for five years, we wanted to lower the price of coffee pods in the U.S. because we knew they were too high. And when we compare them to steady-state rates around the world, they were way out of comparison to those five years ago. The price has been reduced significantly. And the data that we put in our Investor Day deck in 2018 is very relevant in terms of what the right price point is for consumers. And it shows that, to a degree, the industry has actually overshot that and its pricing it below the levels that consumers thought would be a good value. They're doing it for a variety of reasons, and I've talked about it before. There are retailers who know that K-Cups are a real attraction to consumers, and so they'll price them very low just to bring people in. Putting a little bit of pricing in to recover inflation is not a concern at all given where we stand across the industry in pricing. And I think price stabilization is something that we've talked about happening for a long term. It's already happening as we speak, and I still think it's an incredible value to consumers.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. We've been successful in driving growth in our CSD portfolio now for years. We've done that through a combination of very solid marketing and good market execution on our core brands and by bringing news and refreshment to them. And it's hard to put a timetable around what is any one line extension or refresh do for the brand. So we have a constant stream of them. Think about what Dr Pepper and Cream has done for the Dr Pepper brand, and that's still growing right now. I think zero sugar both on Dr Pepper and across our flavors is a similar platform. And we have additional innovation and renovation ideas to come that we'll be layering on top of that in the future. And that's really the game is that you don't launch something and assume that that's the answer forever, that is part of the news that you're delivering. And that's how we think about this as well. So thanks for that question.
