Ozan Dokmecioglu: Thanks, George. Before moving to question and answer, let me spend a moment on recent organizational announcements. On Monday, we announced the appointment of our new CFO, Sudhanshu Priyadarshi who will be joining us on November 14. Sudhanshu is a seasoned global finance, strategy and operations executive with significant goal about experience including in the beverage and retail industries. He will be a strategic partner to our team as we deliver against our commitments, scale our business for growth, and continue to successfully navigate the complex macro environment. We look forward to introducing him to you soon. Earlier this month, we announced a strategic realignment of our supply chain organization to accelerate enterprise wide productivity and speed of decision making. In doing so, we leveraged our strong supply chain bench promoting three experienced supply chain Leaders. With Roger Johnson becoming our new Chief Supply Chain Officer. It all builds on our strong supply chain foundation, and we believe positions as well as we head into 2023. In closing, we believe that our attractive organic growth coupled with our significant inorganic value creation opportunity will enable us to continue to drive strong total shareholder return results over time. We are excited about the talent and structure we are building to continue to execute against our opportunities with excellence.  I will now hand it back to the operator for your questions.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Sure, thank you very much, Bryan. First of all, let me address the your first question on the brewers and the decline. As we have discussed, we remain on track to add 2 million new households into the Keurig system in 2022 which is consistent with our long term trend as we have been talking, and as expected, lower than the elevated rate of 3 million that we experienced in 2020 and 2021, during the period of increase at home COVID behavior. Therefore, it is very logical that we would need to sell fewer brewers in 2022 to support the additional 2 million incremental households, versus the 3 million that we have generated in 2020 again, and in 2021. As we have said many times in the past, shipments and consumption are not comparable over a short period of time, such as one or two quarters. And again, we are not in the number of brewer sales business, as we communicated many times, we don’t generate or make money on the brewers sales. And there were years I’m sure you will remember that we sold much less than what we are targeting this year, for example, and still generated 2 million incremental houses. So what matters is the composition of the annual says that goes to the replacement cycles and several other factors that are at the end generates the incremental household. So that’s very important to note. Now, the second part of your question, in terms of our plans, and how we see the ecosystem and so forth. As we also communicated before, we still see 50 million incremental households that to be recruited into our Keurig ecosystem. That means if you take a long term horizon, minimum 10 years and plus plenty of growth is waiting us around the corner. And that’s what we have been executing against. And then we look to the near end as you ask, the holiday programs, and so forth, as we always do. We have very effective trade and the consumer programs, including and coupled with our innovation, that we have been putting in the marketplace with regards to our brewers in a very successful manner that is ready to have another good Q4 holiday season as well as continued into 2023. Therefore we see absolutely no problem. And there is no any reason for us to deviate from our long term target of creating 2 million incremental households on a year in year out basis. And that’s what we are going to do.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Absolutely. And actually, I like to double click on that, because it’s very important point. And Nick, that you mentioned, let me start with at home consumption. So at the onset due to the lock downs, and so forth, we have seen a significant increase in our attachment rate with regards to the single source of consumption at home, both in USA and Canada. And over time, if the mobility increasing and as we were expecting and in line with our plans, which is a kind of post COVID scenario, that the attachment rate started to come down. And please bear in mind, before we call it times, our attachment rate has been very, very stable for a long time. Therefore COVID was the only exception that made a spike and then came down more or less to the previous COVID levels as we speak right now. Therefore, that’s an important point to note. At the same time when COVID hit obviously hour away from home office business, which is how we defined for the most part not all but for the most part, also of significant declines. Albeit right now we are seeing improvements but it’s still significantly lower. Again the office coffee business at we have versus the pre-COVID levels. Therefore, we see this as an opportunity, both in quarter four and beyond that along the office habits build back that we will see our fair share in that segment at the same time. So there are quite a bit of interactions between the two. And also, as you said, right now, again, with the mobility increased, especially in some LVC, that the coffee shop products being consumed more as one would expect, with some moderation at the at home consumption. Therefore, as you said, there are quite a bit of intersection points, that when you step back and look at our portfolio, the good news is we are playing in terms of the overall Keurig ecosystem that we manage which is very important, and goes back again, another very strong leg to our all weather business model that we have successfully put together. Thank you.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: No problem. Thank you very much. So I will break up your question into three components. So first of all the major drivers and how are we looking to the profitability of coffee in quarter three. The major determinant and the driver of coffee P&L in Q3 was the absorption rate of the coffee beans, green beans which is obviously our raw material that we use in terms of the negativity that it calls in our P&L. Why? Because when you looked over base last year, you will see, and we alluded to this during our quarter two call as well. Last year, we had several hedges that came off in Q3 which means that our inflationary step up was significantly higher in Q3 with regards to the coffee beans versus the other quarters. The good news that’s behind us. That’s one of the reasons why we have solid plans and we expect to see significant profit improvements in quarter four as well. At the same time, our pricing continues to build up and we believe that in quarter four, we will be in a position that our pricing will fully catching up to the inflationary factors. As you said, the inflation was broad based. It’s not only coffee beans, but across the other materials and the ingredients that we have been using. But our algorithm clearly suggests that Q4 will be a very good inflection point not only for coffee, but for the cold beverage business that we also have and is basically mirrored in coffee P&L we expect to mirror more or less what has happened in the cold beverages as we have been expecting and communicating which was the pricing quarter in quarter out was getting closer to the inflation and at one point that pricing would be fully sufficient to overcome not only the absolutely the impact of the inflation but the margin percent wise as well. And that’s what has happened in our for example when you look to beverage concentrates and the packaged beverages segments that we have announced and we expect that positive trend to continue into quarter four. So coffee is a little behind like a quarter but that’s what’s going to happen exactly. And we should not also forget that obviously we are continuing to build the productivity programs and Q4 as has always been the case would be the highest delivery quarter for us at the same time. Therefore, we see Q3 coffee inflationary trends in relation to the pricing in the negative operating income delivery at transitory quarter for us and we expect a very strong quarter for the reasons that I have just articulated. Absolutely, we do not expect any structural issue or reset with regards to the coffee margins going forward. And as I say, we will we see a very strong actual the improvement in quarter four. There is no any reason and, and as we discussed before, obviously, coffee margins is one of the highest in our overall CPG industry as well at the same time. Therefore, we were very pleased, and we are very pleased, and there is no instructional change that we are forecasting for any reason. The last part of your question with regards to the 54th week, extra week in coffee, as we said before, it is true that we have few days, not even a week because of the holiday season and most of the retailers being shut. And the consumption in that, sorry, the sell out in that week, which is the last, very last week of December is the slowest. And it’s almost minimal, not is almost but it is very, very small number that wouldn’t change our profile with regards to the quarter four. It will have a little impact to the growth rates as well. That’s why we have not quantified that number that we spoke before and communicated giving the very minimal impact on our numbers.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Sure. Thank you, Bonnie. So let me start with the brewers. We need to get the context right in terms of the brewer POS as well as the sellouts. As I explained due to the supply chain issues that we started two encounters late 2021 and impacted a good chunk of the first half of this year as well there were little investments in the category, including the brewers, because simply we didn’t have including our partners, including our retail partners to sell enough. Therefore, that definitely curtailed the demand. So that this is a fact. Now, at the same time giving all the supply chain issues that the whole appliance will has faced in the last two years, we have been continuing to execute and co-manufacturing and bringing to the USA in order to keep our pipelines intact. When you step back and look at the small appliances at the retailers that you will see some longer inventory levels that they are facing. But please make sure that when you do the double click in that number, and you see that the single serve the brewers small appliances, in fact is doing way better than the overall. Small appliances retain number. Therefore, the headlines that we are seeing if we don’t do that double click real is quite a bit of misleading we do not see that kind of inventory long term being carried by the retailers. That’s number one. Second, it is also true that we have a little bit more than, more inventory than the previous years. It just because of two facts first we wanted to be ready for the holiday season that we are facing. And we are also increasing significantly investments behind the ecosystem along with our partners, along with the customer, retailer customers as well. Therefore, right now we are seeing a very good traction that we started in quarter four therefore we are not worried at all with regards to the inventory levels that we have. And always there are ups and downs that we have faced in the last seven years at Keurig business. Therefore the overall system and the brewers including the consumption in relation to the investments is one big circle. And we are pretty mature and intact on that one.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Exactly. Thanks Bob. And also the second part of your question with regards to the EPS. Yes, quarter four is expected to be the strongest quarter of the year, as we expect to deliver margin improvement and accelerate EPS growth. There are several drivers to that which the full benefits of price realization. And as we announced publicly, we have taken another round of price increase behind our carbonated soft drinks portfolio are the quarter four that we will continue to deliver further top line and contribute to our profitability and also lapping spike in inflation this quarter. If you would remember, last year in quarter four in 2021, we had a big inflation step up which means that we are lapping less increase this year compared to the first three quarters of this year. So that will drive further profitability and the full realization of productivity this year that will accumulated in quarter four, and again, led by supply chain issues that we ran into, especially behind our coffee business. Last year we had several onetime unexpected costs including the customer penalties that we stated publicly as well, that will not happen this year. Therefore, lots of reasons why quarter four will be another strong quarter from the top line as well as especially bottom line perspective and we also expect to deliver a positive margin improvement which would be in a good inflection point for this quarter. Thank you.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Absolutely. I mean, we always look for opportunities across our business, either how we operate, the ways of working, that we also align our organization accordingly. As you know, approximately two years ago, we moved a little bit from the functional to more business unit lead organization structure, and these data moves are in support of that move, taking it to the next level, nothing new is around the edges. And now that we have any issues or we have encountered in our supply chain or any unresolved issues that we are trying to tackle. To the contrary, as we have been talking at many different platforms that our supply chain organization as well as its supply chain fundamentals improved drastically across two businesses that we have in the cold beverages, especially in coffee. Therefore, this organizational change is making our supply chain to get even closer to the businesses that we do expect to see faster decision making with at the right time with the right players around, which will eventually impact our productivity programs as well. And a little bit more info on how this change may impact our productivity programs a bit, the first six to nine months because of the supply chain issues that we have faced, especially in coffee but not limited to coffee. In some brands, important brands like Snapple, as we communicated publicly before and by and a little bit in the CSS that we ran into some supply chain issues. In fact, the focus whether we liked it or not that went towards getting collecting all those issues that we have faced, because that’s what we should have been doing. And this, putting those problems behind us. And with the new organization that we made, the small changes now will enable us to focus on much more productivity delivery, either in quarter four or next year as well. So this is the sum up of the impacts that we expect from the latest supply chain changes. Thank you very much.
Bob Gamgort: Yes. Good morning. I think it’s, as we said over the past four years is always helpful to look at the Keurig system not on a quarter-by-quarter basis but over the long term. There are a lot of fluctuations up and down. But every time you step back and look at the performance of the ecosystem over six months, nine months, or a multiyear basis, the trends become really clear. So let’s go back to that. We’ve always had 2 million households for years our target is those unsaid that gives us more than 10 years line of sight to more than 10 years of very attractive growth as we convert more than 50 million households more than 50% of U.S. population actually. What we saw during COVID are a couple of things that changed. The household penetration went from 2 million to 3 million, we always said it was going to revert back to 2 million. We saw an increase in attachment rate. We said it was going to normalize which it has. We also I would remind you saw a spike in premium coffee brands at the expense of private label and our point of view was that would normalize over time. We’re relatively indifferent to that given that we participate against all of those. The biggest concern that investors had when we talked to them was not that any of what I just said was going to happen, but rather there was some sort of pull forward so that the 3 million would translate into less than 2 million going forward. Whereas we sit here today here’s the good news we’re on our long term trend of 2 million which what we said. Attachment rate is back to normal levels and healthy and the balance between private label and premium and mainstream is back to where it was before and we participate in all of those. The only noise in this period, as Ozan talked about is when you go from 3 million to 2 million, you don’t need to sell as many brewers to support that. But as we said, we’re not in the brewer business, we’re in the household penetration business, and 2 million households is exactly where we want to be. And it sets this up for a very, very good future in this ecosystem.
Bob Gamgort: I’ll start with the M&A environment. Ozan you can pick the second part of that question up. As we monitor the M&A environment. And we continue to see what we described previously, as the relatively easy funding situation for high growth companies starting to change and that continues to do so new investment for them is becoming more challenge. If you look at the public valuations as a marker for the few companies in this space that match that high growth criteria, you can see the change in investor sentiment reflected there pretty aggressively. So we continue to see an opportunity for us to be a catalyst. Our goal is always create win-win partnerships, we’re not out there trying to buy something at a low price, we’re really trying to step in, and be able to solve a number of challenges for these high growth businesses, by creating a partnership that works for everybody and take a look at what’s happened just in the recent past with Polar, and beverage AT peak. And now in this call, we’re talking about Red Bull in Mexico. If you think about it every call, we talked about a new piece of news where we’re layering in more strategic businesses or segments into our business. And as that continues to build, it makes us a stronger company going forward. I would also add to that list all of the independent distributor acquisitions that we’ve made over the past couple of years that significantly strengthens our distribution system. So we’re going to continue to do so. I would say that as we continue to engage in these discussions, and we have numerous discussions right now, we’re very clear in our strategic priorities. We’re really confident in our ability to assess the value to KDP and KDP shareholders. And we’re incredibly flexible in our approach to have on how to make these partnerships work. If you look at the track record of our success in creating value and growth for the partners I just described, as well as the continued growth that we have on our long term partners like Evian and Vita Coco and McCafe that is very attractive to emerging beverage companies. And so it allows us to have a seat at the table in a number of these conversations. And we’re very optimistic and we will continue to play out in the way that I described. We’re talking about the interaction, medium coffee.
Bob Gamgort: Let me add, I think, Bonnie your question. And Bryan also hinting at potential concerns about the environment in Q4. Let me make a couple of points on the holiday season this year. One of things that we’ve seen is that whenever there’s a challenging economic time, gifting tends to shift from the indulgent or frivolous to functional. And there’s no better functional gift than a Keurig Brewer. We have a wide range of price points from entry level all the way up the premium, we have an incredibly wide range of retail distribution, from e-commerce to all channels of brick and mortar distribution. And we’re already seeing a number of retailers very early, are already pushing Keurig as one of their premium or prime promotions going into the holiday season. And we continue to expect to see more of that. So I know there’s some concerns, as you guys have articulated about inventory levels and purchase power and small appliances. But as Ozan pointed out, if you double click on this, you see that single serve brewers and Keurig, in particular are doing incredibly well. And we expect them to have a strong holiday season. But again, all consistent with driving 2 million households, a penetration, which is what all of this is about.
Bob Gamgort: Yes , I’ll refer back to our investor day a little over a year ago where we talked about the role of M&A and partnerships. And we said that we had a number of criteria. One is we want to add on to our existing portfolio and leverage the infrastructure we have in place, particularly our DSD system. We were really interested in new platforms, particularly in energy and alcohol, where we saw good whitespace opportunities. And we also talked about we’ve got these incredibly strong businesses in Canada and Mexico that we really don’t talk much about. And we saw opportunities there. So quick, simply, when I look at the new arrangement with Red Bull and Mexico we think about that hits on energy. And it hits on continued expansion in Mexico, [indiscernible] was expansion within Canada. So we’re beginning to add into these opportunity areas that we identified about a year ago in a more aggressive way. And all I will say on the Red Bull Mexico piece is our goal is to do what we do with all of our partnership, which is demonstrate incredibly strong value added for our partners, drive growth for them. And that always leads to more opportunities in the future. And I would expect that that would be the same in the case of this one. Before I think I’m turning it back over to Ozan before I do that I have to in my new role here, I have to say we didn’t get a single question on our cold beverage business today. And I want to give a shout out to our cold beverage team who delivered another incredible quarter of revenue growth, market share performance, record profitability, and they continue to hit it out of the park and they kind of feel left out on some of these calls. So I will acknowledge their strong performance as it shows up in our EPS in our overall financial delivery to KDP. So Ozan back over to you.
