Robert Gamgort: Thanks, Sudhanshu. I'd like to close by saying how excited we all are that Tim Cofer has joined KDP as Chief Operating Officer on November 6. From there, we are looking forward to a smooth CEO transition between Tim and me in Q2 next year in continuity as I serve as KDP's Executive Chairman thereafter. Upon joining KDP, Tim's immediate focus will be immersing himself in the business. He will also partner with Sudhanshu, the full executive leadership team, and me to drive our annual operating planning process for 2024. A lot of robust work is underway, and we expect to provide you with a detailed outlook when we report our Q4 results. For now, let me just say that our entire organization is focused on delivering a strong finish to 2023. We expect that Tim will join Sudhanshu and me in this forum in February and I know you will enjoy meeting him after that. I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.
Robert Gamgort: Sure, Drew. Thanks for the question. On our last call, we talked about drivers of improved coffee performance going forward. One was margin improvement and the other one was rebound in the total at-home coffee category. And so that goes beyond single-serve to all forms of coffee consumed at home. Obviously, as you saw in the results, we've received the -- or we've experienced the inflection that we expected in the margin side, and that's largely under our control and big driver of our performance. The category is experiencing sequential improvement. But admittedly, it is gradual. When we take a look at consumption of single-serve and we use our proprietary data, which looks at tracked and untracked channels and remember, the track channels represent roughly 60% of total consumption, we're seeing that the volumes are flat, which is an improvement sequentially, but a bit slower than we expected. And so that's really the core of any shipment shortfall versus expectations is really driven by the category. I would remind you, within that, the single-serve and KDP continues to grow share within that category. The theme that we've talked about before about controlling the controllables margin share performance all are really quite good. The challenge is really this total at-home coffee category, which is moving in the right direction, albeit at a slower pace. My last comment on that is what we're experiencing on at-home coffee in the U.S. is not unique to the U.S. It's a trend that we're seeing in most developed markets as well.
Robert Gamgort: Sure. I think that when you take a look at the shipment -- or the trajectory of the coffee category, I think it speaks for itself. We talked a lot about mobility as a big driver, and we certainly weren't the only ones that were looking at that. So, mobility is no longer a factor. It's gone back to a more normalized environment. And so, I think that the trajectory that we're seeing right now on improved coffee consumption will continue. The drivers of that, I think it's -- there are multiple contributors to the slower but steady improvement in the category, including really a change in work routines, where you're looking at more hybrid work. The afternoon occasion, for example, changes on that. On the margins, we could see some impact from pricing and inflation and also some of the trends in cold coffee, which also indexes to out-of-home. But there's nothing structural going on right now. And you can imagine, we spent a lot of time digging into the fundamental consumer drivers of coffee. The tailwinds are incredibly strong. the movement towards improving growth looks to be right in front of us here. But we're being honest in saying that the total at-home coffee category has been more gradual than we originally expected, although we don't -- like I said, we don't see anything structural. With regard to the untracked channels, why is that stronger? It's really driven by club and e-commerce. E-commerce, which was growing prior to the pandemic, accelerated significantly during the pandemic, and it really has shown no signs of pulling back from that. And we talked before about the importance of e-commerce in our total business, but you can imagine when you look at individual segments, that single-serve coffee is really an ideal segment for e-commerce. It's lightweight, high value, long shelf life, not fragile to ship. So, you can really have a quite a good business on e-commerce. In addition to that, remember, we've been increasing our own subscription business and services to the consumer. And as we put more smart brewers out there, and allows for smart consumption-based reordering, I think that e-commerce will continue to grow. And I think club is an overall consumer shift towards that channel. It represents a good value. I also think that some of the changing away from home coffee trends, meaning office coffee trends have also benefit the club channel as well as people in small and midsized offices are picking up their supplies there as well as in e-commerce. And then with regard to 2024, I mean, we've given you our macro outlook. We're not going to break it down by individual segments. The one thing I would say that I believe is important is this gradual or more gradual rebound in coffee is something that we've been able to factor in our thought process as we think about our total company algorithm. And obviously, it's something that we've digested and built it into our expectations.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Thank you, Brian. Thanks for those questions. Our -- we plan our business on a range of outcomes. We've said that before. We've been very watchful of the consumer and concerned about trade-down behaviors as a result of financial pressures. As we said, the consumer today remains incredibly resilient but we're thoughtful about how that might shift into the future. We look across our entire portfolio, we have the ability to shift across formats, mix, channels, price pack architecture on both the refreshment beverage side and the cold beverage side -- I mean, on the coffee side, to be able to react to any of those changes. But as of right now, we haven't really seen that. There is a potential cascade that happens where you could talk about within traditional retail where consumer looks to lower-priced items and shops in more value-oriented channels. There's another piece as well, which is a cascade from away from home to in-home. And some of the surveys that I've looked at recently is if you are pinched -- these are consumer surveys, if you're pinched, what do you give up first? And what the consumer gives up first is dining out of home and travel. And so, I think that what happens is that moves those occasions in home where we benefit from them. And if you could take a look at the broad portfolio across all formats, but also specifically within coffee, we've been working really hard to provide similar options to produce specialty coffee, cold coffee, coffee any form that they get out of home in home. And so, I actually think that's a benefit for the category going forward. So, the conclusion is nothing as we sit here today. Very possible in the future and certainly in our range of planning, but lots of flexibility for us to deal with it and potentially some upside on certain segments, including coffee. With regard to GLP-1, we've had the opportunity to look at every trend possible from a consumer perspective for opportunities and risk. We've spent a lot of time digging into the most robust data that's available, and I would caution everybody that the data that is actually available is really limited at this point. What we would want to see as an industry, before you go with any conclusions, is you'd want to see known GLP-1 users and be able to match their behavioral data over time. Self-reported data, survey data, trying to figure out who might be a GLP-1 consumer is really dangerous. The data that we're able to get into, which is quite limited on actual GLP users and their known consumption for us is neutral, may even be different than that by meaning more positive, but let me just say neutral right now. And here are the facts, and I think it actually makes sense with just playing good sense, which is there's no evidence that people drink less in terms of beverages. So, unless you believe the consumption of tap water is going up, there's no indication of that, and somebody in the beverage industry is picking up those sales. Are mix shift possible? Absolutely, but we haven't seen anything significant in the data that we have in front of us within the world of beverage. And I would remind you that we have a very, very broad portfolio. And in fact, more than 60% of our products as in our corporate responsibility portfolio are classified as positive nutrition. So, it's very similar to the conversation on recession. Consumers don't drink less if they change their mix in terms of which formats and types of beverages they consume. We have one of those occasions. And also, we have the ability to innovate should we choose to. We've had some questions on coffee. Specifically, all the data that we can see right now, there's no impact on coffee consumption as a result of that. So, when we step back, we are surprised by the reaction. And quite honestly, we're surprised that the conversation is about food and beverage. We don't participate in the food industry, but I can tell you in the beverage industry, I really think that there's little to be concerned about here. Having said that, we're going to continue to study. We'll get more robust data. We'll be able to see what I said before, which is known GLP-1 users and their actual consumption patterns over time. And I think the picture will become much clearer, but that's our conclusion today.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. So, Robert, I'm glad that you saw Electrolit at NAX and the excitement about. This is a business that we've been tracking for some time, and we've been really impressed with their strong growth. The fact that their consumer target is multicultural. And it's a perfect example as we've discussed with C4, with La Colombe, with Polar, where we can take a brand that is very strong and has a clear consumer base and opportunity and help them grow through expanded distribution, proof merchandising, and access to our RGM capabilities, category management capabilities, and more. And so, this one, I think, is another one of these win-win structures. When we think about Electrolit coming into our business and its implications on 2024, clearly, it's a contributor to revenue growth. Similar to what we talked about with C4, in its first year of incorporation, we don't think about it as much of a driver of profit growth. But when you get into its second year, it will be able to contribute profitability and we'll provide framing around that at that time. And that's because we make significant investments in the first year to get the brand on board. And also, as we discussed earlier, this gives us a wonderful opportunity to put more investment in our -- market system to be able to improve coverage with the fact that we now have larger job sizes and increased frequency. And as we said a number of times, that benefits all brands within our system. The fact that we put in the prepared remarks about the 50% growth in large outlet C-stores for us is a very significant consideration here in terms of our ability to cover our convenience stores for our entire portfolio. So, this is yet another great example of how we're able to build our capabilities. Your point about smaller pack sizes, yes, the other world has changed quite a bit. we have substantial distribution, and we have good manufacturing flexibility on small pack sizes. We see them as an incremental driver of growth. They happen to also be margin accretive. They're very much in line with consumer trends where if someone wants to treat themselves and a portion of our portfolio is in the treat need state that we give them an opportunity to do so in a smaller pack size. And that's been the case in other CP industries. And as we think about our manufacturing base going forward, flexibility in formats and pack sizes is a critical capability that we continue to invest in to give us the optionality of price pack architecture moving forward.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. So, on the first one on the exit of some private label partners, that really began in Q2. I mean, the best way for you to size it is you can take a look at the track data for the most part and just see KDP manufactured share and it's going to show you we're unlicensed versus licensed private level is. And I don't think that that's -- it's not -- it's definitely not a driver of profitability. And it's a minor contributor to revenue, but it's the right thing to do over the long term. We offer significant value to our partners. And we're also the driver and the player who invest in brewer innovation, brewer launches, which is the catalyst for the entire industry. And from time to time, in these negotiations, we find partners on the other side who don't want to pay for the value added. And we -- there's a point in which we don't drop price because we know that we add that value. And I would also point out that in almost every circumstance, both partners have come back to us over the long term because they miss with they have from KDP. So, you'll see it in the tracked channels, and I don't think it's a big deal. Second part of the question was about the -- you asked a bit about inventory, and that's really a question about the gap between shipments and consumption. The best way to characterize that is that if we tell you that the category rebound is going in the right direction, but not at the pace that any of us expected, when I say any of us, anybody who operates in the coffee industry and develop markets globally, then there's always going to be a disconnect between shipments and consumption. And there may be some shipments ahead of consumption based on those expectations. That happened. That's normalizing. Expect that gap to narrow further in Q4. So, to me, that's a lagging indicator. It's a contributor to the shipment piece, which is worthy for a conversation in this quarter. But over the long term, the pieces to really watch our, how's the at-home coffee category performing because that really drives everything. How is our share being total single-serve and total KDP share of at-home coffee, that continues to expand? And then the last part of it is our margin against that volume, which also is very high and improving. The combination of those three really does create value. But again, it's created some short-term disruption as we get out of this got of this -- still the after-effects of the rebound from the pandemic piece.
