Robert Gamgort: Yes. Okay. I'm going to take the first one, and then I'm going to turn it over to Ozan to talk about Spartanburg. Coffee attachment rates have been very steady for years. And in the past, we've talked about the best proxy for household penetration growth is actually pod volume growth because of attachment rate being so stable.  In the early part of the shelter-in-place, we saw an increase in attachment rates, as you would expect. Obviously, we got some benefit from that in the early part of this, but we've seen it normalize over time. And our expectations going forward is that it does normalize over time. So we did get a short-term benefit from that, but remember, that was offsetting a significant hit that we were getting to our office coffee business. So all of the guidance that we put out there for 2021 does anticipate a more normalized attachment rate.  Ozan, you want to talk about Spartanburg.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. I mean a couple of things. I mean when we put our algorithm out there, we didn't say we were going to achieve 15% to 17% every year and the guidance we just put out there puts it nicely within that range, in that 15% to 17% despite what we all agree is a world that is very different than it was in 2018.  The one comment I would put is we are restoring marketing in 2021. We've said all along that any opportunity to restore marketing to drive growth, we would do so. In fact, on our Q3 earnings call, I think we were really clear on our intentions. And when we provided our guidance, and we said that we would be in the 13% to 15% range for 2020, we also said any opportunity to over-deliver would be reinvested back in our business for growth, which is exactly what we did. We came in right at the high end of our guidance. We reinvested back into growth, and we achieved 6.6% revenue growth in the fourth quarter.  So we look at our outlook for 2021 to be incredibly strong and, more importantly, well balanced. Because the results that we've delivered are not driven by anything that would hurt us in the long term by driving the short term. In fact, quite the opposite. We've invested in brand growth and innovation, in new plant capacity. We've invested in technology. And that's why we're able to do things like grow share on 90% of our portfolio and add an extra 1 million households into the Keurig system.
Robert Gamgort: On the dividend side, we know that dividends are an important part of shareholder return in this space. And we saw an opportunity to provide more return to our shareholders by increasing the dividend 25%. We do that while simultaneously sticking to our deleveraging target and also investing heavily in the business. And all I would say on that one is it's reflective of the very strong confidence that we have and line of sight to continued strong earnings and strong free cash flow. And even with that substantial increase in dividend rate, our payout ratio is still below 50%, which is well below just about anyone else in this space.  It doesn't change our outlook at all on our ability to participate in M&A. We've said all along that, even with our commitment to rapidly delever, we would be able to participate in the M&A space in a number of different ways. With CORE, for example, we used shares to make that acquisition, and that acquisition has been very value-accretive to us in terms of being able to drive growth both on the top line and earnings. We acquired Big Red with cash. We had a very unique transaction with the Honickman Companies to be able to secure our brands in the metro New York area. We've entered into other deals that are more partnership. And then I'm going to segue into your next question because it's related. If you take a look since 2019, we've done about a dozen transactions in the route-to-market space, and nearly all of those were paid for right out of our cash flow. So it just tells you that we have incredible cash flow visibility that allows us to do all of this activity while delevering, while increasing our dividend payment and also investing in plant infrastructure and technology. So it's just another opportunity to reward our shareholders. With regard to the route-to-market space, you asked what our goal is. It's all of the above. So we look at our business market by market and as we've joked with you sometimes, but it's not far off, ZIP code by ZIP code. Our situation is very different across the market. In aggregate, we control the distribution or we have DSD coverage that covers somewhere slightly north of 75% of the U.S. population. But for those of you that know the business intimately, you know that it's very different brand by brand.  So it's a two pronged approach. We invest heavily in our brands through marketing and innovation and renovation. And then we need to make sure that market by market, we have the most competitive distribution system for those brands. And that has led to all of the transactions that I just talked about and the couple that you highlighted. And what does that do for us? It's a long-term play, not a short-term play. It gives us access to both growth through better execution and also gives us access to efficiency through consolidation of inefficient retail distribution.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Those are good -- great questions. Let me start with the last one, which is household penetration and then talk about brewer growth. Because as we said all along, brewer growth is not a great predictor of household penetration. And while there is a correlation between the 2, not necessarily year in and year out. So let me start with household penetration. You're correct that our most recent run rate has been about 2 million net new households per year. That increased to 3 million households. We don't believe that's a pull forward from '21. We don't believe that that's actually material in the grand scheme of things.  Because the best way to look at this business is to look at it over a longer period of time. Definitely not quarter-to-quarter, and even year-to-year isn't particularly helpful. And why I say that is, in the past 5 years, so if you take a look at the 5 years since Keurig was taken private and then merged with KDP, that's a good time frame. We've increased households from 21 million to 33 million. That's an increase of about 9% per year. It's a compound growth of 9% per year. It's 12 million new households. And if you recall back in 2015, 2016, the word on -- out there was that household penetration had flattened and the market was saturated, and we've increased our household base by more than 50% since then.  With all that growth, if you go back to the Investor Day presentation that we laid out in great detail in 2018, and with the remaining universes of households, there's still another 60 million households that ultimately should be converted from brewing coffee by the pot to brewing it by the cup. And Keurig, obviously, has the lion's share of that. And so we've got years and years of runway ahead of us at the growth rate that we're at. So when you look at 2 million to 3 million year-over-year, it looks material. When you look at going from 21 million to 33 million in 5 years with 60 million households a go, 1 million is a blip in all of that.  Having said that, let's be careful on the year-over-year comparisons, which everyone will report on. So if we went back to our normal 2 million household penetration growth, that would look like 6% growth in 2021. I'm not projecting. I'm just keep going through the illustration. And people will write that there's a deceleration in household penetration, which would actually be a real misleading conclusion. Let's talk about brewer sales. Brewer sales are a combination of things. They're a combination of new households entering the system, people upgrading their brewers as we introduce new models with benefits and features that didn't exist before. We're seeing more upgrades. And also, we see replacements of brewers that over time fail. So we shipped 11 million brewers last year. That was a record number.  In addition to the strong household penetration growth, we saw a record number of upgrades. People were investing in their work-from-home situation. We've got all these great brewers that were just introduced in the past couple of years, and so we saw people lean in and upgrade. And as I always point out, while that doesn't have a material impact in the year, that's yet another household recommitting to the Keurig system for the next 3, 4, 5 years. So it's all incredibly bullish.  Going into this year, we wouldn't expect to see that number in 2021. We don't need that -- we don't need 11 million brewers to support a 2 million or even a 3 million household penetration growth. We have no idea how many people are going to upgrade. That's something that we can't predict.  So I think as you look at 2021, a flat number on brewer growth would be extraordinary. A decline in brewer growth would be very normal and would support great household penetration growth. But again, watch for the headlines that are going to say how brewer sales are down and it's a concern about the Keurig system in the future. My last -- because it's a good point of time for me to say this. I think my last point is, as we think about '20 to '21, you guys are going to have to do this across the board. Just make sure you take a look at 2-year stack numbers, not just year-to-year numbers. So as I put in my script, when you took -- look at the total KDP basis, a 2-year stack basis, which takes out all that noise, in 2021, if we hit the midpoint of our guidance, we're going to be 8% revenue growth over 2 years and 29% EPS. So I think that's the way we're going to have to look at the world in 2021.
Robert Gamgort: Yes. Our reason for restoring marketing is because we have an objective to increase our marketing as a percentage of sales over time. And we know what happened in COVID across the board. We're really proud of the fact that despite the fact that we had to pull some of that marketing -- and some of it, it was just a bad environment to invest in advertising. And they're certainly in the early and mid parts of the year. And other parts of it was because of the great mix headwind that everybody in the industry faced.  We were proud of the fact that we did that, but we got really efficient in where and how we spend our marketing. And my best evidence of that is the market share gains across our portfolio that suggest that we were able to still balance brand growth, investments in innovation, with a more restricted marketing budget. Every opportunity that we get, we will invest in marketing and innovation. That's what we're doing in 2021. It's not a reaction to competition at all. It's an investment in the great pipeline of brand ideas that we have. And as you can tell from all of our conversation here, we are building this business for the long haul.  As I referenced before, when we looked at the fourth quarter, and we knew that we were trending very strong for 2020, we were very explicit in saying any over-delivery would be reinvested back into brand growth, and that's exactly what we achieved in Q4. So that's our ambition, is to build a very healthy brand portfolio for the long haul. With regard to pricing, I think this industry is incredibly rational in pricing. And we don't discuss what our specific outlook is for pricing in a given year, but we're -- we have our eye on inflation, as does everyone. And I think that the beverage industry has shown that it's been able to recover inflation through a combination of productivity and pricing, and I wouldn't expect that would change going forward.
Robert Gamgort: Yes, sure. I think -- let me start with the shelf changes. A more normal year in 2021 than 2020 when innovation was more challenging to get on the shelf. We got a good head start with Dr Pepper & Cream and also with Canada Dry Bold. And as you know, we have a long list of innovation and renovation that we launch every year, so I'm not going to mention them all.  I think 2021 is -- it looks more normal in access to the shelf. We've got a really strong lineup of innovation across the board. We talked about some of it in the prepared remarks, but we -- again, we have much more than that. And so we stand in a really good position to get that strong innovation and renovation on the shelf quickly.  And our speed to market as a company has improved every single year. And it's -- we're very proud of the distribution system that we're building, a combination of our company-owned DSD as well as our independent partners. And through a combination of strength of ideas, better joint planning with our partners and our customers, we've been able to improve our reach to shelf. And so that's going to continue. You mentioned some of the seed investments that we have in brands like Don't Quit and A Shoc. All in early stages, all very promising, too small at this stage for us to report. But I would expect that when we do our Investor Day midyear, we'll give a more comprehensive update on all of the start-up investments.  And that's just one of many tools that we employ, where we've said before that we can launch something on our own. We can partner with somebody in a joint distribution manner as we've done with things -- brands like evian. We can make seed investments as we did with Don't Quit and A Shoc, and we can acquire things outright, as we did with CORE.  Polar is off to a great start. It's a terrific brand and really our play in the sparkling water, flavored sparkling water segment. We're ramping that up right now. The ACV for Polar has already improved by about 20 ACV points nationally. So it shows the strength of our partnership with them. And obviously, you can tell by the comments here that we're very bullish on driving that brand to a national leader in the not-too-distant future.  And then the last one, BODYARMOR. It's publicly available. We have 12.5% ownership stake in BODYARMOR. If and when that business is sold, then we would receive payment just like any other investor would receive payment at that time. And we don't know anything more than what's been publicly reported to date. So I think I covered all of your territory there.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Absolutely, absolutely. We already started our test runs at our Spartanburg facility. And obviously, it's a multiyear ramping up the production facility given the huge size and the volume that will come out. But all we can say at this point in time, we are 100% on track in terms of continuing month-in, month-out ramping up of our facility. And as we do, as you said, we do expect to further lower our cost of production in the pods. As we communicated previously, Spartanburg facility, as we go into the year, especially second half of '21 and beyond, will be one of the base productivity sources to improve our efficiency in our manufacturing facility with regards to the pods. But not only that, we also have several other programs that will continue to help us to deal with the management of our overall per pod cost going forward at the same time. So the things are on track.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: So on the inflation point, yes, we expect 2021 to face higher inflationary pressure than 2020. And we have built that into our guidance for the year, obviously. And we are very confident that we can manage the exposure. Primary areas of inflation in 2021, as you also alluded, Bryan, would be in the logistics as well as corn-related products. While other areas, such as coffee, for example, that we contract for yearly, not months, will also serve as a partial offset.  It's basically the umbrella of the commodity and the input cost management that we always do. And when the opportunity presents itself, we also hedge ourselves in order to manage our cost profile. Therefore, we believe we have a good balance right now. It is true. We are seeing, as I said, on a couple of line items, cost pressures increasing in '21 versus '20. At the same time, second point is -- the answer for your question with regards to the Beverage Concentrates. It is true, when we look in a closing, like a month or 2, we may see some lagging with regards to the -- our concentrate shipments in Beverage Concentrates as well as the finished product shipments from our bottlers or the distributors. But when we take a medium to a little longer-term perspective, they always catch up, and that's what we are going to see in 2021 as well.
Ozan Dokmecioglu: Absolutely. So let me step back and look at it. As you said, three years ago, 2.5 years ago, to be precise, we said that we expect to deliver $600 million of deal synergies, starting 2019 through 2021, $200 million every year. And as we just spoke, during our script, we are very happy to share with everyone that, after two years, we have delivered successfully $400 million of synergies, and we expect to deliver another $200 million in 2021. That would complete the 3-year cycle of the merger synergies that we put out there. Now we also said and shared publicly that overall efficiencies, we look at it in 2 big buckets: One is the merger synergies that I just spoke. And the second one, as we define and call it, base productivity programs, which obviously, base productivity programs will continue, including 2021 and beyond.  When we step back and look at it holistically, we have several programs and initiatives that actually either we are executing now or we will be starting to execute to continue to fuel the base productivity programs that we have. For example, when you look to what's happening in the Coffee Systems, we are building a state-of-the-art K-Cup facility in Spartanburg, South Carolina. As I said, I think, 10 minutes ago, we are at the early phase of having, let's say, test runs over there. And we expect to ramp up the facility for the remainder of the 2021 and beyond 2022. That will be a good source of base productivity programs for us. When we look to Packaged Beverages, for example, at this year, we are also building and will be put into service and Allentown, Pennsylvania and again, in a state-of-the-art aseptic systems lines, for example. That will continue to drive down our costs.  On the Beverage Concentrates side, for example, we are building the second concentrate plant in Ireland. And besides the continuity of our business will be secured, given we only have one facility now in St. Louis, we'll also have some financial benefits at the same time. And these are, for example, the 3 big programs that we have. But on top of this, we always look for efficiencies, and we have several other programs that we are implementing as we speak. Therefore, we feel very confident that beyond 2021 that our overall efficiency programs will be intact and will help us to drive further profit growth and margin enhancement.
