Jim McNerney: Thank you James. We are off to a good start in 2010 with clear progress on the 787 and the 747-8 solid financial performance and notable improvement in our customer outlook; we continue to draw on the momentum we saw at the end of 2009. We are methodically working through our challenges and our people remained focused on satisfying our customers and leveraging growth and productivity into better bottom-line and top-line performance. With all that said, we'd now be happy to take your questions
Jim McNerney: Well, first of all we wouldn't increase the rate unless we had a pretty visible look at demand and it's in part a couple of customers that had gotten soft firming up, it's also a couple of customers stepping up. So it's kind of, I would a representative up tick in demand, I guess would be the way to say it, versus our assumptions which was to go up a year later.
Jim McNerney: Well, we went into flight test with a good cushion and I think it's there for a couple of reasons. One, because data can come in more slowly for a variety of reasons, flights could be impacted or quite frankly well usually what you build cushion for is configuration changes as you go through flight tests.  What we're finding is very few configuration changes. I mean I think one of the advantages of the maturity of the plane and what that means is that we had extra time to work on it I guess is the way to say it, is that the configuration is very strong and there is very little tweaking to the airplane to date that we've had to do which has opened up some contingency. We started a little late which ate in somewhat into the contingency but we are getting more data per flight off of the airplane. The team is doing a wonderful job there and that's enabling us to satisfy some of the certain requirements with data rather than extra flights. So when you add it all up we're retaining a contingency cushion and quite frankly, the team is aiming to add to it.
Jim McNerney: I would characterize it more as stepping through a series of multiple gates that are more like the flight test programs that you've always seen, stability and control, functional reliability, fatigue testing, some weather testing as you alluded to and sort of some other more normal kinds of activities. Now that the FAA it will be flying with us and we'll get all six airplanes in there. We anticipate being able to go through these pretty straight forwardly. Now you never know we could find something but we're reducing risk everyday.
Jim McNerney: I would say the relationship between demand and supply has increased since the last time we've talked.
Jim McNerney: As I said in my remarks that is the bias in the evaluation right now and I would say the data would suggest that both on an oversold and discussions we are having with the customers.
Jim McNerney: Well, on the piece for constructing the 87 assembly, we are slightly ahead of schedule as we fabricate the capacity, I think both the Vought facility and the GA facility where we had pretty good visibility there, because obviously we had a lot of our people on these facilities trying to look through some of the issues. So it was not a pig and the pork kind of a purchase in either case. I would say that we are working through as we integrate those facilities for the rest of our production system. I'd say we are working through some normal integration challenges and a couple of sort of inventory balancing issues, but I don't think it was beyond the realm of expectation.
Jim McNerney: Yeah. I think supporting James; you can clean up this answer by the way. No but I think this year will represent a high point for a while. Then, depending on the timing of the 737 work and the 777 work, it will obviously begin to climb again depending upon what we do. So, I think what we have immediate visibility on is plateau this year and then down next year. After that, it's going to depend on the moves we make.
Jim McNerney: The way it looks to us now is, the -9 capability is going to be very good. And that the kind of improvements we think we can make in the 777 both the smaller and larger versions. Maybe enough to handle the -10 the old -10 mission between the two of them. We are not sure yet, but that question is something that we are debating and modeling right now. It maybe we need a -10, but we are seeing capability in the -9 that is substantial and the extent to which we really re-do. The 777 which is a real option, the improvements are particularly the, the way to strength kind of improvements with carbon fiber and what we think we can get from the engine is substantial. And, so we are trying to sort, I guess my, this sort of long winded answer, but it gives you a feel for the dynamic at least.
Jim McNerney: Well, the timing of divulging these as you know really is driven by our customers. And so we are respecting their wishes and there are some unannounced orders you alluded to one of them and there are some ongoing discussions where we have high degree of confidence that are going to turn into orders and but I think we feel comfortable. I guess I would just say and I'm sorry I am being a little coy here, but I do want to respect our customers' wishes. We are comfortable that the demand will support the moving of the rate up a year.
Jim McNerney: Listen, as we look back in Boeing's history, we try to make these decisions in a way where the current demand for current products is supported as we move into derivatives or all new airplanes and we got a process in place that we don't think is going to cannibalize the demand we see now.
Jim McNerney: Well I would just say that we are looking at meaningful increases, I really don't want to signal exactly what we are looking at, but it will make I think you'll be pleased.
Jim McNerney: We're on a rate to support tantamount at the first part of 2013. You can see our inventory build this year, we'll have roughly somewhere near 30 airplanes by the time we start delivering at the end of the year so you can sort of interpolate.
Jim McNerney: Yes. I mean I would say the TIA ate into the contingency a little bit, but we have more there and we're at a run rate that we hope will continue to extend the contingency we have left.
Jim McNerney: I think it's more reflective of overall economic conditions and airlines in better financial shape. I think the price of oil is at least as I see it and talked to airline customers is within the zone of their assumption. So I don't think that's the delta, I think it's more their condition and a more bullish view of the economy, demand coming back a little quicker.
Jim McNerney: I think what we said and I reiterated here is that I would anticipate book to bill being somewhat less than one this year and I think the run rate sort of indicates that so far.
Jim McNerney: Discussions are maturing. It looks to us as if we will complete them sooner rather than later. So, we're feeling pretty confident that we'll be able to nail that down. That said until it's done, it's not done. 
Jim McNerney: Yeah I mean I can't speak for EAVS, I am sure they have a substantial amount of development work to do themselves, but talk to them about that there is no question that there are some development work both on the airplane and integrating the military systems but I think one of the values of doing it the way we are doing it is we've got a workforce that has lived through many, many configuration design changes on a 767. They understand the airplane and I think at the end of the day, that may offset some of the development issues that both of this face and I kind of like, I like betting on our guys in that environment.
Jim McNerney: Well every customer commitment differs a little and so if there are substantial delays, there could be some kind of settlement discussion but a, we don't anticipate and b, modest delays would be largely accommodated within our current agreement.  Operator, I believe there is one last media question in the queue. We'll take that one and then conclude the call. And then we'll go to Molly McMillin with Wichita Eagle. Please go ahead.
Jim McNerney: Well, don't have a specific number for you right now, but Tanker win for Kansas would be huge. We will depend on that work force to do a lot of the modification and final integration of the airplanes.
James Bell: Okay, let me just start with the first part of your question. Clearly we are pleased with the performance we had in first quarter with BCA. They actually did deliver pretty good performance as Jim mentioned particularly on the production program 737s and 777. There is a little time in R&D that also helps and on our periodic expense that also helps the margin in its period. So, going forward obviously the timing of that performance is something that of those activities we will see higher cost in the second, third and fourth quarter, so that's going to help bring it down. We are also going to up our spending and fleet support as we get closer to introduction of the 787 into service, so that's going to be an impact and then finally I have mentioned that we do have provision and therefore market uncertainties and risk that's part of it and so helpfully we can minimize that impact going forward. On 747-8, clearly is still a program that challenging for us, we do have the issues that we have encountered on this program literally everyday, but at the same time we are working very hard on opportunities and we have been able to realize some of those along the way and so the two have been, I would say maybe we have been doing a little better on opportunities than we have on. We've been doing better managing the risk and been able to capitalize on our opportunities so that's why you didn't see any further cost pressure on that program or any forward reach on that program this quarter.
James Bell: Well some of it was due to the rate acceleration but we also are working off slate of opportunities that allows us to improve our performance and do better on the development part of the program and then also, look at how we can drive the production cost of the production units down.
James Bell: Basically, its all unit build up. There is some supplier, none recurring cost that are in those numbers that would be reimbursed to them over the delivery of their units.
James Bell: Yeah. I think that it will pick up a little bit in second quarter and hold flat in R&D going forward, as we continue to work of the [Dash 9]. I think that you'll see that. I think we also will see that the period expense pick up a bit and it will be relatively flat over the rest of the year. And then I think the fleet support will sort of come up in the second half of the year.
James Bell: It's going to be, if you look at our guidance at about three, nine to four, the bulk of that is going to be BCA. And so, we're going to get that we'll hit the guidance mark on that. So, we don't look to see us understand that by any great margin. I think we'll be right on guidance.
James Bell: Yes you know really what it bows down to Doug is we are going to get higher volume in over the course of the year. This is typically lower; their volume is lower in first quarter. So we are going to see the volume go up on some of the program. We expect better performance, we expect the benefits of a lot of our productivity efforts to start showing up in second, third and fourth quarter and that's where we're going to see the better earning picture there.
James Bell: I don't have that specific we could probably get back to you and talk to you in more detail about it, but I don't have that with me right now.
James Bell: Well remember the dynamics between program accounting and unit accounting where the impact of program accounting and unit accounting, where the impact of favorable mix is better is larger in unit accounting. So in first quarter we had a real favorable mix of 777 freighters be delivered and that's what you saw in their margins that drove unit up to 11.
James Bell: Well it wasn't really either. It was the negotiations we had with our customers. We were delivering working under a indefinite type contract action and by the time we got to the negotiations to finalize those, a lot of that work was substantially completed and so the government positioned our customers position basically was, it wasn't as with risk associated with it and so we ended up getting lower margins than we traditionally get when we sign up to a fixed price contract, production contract in the beginning before we start working on it.
James Bell: No not at all. We are trying to work on the process with our customer to get these kind of fixed price production contracts negotiated earlier, but we don't find ourselves in the situation.
James Bell: Yes I think we are seeing very few issues particularly configuration which often times does present meddlesome issues throughout the course of flight test due to the maturity of the design and we're seeing a pretty methodical step through of the things that we need to demonstrate. I mean I think the most difficult obviously were fluttered testing, ground effects, static test on the wing and these are very fundamental tests that test the integrity of the design early and we like it that way so we find out early if there is any issues and we step through those on a pretty reasonable basis, on a very reasonable actually and we are getting more data from those test than we thought we'd get and that will help reduce number of flight hours required later as we pursue certification because that data can be substitute for actual flight hours.  So we are feeling pretty good right now and save an unknown that could hit us, we feel comfortable that with the margin we have, with the current rate of flying that we are now up to and the greater amount of data per flight I think we feel confident on our ability to complete flight test within the timeframe we have guided you towards.
James Bell: Well all the testing isn't done but the integrity of the wing okay and the configuration of the wing, superb. The efficiency will be tested with different engine types and under different conditions but we are if what you are getting at is are we confident that we can meet the mission that we promised our customers as we work off some of the weight. The answer is yes. 
James Bell: Its conservative. My contingency, in that we have. I don't really want to get into how big it is because obviously, we are going to be driving performance over the next three quarters Joe but let's just say, I have what I would consider adequate contingency to cover some of the development risk that still lies ahead of us in these two major development programs.
James Bell: Well we wouldn't do it if they weren't ready that's a being mistake in our business. So obviously before we change the rate on the 777, we have had in depth discussions with our suppliers before we changed the rate on the 7777 we had in depth discussions with our suppliers and before we changed the rate on the 737 if we do change it, it will be done with the support of our suppliers. I am not sure what you are hearing.
James Bell: When I was talking about mix and on BDS, I think the mix going forward would be on BCA it'll be about the same as we saw this quarter. So that's how what's going to drive us. What's going to drive it is going to be as I mentioned earlier is the timing of R&D expenditures, the timing of investment and our productivity tools and some of our fleet support cost timing as we get it closer to entering the 787 into service. 
James Bell: I just think its part of it is a C-17 piece. I think that's a piece we're have to work on going forward and the fact that we got negotiated the margins that are more end of cost site contract margins because of the lateness of definitizing the contract but other than that, I think that's the only thing that I would say that's different. Either external or internal and the rest is principally what I said was timing some of the expenditures, the prototyping earlier on and then, we're holding our guidance for the year because we believe in these the next three quarters will get back to the normal operating run rate. 
James Bell: I didn't say that, I said it was better, then we had anticipated for the first quarter. I think we still have a lot of challenges that we'll have to face into for the next three quarters and so we are still comfortable with our guidance at zero operating cash.
James Bell: No I am saying anticipated at being when it happened yesterday with that so its about, its about the same today
James Bell: Well no I think one of the things that offset the TIA delay was the fact that the configuration was a lot more mature than we had planned for. So it was in that spirit that I made the comment.
James Bell: That concludes our earning call. Again, for members of the media, if you have further questions, please call our media relations team at 312-544-2002.
