W. McNerney: Thanks, James. This is clearly an important year for Boeing. We remain focused on completing our development programs and getting these new and efficient products into the hands of our customers. At the same time, we are working in a very disciplined manner to increase commercial production rates and execute our Defense, Space & Security strategy, all aimed at meeting the marketplace demands. With a good start to the year, based on our continued focus on productivity improvements, cash management and disciplined execution, we are on track for a strong 2011 and well-positioned to deliver value to our stakeholders in the years ahead.  With all of that said, we'd now be glad to take your questions.
W. McNerney: Well, let's see. I'll start at the beginning. As I may -- as I said in my comments, because I anticipate that there may be more than one question on this, so I'll try to sweep a number of these in. As most of you know, as I said in my remarks, we spent the better part of the last year or 18 months pushing hard on both options. And as the new small airplane largely a technical and production question, re-engine, largely a marketplace acceptance question because the do-ability of it technically is less costly and has less risk. I think what we've seen over the last, I would say over the last 2 to 3 months, we've seen the marketplace assessment pushing more for the re-engined option. We've also been somewhat more mindful of the risks associated with getting a massive new production system up on an all-new airplane by 2019, which doesn't suggest we couldn't do it but there is more risk as you get deeper into it than perhaps we appreciated at the beginning of the assessment. You combine these 2 things and you get to a re-engine decision. And just to bear on one part of your question, it is largely about the engine. The configuration that we're looking at is that there will be some systemic impact on parts of the airframe. But I think I would characterize our strategy as to minimize those while still achieving the kinds of operating efficiency, cash-on-cash and performance goals that I mentioned in my talk. I think that's one advantage of this option quite frankly is that we do have confidence that CFM can produce the engine. And we see very manageable risk on incorporating it into, and integrating it, into the airframe. So again, and we've been studying this for awhile, so this didn't occur to us a week before the American Airline competition. This is something -- and I would characterize the American Airlines' deal as part of a much broader voice of the marketplace that it is very highly valuing efficiency today versus more efficiency tomorrow. And you know the environment they're operating in and perhaps -- and we've always said that the last thing we would do is do an all-new airplane if it put a lot of market share at risk in the short and medium term. And that which gets to the question of would the marketplace wait for the perfect solution further down the road or not? And so mix that all together and that's where we ended up. You had one specific American Airline campaign question and I've lost it.
W. McNerney: Yes, okay. Yes, James, you can talk to the R&D profile which is very manageable, okay. The 2018 is less a function of when we can get the airplane done. And more a function of when American Airlines needed the plane.
W. McNerney: Well, I think there's no question that we will be delivering significant productivity to the airlines with the re-engined product. I think the fuel efficiency is, and this is fairly conservative isn't it, in the 10% to 12% range, operating cost improvements are also significant. So an airline in a perfect world would be willing to pay for that. And we expect to capture a large part of the value in the pricing. Obviously -- and that's our plan -- obviously, the competitive element, campaign to campaign, can get in the way of that. And that's reality, but that's another reason I think to take -- to find a sweet spot of a lot of value but with manageable financial and technical risk. And that's the approach we've taken. But we expect -- we plan on it and we expect to get value. You're right, Joe, that we are at a, I don't want to say high watermark but I want to say pretty robust level now that we've been producing this plane for a long time. And I think those margins are sustainable.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean, I do understand where that question comes from, I think. But I do want to emphasize again that we have been studying the re-engine option to the same degree that we've been studying a new airplane option for the last year or more. So this was not something that we sidled up to at the last minute. Admittedly though, Ron, and our view of the marketplace changed over the last 3 months, I would say. And as I said in my -- in answer to the last question, I think the significant economics that we can deliver with re-engine are more highly valued over the next 5 to 7 years than even better economics after that point. And this is in-depth discussion with customers and one of which was American Airlines. But believe me, that was not the only customer we talked to. And that we also validated that the re-engine could deliver the kind of numbers I alluded to earlier. You wrapped that all -- that combined with the not having all the answers we wanted on the production system to support an all-new airplane in hand, I think that -- so the technical risk kind of moved to the right and the marketplace moved to the left, if I can phrase it that way. And that's why we made the call we did.
W. McNerney: Well, I think American's announcement said that both of us played significant roles in the financing. Obviously, we provided some lease back-stop financing for this transaction. We anticipate though that as we have in most cases over the years, that we'll be able to work with partners to offload parts of it, the extent of which we have to take it, significant parts of it that's yet to be discovered, but we have some -- we have a high degree of confidence there. And I can say for us, I mean, Airbus will have to speak for themselves, but I can say for us the commitments we made are very manageable within the context of our overall financial strength. And so we are very comfortable with it.
W. McNerney: Yes. Listen, Doug, our projections as to the ramp certification and deliveries are the same, okay? We have not changed any of those. So just as a framework for the answer I'm about to give you, we did take a 20-day pause to rebalance the line, all within that guidance. I view that as good news, okay? I mean, the facts are we have broad visibility across our supply chain now and when we need to take a pause to rebalance it, we do it early. We get rebalanced and we're almost done with this 20-day rebalance we've done now. The only thing worse than a rebalance is to not rebalance. You pay for it in cost and schedule in a big way later. So we're pretty agile now to rebalance quickly and it will be a positive over the life of this program and through the ramp that we're accomplishing because a couple of places got out of sequence and a couple of places got -- didn't meet their objectives on completed work. And that's all healing up now. And hey, and listen, we could it again sometime over the next year or so. We'd have to get in balance. That's how you have to manage this kind of supply chain. So that's, and I think we've been fairly open about it, this 20-day thing. I don't know where this 787-9 rumor. I guess there was -- I guess in New Zealand there was a -- just like in maybe the same press that you're looking at, there was a comment that there was a worry that the 787-9 was pushed into 2014. I'm not sure where that came from. But our ramp plans on the 787-9 are in place, it's going well. As you know, we have the surge line in Everett as protection should we get into a stutter step mode there. Surge line is also there by design to protect against any hiccups in Charleston as we ramp up. That's the whole strategy. And right now, our projections have us in good shape. So that's -- if you're looking for something else in answer, ask specifically, I'll see what I can do.
W. McNerney: Well, it's a -- I think, we're 25 to 30. I would view it -- I would characterize it, Doug, as a narrowing of the projection and holding on to the base projection. But it's well within the guidance that we started the year with.
W. McNerney: I think we always anticipated that we'd have some rejiggering and some rebalancing of the line. It's just the nature of this, of ramping up a supply chain like this. And I think the extent to which you've seen it, it was -- well, not specifically anticipated, it was in general anticipated.
W. McNerney: Well, listen, the reason we feel that way is that data suggests that it's accomplishable, all right? And one of the components of that assessment. The components of that assessment are the healing up and the ability to ramp further of our major supplier partners. We're in a pause right now to get that healed up. And as I said before, that could happen again and not threaten the overall ramp rate, all right? It helps your ability to get there. Another component is the modification work being done on the airplanes that are already built. We've got a very systematic way to go about it, factory within a factory in Everett, some help in San Antonio. The statement of work is clearly understood. Now that we're at the very end of the flight test program, there is the additional engineering input, which drives some of that work, is going to go away. So that really becomes a known statement of work, just get through it, is it manned adequately, resourced adequately? We think we've answered those questions. So is it a challenging ramp? Yes. Do we think we can do it? Yes. And it's because we analyzed the data and tried to understand the amount of work and project we can make it.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean, obviously the board is aware of the direction we're taking, Cai. I think you never want to outrun your board though in terms of getting the formal approval you need. And I would expect that we would be receiving that soon. And we're working through that now. And it's just a matter of, as I mentioned, formalizing the final configuration and therefore documenting the business case and crossing all the Ts and dotting all the Is and giving the board an absolutely thorough look at what the impact will be. But we're going to keep talking to customers.
W. McNerney: Yes, I think the -- I don't know how much you know about the Ryanair deal, Heidi. It wouldn't surprise me if you know more than I think you do. Having said that, walking away from the Ryanair deal last year was the right thing to do. It didn't -- that business case did not close for us or for Ryanair, so it was one of those things that didn't make sense. This one does. I would say that obviously, the American competition did get pretty heated as Airbus who hadn't sold planes there in a number of years wanted to come in and get market share and did get some market share there. And it was pretty aggressively priced, but not irresponsibly priced from our standpoint. Airbus can speak for themselves. What I can tell you is that this is a very profitable deal for us and for American. So it's one these good deals for both sides. So I'm not uncomfortable with the pricing level there. But I think the competitive dynamics were a little more intense there because of the early Airbus move.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean, we haven't made the final decision where we're going to produce the re-engined airplane. Your question implies though that after the 42 a month, we do run into some challenges if Renton were the choice, some capital expenditures there to increase it. But we have other options and we're going to study them all as we think it through. But demand could easily be that high in the time frame we're talking about. And good news is we have options.
W. McNerney: Well, it would depend as we studied it, how competitive they could be as compared to Renton or compared to another site. I think we would study it all and come up with a decision that makes the most sense for our customers and the company.
W. McNerney: We believe our current market share can be held. We think there is robust demand for the re-engined airplane. I mean, I think the operating economics, we're a bit of a sweet spot with the engine with GE and Snecma in the sense that some of the technology insertion plans they have peaks at a good time in terms of engine performance. And given our strategy to incorporate the new technology efficiently, yet minimize the systemic impact on other parts of the airplane, I think it presents kind of a low-risk, low-capital way to access this market growth as opposed to a much longer cycle, much more expensive new small airplane. But the demand is there. I'm convinced of it, particularly in the developing world as well as coming on strong in the United States.
W. McNerney: Yes. I think, as to the first part of your question, let me just get into the end zone quickly. Based on the data we've got and the customer data we've got, we believe our re-engined airplane will be -- have roughly the same margin of capability over the NEO as our current airplane has over the current A330, which is sort of a 2%, 3%, 4% depending on the mission, depending on the model cash-on-cash gap. And so we plan on based on what we know now of retaining that gap is one way to think about it. The fan size, we have studied a number of options on the fan size very thoroughly. We've also studied some elements of core configuration, too. So trust me when I tell you that this has not gone unstudied. We are centering now the 2 teams on a favored configuration that we've been working on. And it would be premature to mention right now what it is until we get -- until have we got the approval, and customers know specifically about it. But I think we're in pretty good shape, that we have centered on an option that makes sense to us.
W. McNerney: I think the -- you're right. There's a balance between the risks associated with the various developments, which tends to favor modification and higher risk developments on new airplanes which tend to engage more of the workforce. And we're very mindful of that. I think where the re-engine leaves us is -- but first we got to execute that. I mean, that is -- I characterize it as lower risk, but none of these things are low, low risk. And so there's going to be a significant amount of engineering talent, GE, Snecma and here to get that done properly. We will probably turn more quickly to some significant modification on the 777, which will involve a lot of engagement of our workforce. I would say the 2 projects after the re-engine that we have to sort out would be -10 on the 787, which is a further stretch of that airplane and then some degree of refurbishment as I just said on the 777, which could range from small to large. And we're sort of waiting to see what the A350-1000 is or isn't to make that judgment. I think you always want to plan conservatively, so we're planning on the modification being somewhat significant. And those kinds of modifications are almost the same as new airplanes in terms of the kind of people you need to employ in the scope of the work. And then there will be, obviously, as we get into the next decade, the choice on the all-new narrowbody versus an all-new wide-body. But there'll be a lot of work in the meantime to keep our folks busy.
W. McNerney: I think our take is that it will, at least in our minds -- and I'm mindful that we haven't given you guidance, okay? So I'm sort of -- except the directional guidance over the next year or so. But the R&D profile has not changed significantly based on the reprioritization of the re-engine versus the NSA. There are plenty of things for our people to do and I think the net impact would be the upfronting of some wide-body work and pushing out of some narrowbody work given that we're doing a smaller scope project versus a bigger scope project on the NSA. I think that -- and so therefore -- and plus there's some advance work . I mean, you mentioned the 787 and the struggles we had with that development. That was as much about not getting technology that we wanted to inject into the next airplane matured properly as it was about some issues on supply chain execution. So we're going to be doing more work on technical maturation, just fundamental work. And when you at that all up, our LRBP hasn't changed in terms of R&D.
W. McNerney: Well, I think the NLRB case, we remain highly confident that at the end of the day, that we will win this case. And that's obviously a legal judgment. It will take a lot of twists and turns and it will probably have to get in, in the worst-case, get in to the federal courts for the judgment to be made. So given the confidence that we are doing the right thing, not only for our company but within the law, we're continuing to invest there. We're continuing to hire new people as we grow our company and as we grow exports for this country and provide employment. We're going to do that in South Carolina. And depending upon how it goes, we'll have to see how competitive the factory is. I mean, we're going to invest to make it as competitive as we can. But I think it's fair to say that just getting the 87 done over the next few years is a big challenge. And we are going to succeed, but over the next few years, I don't want to dilute the effort down there with other new airplanes right away. So it could be an option down the road on re-engine. But it's not at the top of the list right now.
W. McNerney: 0. 0 impact. Sorry, I answered the wrong -- I answered it rather eloquently, but I answered the wrong question.
W. McNerney: No, they're both neck and neck, both by the end of August is what the current data says. As to your first, I think you said, you may be on a cell phone so I -- there really is no connection between the 787 supply chain ramp up and our 737 production ramp up programs. So any [indiscernible]
W. McNerney: No connection. Different marketplaces, different products. Our decision, as I had mentioned, was based on the -- on the 737 was based on a combination of technical and marketplace assessments and had nothing to do with the 787 in our minds.
W. McNerney: Well, listen, I mean, Renton is one of the great aerospace factories in the world, okay? So obviously, the idea of putting a lot of work, a lot of narrowbodies there is very attractive. I think the spirit in which I was answering the question was, until we have sorted out the milestones associated with the ramp up, the degree to which we have to modify the airplane, there would be major investments in Renton beyond the currently planned production rates. Until we sort that all out, we can't confirm where we're going to put it precisely. But would putting it in Renton be a good option? Yes.
W. McNerney: Well, listen, I think until we study it all, obviously Renton has a strong case. But again, Dominic, there is significant investment beyond the -- that we'd have to make some place beyond the current rates that we're contemplating. And until we understand exactly what the plan will be and at what rate we have to build it, I think we have to study that and figure it out.
W. McNerney: No. That's a fair question. We are seeing no structural issues. I think the issues that we're working through have to do with the assembly of the airplane and the manufacturing of it. And we're going through that in a very rigorous and disciplined way to get to where we need to get to. But structural, they were largely through flight test and through static test which surfaces -- which is designed to surface those kinds of issues. And we're getting to the very end of that and there is no major or minor structural issues that I know of.
W. McNerney: Well, I think those that needed the time reacted favorably to it and those that were ready to go -- that's why we went to a planned pause so that people could manage their inventory as well as they could. But it's -- I don't know that there will be more pauses. I think one of the judgments you make with the pause is that you are in effect accelerating the schedule when compared with the case of not doing the pause, okay? And so it's not as simple as adding 20 days to whatever schedule you were on. It's a matter of getting rid of significantly more risk by adding 20 days and we're getting closer to having the balance we need.
W. McNerney: Yes, it's more of the latter. I mean, I think a lot of the work, which was developmental work, I mean we're not, we weren't to the point of bending metal or forming composite or anything like that. It was mostly advance kind of work. And that work will be very valuable when, and will be updated based on experience we've got with the 787 because a lot of the technologies came out of the 787 development and there'll be -- and that's often the way it works in the aerospace world. It'll be relooked at and advanced and somewhere down the road after we re-engine, an all-new airplane will become the right thing to do. And we'll be better off at that point because we've done the work we've done over the last 1.5 years than we would be have we not done it.
W. McNerney: Well, I mean, I think it's -- the way I look at it is the closer we get to the end of certification, the better we get the production system in alignment, the better we are able to predict and reaffirm the schedules. Are there some risks? Yes. This is not an easy business to always get precisely correct as you have noted from time to time. So the 787-9, just to refresh, the 787-9, our guidance is end of '13, okay? That's a delivery. Air New Zealand is one of the very first customers to get the 787-9. And it takes a while to induct these things in the service, so I don't know if whether there's a disconnect between when we deliver it and the time he takes to get in into the fleet or not. I don't know what he meant by that. But we have not changed our schedule.
W. McNerney: That's one of the things we have to sort out as we go through the timing of the requirement of our customers. It will be obviously an option and we'll dovetail it into the schedule as it makes sense, both to us and our customers. But we don't have that question finally answered yet.
W. McNerney: Yes, sure. Yes, we have confidence in American Airlines. It's one of -- this country's and one of the world's great airlines. But they have been managing a difficult financial equation but they've been doing it well. And so I think our confidence in them is high, but also the confidence in our own hardware is high, okay? So in the event of some delays or in the event of some financial turbulence with American, we will work with them but we also have confidence that if, for some reason, they don't need the airplanes, then we'll find places to put them. I don't want to speak for them in terms of how they enable their financial equation. All I know is that we're working with them in a way that is also mindful of our financial situation and we're doing things that we think can help a good customer but not in anyway impair a very strong balance sheet that we have.
W. McNerney: It certainly speaks to the strength and focus of that management team. And I give them high marks for managing through a tough time and keeping the team with them.
James Bell: On R&D, Rob, obviously, a derivative airplane is a lot less expensive, a lot less risk associated with than an all-new airplane. So we will see that the R&D impact to this will be a lot less. R&D will go down in '12 as we've told you. I think it was going down at any scenario but obviously, we will have a better opportunity to do a little better in '12 than we probably previously thought if we were doing a totally new airplane.
James Bell: I think first and foremost there aren't an overrun on the program. Because if we were overrunning it, we would have a forward loss that we would have to take. I think where the question gets in is between target cost and the total value of the contract. We had always bid this contract thinking that on the EMD phase, it would be a very low profitability or breakeven and that the profit would be generated as we started producing the tankers, the 179. And so nothing's changed from that philosophy, nothing's changed from our bid. I think what you're hearing is that it's the target versus the ceiling.
James Bell: No. I think what you're referring to are the period expenses that are absolutely allocable to the contract but are paid on a quarterly basis. Those are inventoried. And we have assumed that other parts of Dennis' [ph] business will accommodate those as those are incurred and are charged off here on a current expense base.
James Bell: On the EMD phase only is what we're assuming today. But the incentive nature of the contract, obviously, we'll be working hard to improve that cost performance over time.
James Bell: Yes, I can help you with that, Howard. We obviously are looking to see that the certification effort is over at the end of August and we're going to see the engineers get moved off of that program. And so we still think that given what we see and what we know and if it goes as planned, that we'll get into the guidance range on R&D.
James Bell: It will still come down next year. What I did say was that the expenditure profile for the development effort now that we are looking more at a re-engine versus a new airplane will be less. But R&D will come down about the same as we'd always thought.
James Bell: So on your first part of your question, the onetimers that we had in the quarter really related to BDS. It was the, what I mentioned earlier, the sale of property and then also we had a closeout of the operating contract at ULA and gave them a little more favorable performance. So I think, when you take that out, you're about at the run rate we see them going forward. With BD -- with BCA, it's more driven by a number of things. First of all, we're going to have a pretty significant impact to margins associated with the dilution as we start delivering 787s and 747-8. That will be somewhat offset by reduced R&D, but we will also have an increase in the fleet support effort associated with that. So those 2 will balance. So you are going to see margins in the second half of the year mitigate in BCA. And I think we'll come in at our total year at what you see at the guidance range. Going forward, as we see ramp up on all these programs, what we think is going to happen, particularly on the current production programs and their level of maturity, what we'd like to see happen is to sustain the kind of profitability we have today. And as Jim just talked about, we do have pricing pressure that we are assuming in the margins today, and we talked about that earlier, that there is going to be some pricing pressure and we understand that. So the plan would be going forward is to sustain the margins. Obviously, we'll have less R&D next year but we will still have some in-service costs associated with fleet support with the 87. And then we'll start up on the new development program on re-engine. So we're going to get to -- we'll have to figure out next year what our operating R&D rate is going forward and we'll give you that update once we know it. But I think if you look at the gross margins our program, the strategy is to sustain them. Not to expect that we're going to have a significant amount of the increase except for, obviously, the development programs that as they ramp up we would expect their margin performance from them.
James Bell: I think I did quantify -- I didn't quantify, just told you what it was. It's about $40 million for the -- for about both. And fleet support, we don't specify. We will tell you what the total is, we don't specify by program.
