Jim McNerney: Thank you, Greg. 2014 was another year of strong operating performance and significant cash generation, as we successfully executed on our record backlog that allowed us to return cash to our shareholders, while still prudently investing to sustain our growth and competitive advantage. Built upon an underlying foundation, 2014 was a very strong year for Boeing as we continue to deliver on the significant and sustained growth and increasing profitability and cash flow that our strategies were designed to produce. Thanks to the tremendous efforts of our employees, our partners, and customers around the world. We achieved critical strategic milestones in both businesses. Continued focus and execution on production and development programs that are important to our customers and maintain our relentless focus on productivity to enable continued investment in our future, all of which sets the stage for further growth and sustained business performance for customers and shareholders in the years ahead. Now we would be delighted to take your questions.
Jim McNerney: Let me take a swing at that one Howard. On the 777, the good issue there obviously is the bridge, transition to the bridge because I think the market is focused on the launch of the 777X, a very robust launch. As to the bridge, there is 63 orders this year that Ray and his team secured bodes well for the 40 to 60 we need over the next few years to get to the bridge. So I am feeling increasingly comfortable there. Long-term demand for the airplane, there is no competition for the airplane. So I feel very good about the long-term demand for the airplane. I think on the 787, I think what you’re going to see is a mix from Dash 8s to Dash 9s to Dash 10s and that we saw moving around this skyline as that’s accommodated. That’s all good news for The Boeing Company in the sense that we’re usually selling more capability for higher price and that dynamic, I don’t see changing. I think we are still -- we are little bit hampered by the number of orders we have, I mean, that’s without the 20, 21ish. I would anticipate toward the end of this year and in the next year a rekindling of orders on the 87 as we get a little closer to the end of the decade. People begin to pick up options. The moving around of the Skyline was subsided a little bit. And the airplanes performance, quite frankly, I cited it in my remarks, the airplanes performance to be candid is better I think, by and large, than we sold it at. And we are very pleased with the operating costs, the fuel savings obviously, and the thing that is often left unnoticed here is that this grows the market. This airplane enables wide-body or any kind of body, quite frankly, city pairs that have never been enabled before. And so I’m sort of making up the number, but it's 20% of the demand for this thing is opening up capacity between city pairs that was not available before because of the performance of the airplane. So it’s a little bit longer answer than you wanted, but that’s my dump on the subject.
Jim McNerney: Yeah. I guess, Cai, I’d put it into three categories. First of all, let me just back up. The things we are doing on this program every day are all about driving cash and profitability over the long-term. So there is going to be decision we make quarter-over-quarter or frankly between last year and this year and forward, that are enhancements to the production system over the long-term that are proven, we've done them on other programs, and now it's about implementing them on the 787. So there’s some of that in there that’s really again focused on investments over the long-term of the program. On as far as labor, we are coming down on unit cost, but we are coming down in a lower rate than what we expected or anticipated. And again, we are doing that at these higher labor levels to really achieve the stability, incorporate those reliability enhancements I talked about. And then these productivity initiatives, again they are going to take folks to work through each one of those at every sequence of the bill and we are working that. And we are working at an enterprise level. We are leveraging across Boeing. So we know where the bottlenecks are or some of the challenges are. So now it's about reaching -- when we reach the 10 a month, capturing that and improving upon that. On the supply chain side, we’ve talked about the timing of some of our discussions and negotiations and some of those have moved out to the right and I think I’ve mentioned before that we're seeing a benefit in doing that. These guys are still coming down the learning curve. We are helping them in encapsulate productivity enhancements that we are seeing or able to achieve in Charleston and Everett, we want to get that back into the supply chain. And then from there, we’ll mature our negotiations. So again a near-term sacrifice, but much long-term benefit frankly for us and our supplier. But those are really the three main categories that we are faced with over the next kind of year and to the end of '15. But very focused again on the long-term and very focused on improving cash in the program and none of those fundamental have changed.
Jim McNerney: No, I can’t Cai. I mean, those are the main three categories, like those are ones we are working on. There is no I see significant split between the three of them.
Jim McNerney: Well, on C-17, we’ve got seven that remain unsold, Sam. We delivered seven last year. We’ll deliver four in 2015 and then four in ’16 and then probably about two in ’17. So we are in active discussions with customers for the balance of those aircraft remaining and we are highly confident that we’ll sell those and be able deliver them over that timeframe. On the share count, like I said earlier, you saw what we did in ’14, we up the reauthorization. So we are very focused on that, and we’ll continue to execute and utilize that authorization.
Jim McNerney: No. I mean, I think the -- I mean, two examples with the ANA and Cutter where there was a blended order of both, the new airplane, the X, as well as one of the current models. I think in both cases the 300ERs and I’d maybe for getting exactly the model type in one of those cases. But I think it is a sign that the capability is an enduring capability and the competition is -- I hate to say it this way but there is not much competition to this capability. So versus any alternative, both the old and the new make sense and it’s more a matter of satisfying demand and running a competitive airline that drives them to buy both types. And so we’re in a fortunate position here. And it's one that we will shamelessly take advantage of.
Jim McNerney: Book-to-bill, its early in the year, I think, it will at least be one to one would be is the way it looks now and we’ll see as the year goes forward.
Jim McNerney: I think there is no question that seat supply did impact some deliveries and some fall in our production system. We are working through it now. We see it being resolved this year. We regret any impact it has had on our customers but it’s all been within our plans and within our guidance as we work through it. I think the supply base is adjusting to these higher volumes, both 787 and anticipated higher volumes and another programs and I think they'll be ready.
Jim McNerney: Yeah. I mean, I think the statuses where true costs to the end of the decade on F-15s which is a big pieces of St. Louis. We’ve regained momentum on F-18s. I think in the minds of many, there remains a need beyond that order. So there is a good chance that that line could continue at least to the end of the decade. Although, we do not yet have firm orders that's an assessment. And there is no question that when we win Long-Range Strike and I'm sounding as confident as I can, because I do believe we will, that it will solidify the future of St. Louis for many, many years to come.
Jim McNerney: Not at all. The timing of the deliveries is really solely tied to when we finish the work on the aircraft. And frankly it's a matter of prioritizing the teams that have taken them off the production line and moving them over on the early build. So that is the only thing tied into that. It’s really just about finishing up the aircraft for the customers. With regards the aircraft themselves, we continued to see a viable market and we are in active discussions with many customers related to those airplanes. So that is fundamentally how we're handling the EMC airplanes and you are right. I mean, we are work through them in a prudent fashion and we do expect to deliver three or four this year. Operator, we have time for one last question from the media.
Jim McNerney: I have respect for SpaceX. I think they offer more limited mission types than we do at this stage. But their combination of focus on gaining capability at improved cost is going to benefit the market. It will make us a better competitor in some segments where cost has become more important. I suspect that we will retain the lead in those segments where often manned type missions that go a long way into many places we’ve never been before. I see the advantage, we have there will sustain itself for a long period of time.
Greg Smith: Yes -- no, I think that there you shouldn’t look at any differently, Carter. I think when you step back and you look at how this program has performed, it’s performed very well, 114 deliveries last year, and obviously we’ve reached the record production rate higher than any wide-body in aviation history and we are planning to go up. The fundamental milestones that you talked about with regard to cash positive, we still expect that in '15 and we still expect deferred to decline shortly after we hit that 12 a month that we are planning for in '16. So those things have not changed. We obviously -- as I discussed, we see next two to three quarters similar growth than what we’ve seen and then later in '15 the decline at a healthier rate. But all of that is anticipated in the guidance we gave in cash flow. And at the end of the day, that’s what matters. You’ve seen our results in '14, you see our guidance for '15, our cash, all that is again taking into consideration.
Greg Smith: Well, as you know, Doug, one of the strategies we had in place was to derisk the decade and we’ve certainly done. The risk profile going forward is a very different than it was in the past. And so continuing to execute on delivering on the backlog, focusing on the core operating performance, again improving the 787 cash profile, and of course capturing those final C-17, that’s the biggest driver from '14 to '15. We are going to have higher cash taxes because we are improving unit costs on 787. And we have again slightly higher R&D, all planned out, 777X and 10X. So those are kind of the moving pieces from '14 to '15. With regards to deployment, you’ve seen what we did last year. You see the authorization we have in place, it’s in place to utilize it and we plan to do that.
Greg Smith: Yeah, there was no pull-forward in the quarter, Joe. There was more Dash 9. It was about 30% more Dash 9 mix in third quarter versus fourth quarter. So that obviously had an impact. And then we had more reliability enhancements in the fourth quarter than we did in the third. And again that’s something that we are really trying to be proactive and get those embedded into the production system, so they are there when we deliver the airplane. But those are really the big moving pieces between 3Q and 4Q.
Greg Smith: That’s fair. I mean, obviously, you've seen it, it’s a significant focus area for us and any -- all elements around working capital and we are going to continue that effort going forward.
Greg Smith: All I mean, CapEx, this year, obviously, is just tied to the growth, right, it’s on the successful launch of this 777X, the -10 and then, of course, 787 rate combined with 737. So those are the real of a -- fundamental drivers of the growth in CapEx. This year will be increased because of preparing for the entry into service of those aircraft and we will probably have a similar year next year and then it will start to decline from there. And again, all tied to growth, all tied to the successful launches of those programs, combined with productivity, we’ve got additional productivity initiatives in here, including the automation that, Jim, talked about and so, that’s kind of the profile on CapEx. For R&D, again, 777X and 10X as 787-9 certainly winds down and 37, I’ll say, MAX continues at a similar spend rate. If you look at the entry into service on 777X, you’re going to see a profile from here, but again you’re going to see 10X declining. So we’re continuing to manage it and look at further ways to optimize the R&D spend, as Jim has talked about a lot. But for this year, we’re seeing that about $3.5 billion and I think managing it very efficiently and taking advantage of a lot of things, again that Jim highlighted, in doing it in a more efficient and effective manner.
Greg Smith: Well, I don't think our ability to delivery will come under pressure, but you'll have a very similar to what you’ve seen on the 787. You’ll have some additional flow time associated with those early introductory units and that will get feathered into the current 777 as we deliver those. So, yeah, I’d say, it’s well planned out phasing in strategy that was really leveraged off the success of the 787 and that’s the plan going forward.
Greg Smith: Yeah. I mean, in the quarter Ron, 37 and 777 unchanged from quarter-over-quarter, so no change in margins there. And as I mentioned, we did have a block extension on the 37. This is really associated with period costs. As you know, we’re seasonably high in fourth quarter around taxes and fleet support and just the amount of deliveries we have. And then some investments we've made across the business whether it takes several reliability or in some of the fleet management efforts. So I’d say, high in the quarter but not something that it would take forward from here.
Greg Smith: Well, we continue to have plans to reduce the unit cost on the program run whether it's through our only internal efforts or working with the supply chain. So those initiatives are all laid out and now we got to go execute those and we have plans in place to do them. Again, this is stuff we know how to do. We've done it on other programs and we’re putting obviously, additional focus on that and this again remains a priority for us. So at the same time, we’re continuing to invest in productivity as I talked about. As we get more mature with the production system, we see more opportunities to do things better and more efficiently but they taken in investment. So short-term investment -- short-term challenge but long-term significant gains for the program. And that’s really where we got everybody focused.
Greg Smith: Well, Jon. I guess, I’d start with, as I said the fundamental milestone around the 787 being the cash positive than the deferred planning after we reach 12 a month, 2016 haven’t changed. And the focus on the program hasn’t changed. It’s all around, again, being more efficient on each unit in capturing additional unit cost. There are initiatives within the supply chain. Obviously, there is initiative within our factory and we’re working to capture those, and continue the journey on the successful productivity we have in the program today. That’s what everybody is focused on, ultimately leading to again cash positive in 2015.
