Dave Calhoun: Yes. I think, Brian, the numbers speak for themselves. We couldn't be more pleased with the way the year closed with very few surprises. We're heading into the year. We know the supply chain is going to be tough and constrained, but we also believe that we control that environment. It's our job to get ahead of it. So, thank you. We're happy to take some questions.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, Peter, why don't I start with China. Your numbers are within the range of my numbers, that is what's going on. I think as everybody knows, the opening up of China is going to be a major event in aviation. And the aviation industry was already stressed in terms of demand broadly in the world. So this is a serious bump for everybody, but most importantly, within China, they need the MAX to fly to satisfy those demands. So we were going to do there what we do here in the U.S. and focus on the airplanes they have on the Tarmac today, which is close to 100 airplanes, the readiness of each and every one of them, and ultimately, they're getting into full revenue service. So for six months, I think that's the course for all of us to stay focused on. And then we're going to take up the question of deliveries. And is there a moment in time where that begins to come back. I don't want to predict that date, Peter, but the odds go up every day. Our MAX gets back into service and the airplanes that we have on our tarmacs, hopefully, we get ready and deliver to our customers. So, I think there's a reason to be optimistic. We will not change guidance and or predict those outcomes until they actually occur.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, Doug, again, I don't want to conjecture too much, but the two essential things to achieve that kind of objective. Number one, are we facilitized at that kind of rate? And the answer is, as we progress through this year, we'll be yes. Number two, and by far, the more challenging is, are we going to be stable, month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, predictable where the supply chain and the buffers that we put in place with respect to that supply chain are adequate. That's a harder, tougher put. I think it's going to take us all year to ultimately demonstrate that stability can and will be achieved. And if I get to that, and I hope I do, we do, then I'll take on that conjecture. But I -- for right now, we are just squarely focused on that question of stability. As Brian said, our fourth quarter was good. We finished well. We didn't have a lot of surprises in December. But if you look at the month-to-month in the quarter, you can't be happy with that. I mean just a few too many stoppages along the way. As you know, our philosophy is we're not going to travel anything anymore. We're not going to compound issues that occur. And we're going to maintain that philosophy. So watch the month-to-month, that's going to tell you a lot about our willingness to consider the rates you're talking about.
Dave Calhoun: Well, as I said, will we be facilitized to handle that kind of volume at that stage? Yes, we'll stay well ahead of that. And you'll see things that occur over this year that will demonstrate that. So I'm -- that's the part of it. I'm not so worried about. Again, it's stability questions. And then there will be a factor that we'll have to apply with respect to China. We're going to have to believe we're back and we're back for good.
Dave Calhoun: Let me start with the latter of the engine discussion. Again, what I'm really happy with is the transparency with which we are planning for rates with our engine suppliers and you know who they are and predominantly one. And I'm feeling good about that. And we have plans to do it. I don't think any of us are yet at the high confidence moment on that, but we will. And that progression will occur over the course of the year when we are at high confidence, then we're going to get to the kind of rates that we -- that are built into our guidance. We've got a low end and a higher end and we'll find out where we're going to fit on that depending on it. But the transparency is amazing, no one's out guessing each other. And because this market has been so strong, no one is second guessing the rates. Everybody knows these rates, if we get to them, we'll achieve them and then we can continue to move forward. So there's a lot of good, but until we see it month to month and until we get to that high confidence moment, we're going to hold our production rate steady. And Brian, you're up to date on the 87 discussion.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Again, I always hesitate to forecast specific orders. I will say that we're involved in more big orders now than we've been in a long time. I think last year was a big indicator for folks that big orders are out there. I think the United One is, in fact, indicative. But Delta earlier, there's just -- there are some big interests in aviation, I'd say, the majority now outside the U.S. as opposed to inside the U.S. And we're considering some big -- some really big things. And we're in the midst of all of those. So yes, I have a -- I'm pretty optimistic. I'm not going to forecast numbers because that's never healthy. But I do think over the next couple of quarters, you'll see some big decisions made to both manufacturers, and you'll see some new entrants into the aviation world that aim to make a real difference, and again, largely in the global markets.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Well, when you're in the midst of any one deal, it feels ruthless. But if you really do balance it out, and I guess I credit both manufacturers, it's been pretty disciplined through this whole COVID moment. And so, you see very few reaches and sort of crazy things that are out of the norm. And now we're in sort of that supply chain constrained world where people simply want to get positions so that they know they have airplanes when the time comes. Recessions don't seem to get in the way because remember, we're competing for deliveries out four and five years from now. So they're not really computing recession into that. So anyway, again, I feel good, and I also -- I'm going to guess that -- because it's always a guess that pricing will stay disciplined.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Look, I don't want to suggest that we don't have our own opportunities internally. We do, mostly driving cycle out and creating buffers in the right positions, et cetera, all things that you would attach to a company that really practices lean. So we will make improvements there. But the lion's share of the rate discussions is going to be built around the supply chain and the capacity, literally the capacity and capability of that supply chain to meet the new rates. And as I said, very transparent discussions. It's almost entirely built around labor availability, trained labor ability as we move through the course of the year. Hiring is not a constraint anymore. People are able to hire the people they need. It's all about the training and ultimately getting them getting them ready to do the sophisticated work that we demand.
Dave Calhoun: I'll take the last part of that to get that off the table. The provision to retrofit the fleet was taken in the fourth quarter. That's behind us. It was small. And there's a reason why it's small. But I just -- I hope everybody knows and understands how important it was to get those extensions in place in the legislation. The argument was purely a safety argument. Fortunately, we got a lot of support on both sides of the aisle, and we got it done. So this gives us all the flexibility we need to get these airplanes certified under the existing applications and we feel good about that. We think first flights for the 7 will be this year and probably for the 10 next year. So we like where that stands. Everybody's calm, the FAA, nobody ever put pencils down. So we're just going to progress. And like always, we're not going to tell you exact dates as to when we expect those certifications. So all feels good. And then yes, the legislation that was approved included some improvements that we put into our cockpit on the DASH 10 that everybody agrees are useful and helpful to pilots. And those largely software adjustments will be incorporated into the entire MAX fleet over several years. As Brian said, it's not a large number, but we provided for it, and we're confident we can meet those objectives provided the CERT and those improvements are accomplished here in the next year or two.
Dave Calhoun: No, I'm sorry. Everything is on course for the 777X. And I think the only issue that has created some concern over the last couple of years has been our agreement with the ASO and some of the design principles that we think we're making terrific progress with ASO. And I think we will have a coordinated regulatory approach to the set, and so we're staying on our targets.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, but only partially. And as of now, when you see the sort of the results of that effort, you can assume that will be on pause with respect to that until we get -- until we understand completely where China wants to go. So the answer is yes, and you'll see progress but you'll also see a pause so that we can discern what China wants to do. And hopefully, that's good news.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So Ron, I'm going to highlight three things that I think are going to contribute to a truly differentiated new product. One of them is the trust wing, so I'll refer to that now. As you know, that is technology that's been worked on for the better part of a decade alongside of NASA. And the program that we've embarked on here is how do you commercialize it? How do we put it through the right set of tests, et cetera, so that, in fact, can be incorporated into new airplanes? So there's real intent there to be able to do it.  I'm not sure it is going to be as good and/or applicable for middle of the market and/or a wide-body, but it will definitely have a role to play someday in the narrow-body world. So that's number one. Number two, you've heard us talk about the digital thread being able to create the digital model, not just for the airplane, but for the factory and for the servicing. But we are really cutting our teeth on a couple of defense programs that, frankly, we're learning a lot every day, all day, so that whatever we do on that next commercial airplane will incorporate the digital threat. And it will be way more mature than what it's been so far in our discrete defense programs. So anyway, I feel very good about that. And then the last major element has been the one that usually carried the day, but in this case, I think will simply contribute to a better day and that's propulsion technologies, bigger bypass ratios, and you probably know a trusting setup, trusting setup will create that opportunity to a far greater extent than today's wing simply because of the distance from the ground. So there are lots of reasons why I think these technologies can and will be proven and ultimately adapted. And when you're considering a 50-year kind of program for any new airplane, you have to think about this. And in our view, the objective has to be somewhere between 25% and 30% better than it is today. And that's what we're focused on. And I think we have the time to do it and the technologies to play out.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Ron, I want to be clear. We have had no trouble hiring people, none. We're sort of at or a little above where we were in the days you guys all remember because we've got so many of these rework apparatus going on, and there are a lot of people required to do it. So our job is to actually just take what we have, incorporate all the learning from the folks who are doing the rework that will displace whatever retirements and or demographic issues that we have over the next couple of years. We have a pretty good setup on labor and a pretty good mechanism ironically with these return to service aircraft and the joint verification, a pretty good mechanism to train mechanics, train our people to do the job. And on the engineering front, man, we've had a real good run hiring is over 10,000. Our job is to make sure that we just train them right, get them involved early and get on the life. So we are not facing a big demand. Our supply chain probably still is working the hiring a bit, but it's nowhere near as important as their -- the training of the people that they're bringing in. I've seen this thing really ease up in the last year, like really ease up. Tier 1s, I doubt any of them are really fighting for talent anymore. And underneath that, I think the supply chains are filling out. It's all about now that training and development.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So let me take this one. Let me address it at the portfolio level. In light of the difficulties we've had with the fixed-price development contracts, which I consider more of a contracting exposure as opposed to a portfolio exposure, I feel really good about the portfolio broadly, and there are reasons why I feel that way. We're fully invested, as you know, autonomy. I believe autonomy and teaming are going to be one of the real drivers with respect to airplane development, Air Force, Navy requirements going forward. And we're already invested and we're making real progress with both of those members of the fighting forces. And I'm sure you know the programs that we talk about. And there are others we can't talk about, which we're as excited, if not more excited about. So the long portfolio and the development that we've sustained over all these years, I feel really good about. We have the T7 trainer. It's way more important than just the market for trainers itself. Ultimately, we think it's -- it can be used as a derivative to do other things for the Air Force, and I'm sure you know what that's about. But maybe even more importantly, it's an absolute poster child for our digital thread. And it's teaching our customers how to think about the use of the digital thread, and it's teaching us how to perfect all the production technologies that we need to take full advantage of the digital trend. So if I look at our -- just our sort of our wing fleets, I feel very good about where we are. And as you point out, the F-15 -- the new derivatives boy, they are really important to our customers. We feel great about the future. It feels like a new platform, frankly, from my perspective, I'm not going to hand out the production rates at this stage, but we're feeling pretty good about the international demand as well as our U.S. demand. And you know, in light of the only other choices, this gets, frankly, more valuable over time until the really new classified work ultimately was completed and brought to the market. Anyway, I feel quite good about the portfolio. It's development where we stand in it. And I'm sorry, some of the contracting methods that we used in the early going here, but anyway, we are where we are. And I can't get off the page without talking about the tanker, which we all still believe very, very strongly and, again, difficult contracting moment for us. On the other hand, futility to the Air Force has been fantastic. The Vision system our commitment to it and then technologies beyond that allow for even autonomous refueling. These are things we're fully invested in, and we believe in the growth of the industry and the need with our customer. So anyway, there are other things, and you probably know a lot of that, but there's a reason to feel good, frankly, on the development front with respect to Boeing's defense business.
Dave Calhoun: Let me take a shot at the -- I'll talk cash margins, and let's start with the 787. So near term, they're pressured but positive, and we got to work through all the things that we've been describing. In long term, they're going to be higher than they were back in 2018, driven by productivity, pricing in the Dash 10 model. So the 87 feels like it's on the verge of doing some real special stuff over the long term. On the 37, near-term pressure because all the supply chain things we talked about, some customer mix things that we're going to battle through and possibly some impact to remarketing. And then long term, it's going to be more or less in line with what it was before and the benefit being the productivity and the rate ramp. So that's kind of how we think about those two programs over time from a cash perspective.
Brian West: And Peter, on the cash flow, the 3% to 5%, again, we feel very confident with that range. The key underpinnings will be the deliveries that we talked about, the 37 at the low end assumes that we don't get much better through the course of 2023 than we did this past year, which is low 30s for the whole year. At the high end, it actually says we do low 30s first half and then low 40s in second half. So I think that all of that is within the mix. As you recall, we had a big December. One caution is that December was kind of over 50% on the MAXs, but October was not quite that high, and that's an indication that we're still not stable, it's still bumpy, but we still feel good about the overall trajectory in terms of being able to hit the $400 million to $450 million. And on the 87 similarly, I feel good about where we landed and then we were headed to hit the 70% to 80%, which underpins pretty much most of the cash flow for BCA, those two product lines. And then BDS, no change to what we thought things playing out pretty much as we expected.
Brian West: Yes. So on the 87, so the fourth quarter was our first real full quarter in a while of being able to deliver airplanes, both still at a low rate and also from an inventory it feels pretty good. And as we go into 2023, remember, the scope of work is pretty clear what we have to do in terms of reworking the inventoried airplanes. But remember, our suppliers have a part of that responsibility in their scope. So, bringing the suppliers - the big suppliers along to make sure that they are conforming and they've got all the protocols in place to get that done on their end is something that we're working our way through. It's going to take us a little bit longer than originally expected, which is why we are going to shift out, going to five per month a bit later in the year but we still see 70 to 80 in the cards, and so far so good. What you'll likely see is some good liquidation of the inventory as we go through the year and then obviously ramp up the factory as we get deeper into the year. But net-net, the 70 to 80 we still feel good about.
Brian West: Sure. So, in terms of the first question, the 787 abnormal, there is no cash impact. Part of that is just because part of that is just fixed cost absorption, but there's no change in the cash outlook. It's not significant in that regard. So, we're holding on the defense margins. So, in the quarter, as I mentioned, we had some bump around from the supply chain constraints and some of the labor, not just in the fourth quarter, as well as some of the timing of accruals that I mentioned. As we move our way into 2023, we clearly expect those margins to get better. It's not going to be all the way back to what normal might look like, but it's going to be improved sequentially. And we feel pretty good about the lineup in terms of the product portfolio. And as we remind you is that the products are performing incredibly well with the customers. So, we feel good about the underlying basis. BDS margins will get better, and we're positioned for that as we head into the year.
Brian West: You're right on characterizing the delivery framework. And I would say that as we move through the course of the year and we'll have fewer inventoried airplanes, that will put a little bit more opportunity on units come out of the factory. So production rate at the right moment could get higher. We'll wait and see. We're just going to stick to the range for now. 
Brian West: Yes. On the deferred production balance, that's basically the 787 cost base extension that I mentioned has an impact on program margins, and that's amplified by all the finished goods inventory that's sitting there on the under airplanes. So that's driving the increase. And your last question, basically, it's impacted by customer mix and the impact of customer concessions and considerations.
Brian West: Yes, sure. On the BDS. So as you mentioned, long term, high single digits, is what we've talked about. But in the near term, the same kind of supply chain constraints and labor availability that we've talked about in the BCA world, impact the BDS role as well. So when the current environment is less constrained and stabilizes, that will be a benefit. We expect it to happen partly in 2023, but the key thing to watch is just the stability of the supply chain is going to be a big, big deal that we're keeping our eye on. And that's going to be important as margins will tend to accelerate. The time and the pace remains to be seen, but it will get better in 2023. On the services side, so we had a big year for the services business. It's going to have to -- and part of that was based on the commercial recovery, and we enjoyed the benefit of that in 2022. But BGS, in terms of their revenue, they finished the quarter at a pretty good spot pretty clean basis. And if you just kind of think about that as how you would extrapolate into 2023 by quarter gives you a pretty good view of where we see that growth coming for. So it will grow, margin will be just fine right within that mid-teen levels that we've enjoyed. So we feel pretty good about the prospects of the service business, very stable, continue to grow, no surprises.
Brian West: Really -- Sheila, you really have to get through calendar year '24. And then a lot of the cloud, a lot of the things that we've been wrestling with, the things that impact the -- our margins and the lumpiness along the way, that all begins to clear as we get to the tail end of '24. And as we think about '25 and on, I think that clarity will be apparent to everybody.
