Dennis A. Muilenburg: Thank you, Greg. With the strong first half behind us we remain focused on disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvements, and meeting customer commitments. Our priorities going forward are clear and consistent. The profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production, delivering on our development programs, with an emphasis on tanker execution and our new commercial product line, driving productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation, talent and technology, continuing to strengthen our Defense and Space business, and importantly, providing increasing value to both our customers and our shareholders. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, and that'll continue to be a priority. And, Carter, to your broader higher level question, it's frankly been a privilege for me to work side-by-side with Jim for about the last year and a half, with him and the rest of the team, Greg, Ray and the whole Boeing team. So I've got a lot of confidence in the foundation that we've put in place. And as we noted, today we have a very strong company. We're well-positioned in our markets. We have a strong financial foundation. We've got the right productivity machine in place. We've got the right strategy in place. So the theme you'll be hearing from me and the team is one of strategic consistency. We like the path we're on, the direction we're headed. There are a few areas where we've continued to hone our strategy, sharpen it and accelerate our actions. I think if I look at big opportunities and at risks, certainly going forward, our opportunity to execute on our commercial aircraft backlog and to do that profitably, and return cash to shareholders and fund our future innovation, that is the single biggest opportunity we have. Having seven years of backlog and the opportunity to execute that well, that will be a clear focus for us. On the risks side, certainly, we want to continue to pay attention to delivering on our development programs. We're seeing steady improvement overall in terms of our ability to deliver on cost and schedule. I think tanker is a good reminder to us to continue to hone that effort. But we are on the right path to continue to deliver innovation to the marketplace, and to do it in a repeatable, financially disciplined way. And if I look out a little farther beyond that as we think about how we're going to invest that capital, as you noted, our cash opportunity in terms of executing our backlog also creates opportunity to invest in future innovation. And successfully bringing those new commercial aircraft to the marketplace is very important to us with the MAX, 787-10 and the 777X, and we feel very confident in all of those development activities. We're also investing in a few future franchises on the Defense side, including long-range strike, again, good solid opportunities for us. And if we look at uses of cash, going forward, our number one priority remains at disciplined investment and innovation for the future. Secondly, returning cash to shareholders, as you've seen through both the stock repurchase and through dividends. And then thirdly, where it makes sense, bolt-on acquisitions, but our fundamental investment priority for the future is in organic investment machine. We have a very strong position here, and we plan to leverage that.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And Howard, on your question regarding tanker. That's one of the reasons that we're investing now during the development program to refine the production system and ensure we're ready to ramp into the low rate initial production. There was priced options that you mentioned are part of the low rate initial production program. And I think as you're aware, we've already got the first two aircraft loaded into the production line system in our commercial factory in Everett. And our ability to integrate that into the full commercial line is one of the big ways that we've reduced risk on the program overall. And some of the charge that we've taken in this quarter is the fact that we are having to retro-fit a couple of those early aircraft that are in early build stages. But that allows us to get into a mature position now, so again we have high confidence in the production program. We've got Ray and our BCA team very much engaged on ensuring we're doing the right things now to drive profitability in the production system for the long run. So we'll complete that work here during the development phase. We're confident that as we get into low rate initial production and then full production, this program will have a lot of financial value both for the company and for our shareholders.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Sam, just to add on to Greg's point here, I think this just represents fundamentally how we're driving the business. This is part of our core operating engine, our focus on disciplined cash management, all of the levers that are inside the business. We are committed to that for the long run, and I think that's reflected in the guidance that you see and our confidence for long-term year-over-year cash growth.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And George, on the 767 side, we'll treat future rate considerations like we do in all of our production lines. It's a very disciplined evaluation process. As you said, we've already planned to go up from 1.5 a month to two a month next year. That'll position us well for the tanker production program, as I noted earlier. The fact that we see the order strength here, especially with the FedEx order just announced yesterday. By the way, that 50 plus 50 is the largest single order in the history of the 767 program. So that gives you some sense of the strength and longevity of that line. As we look at future demand, we get into full rate production on the tanker program. We have a lot of confidence in that mature 767 production line. And any changes that we might consider beyond two a month, again, we'll go through that normal, very financially disciplined assessment. Right now, we're very focused on just ramping up successfully to two a month. That will position us for what we need to do for both tanker and our FedEx customer, and we'll use our disciplined process beyond that.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Myles, our outlook on book-to-bill hasn't changed. We still anticipate roughly a book-to-bill of one by year-end. Obviously, timing plays into that, but we're continuing to see strong fundamental order strength. We're pleased with the amount of activity we saw in and around the Paris Air Show. We're continuing to see interest in both narrow-bodies and wide-bodies. And the fundamental marketplace still looks strong. Traffic growth trends are good. Cargo is returning a bit, and we're waiting to see that play out in terms of demand. Replacement value continues to be attractive to our customers. And we're not seeing any changes in the demand cycle or signals in the marketplace. So steady as she goes on our book-to-bill expectations.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Seth, I'll just reinforce that, this is fundamentally how we are doing business and how we'll continue to do it. We understand the linkage between that productivity machine, cash machine and our ability to return value to shareholders and invest for the future. So it's fundamental to our business model, and we remain committed to it.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, I'll just add on, Jon, to the second part of your question. The key here is the work to go is well understood. There's no technology or invention that has to be accomplished. As Jim said, this is the nature of what came out of some final ground and flight testing on certifying the integrated fuel system. This is the last major system to be qualified under the development program. So while we're disappointed in the charge, it reflects the ripple effect that is the last system. As a result there's no retrofit into the aircraft that are in the line already. That said we have our arms around this. We understand the work that has to be done. We have found a way to execute that work and keep the program on schedule for our customer, and we're confident that we're going to do that. So now, it's about executing the work ahead of us and delivering those first 18 tankers by 2017. And part of the message here is, we have invested in system integration labs that did allow us to find some of these issues now rather than later in flight tests. And while disappointed in taking the charge now, we're doing the right thing and we remain committed to meeting our customers' schedule.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Al, I'll talk about it a bit here. Just to give you prospective, as we're rounding out our first century here we do have a great company. It's the leader in aerospace today. And the advancement that the company's made over the last 10 years under Jim's leadership has been very significant. And we do have a very strong market position today. We've created the right strategy. Jim, Ray, Greg, myself, the whole team, we've been deeply involved in that strategy. So it's something we understand and we're committed to. It is a big bold strategy, one that is a growing business strategy. We've invested in our Commercial Airplane product line for the future. You can see that reflected in our backlog, and you can see it reflected in the new innovation that we're bringing to the market. So I would offer that that reflects a bold vision for the future, and one that will grow and allow our company to beat the competition. We continue to look for opportunities to invest in the future on the Defense and Space side of our business as well. And you can see the number of newer products that we've brought to the market there. So we do plan to continue a path of strategic consistency, but as I said we also sharpen and accelerate where we need to. And I think this is about taking a company that's very good today and making it even better. And fundamental to business, for 100 years we've led with innovation, disciplined innovation. And that's part of how we'll continue forward. Innovation is fundamental to our mission as a company. And bringing disciplined innovation to the market for long-term growth continues to be our strategy.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Dominic, let me take that one. Yeah, in addition to what we announced previously, these intermediate program level milestones about exact flight dates and sequencing of flight tests, those are things that we will, with the customer, refine to allow us to most efficiently complete the program. As we said, we still plan to fly the first full-up tanker which is aircraft number two later this summer. We remain on track to do that. We have re-sequenced some of the downstream flight test phasing, again in the name of efficiency. All of that has been done to hold the delivery schedule at the end. And if, as you talked to our Air Force customer, the most important thing to them is for us to deliver those first 18 aircraft by 2017. We remain resolute and committed to meeting that schedule. Incorporating the latest learnings on the integrated fuel system. We've rolled that into our planning. And while we may move some of these intermediate program level milestones, we remain committed to the overarching milestone of delivering on our customer commitment. And that's all part of what we've announced with the 2Q charge.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Hey, Steve. First of all, I think it's important to emphasize the fact that we understand how important our people are to our business. We invest in our people. I have a great deal of respect for our team and the work they do every day, building the best airplanes in the world. I think, as you may know, I had a chance to start with Boeing about 30 years ago in Puget Sound. So I have a very deep appreciation for our workforce there as well. And during the first couple of weeks in my new role here, I've had the chance to get out on the factory floor as well and continue the dialogue with our team. So this idea of mutual respect and partnership and investing in our people is very important to me and will continue to be important. We know this is a long-term business that demands those kind of good partnerships and relationships, and I expect to emphasize that going forward. As far as Charleston goes, we're equally pleased with the progress we're seeing there. Our team there is performing and performing well. Our business in Charleston is growing as a result. We're looking forward to the 787-10 being built there. And the investments we've made in Charleston are reflective of the quality of our workforce there. And we treat that management to workforce relationship as very important, and we'll continue to invest in that relationship as well. And going back to Puget Sound, I think you can also see the fact we're investing there for future. Our new composite wing factory in Everett, I think is a good example. So the employee relationships are important, investing in our people is important, and our ability to do work at multiple sites is important.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, sure. We had good performance across the board on margins, Carter. We had a little bit of impact on escalation on the commercial programs, but overall I'd say, across the board and you saw it in the results today, good performance across all areas of the portfolio. Having said that, there's a lot of productivity initiatives still in place, and that continues to be a big focus for the teams on all production and our services business. So we've still got some things to do that we want to try to capture going forward.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I mean, to answer your first question, Doug, no change on the outlook for 787 cash, so we do expect that to be positive later this year, and the team's tracking well to that. On 787-9, I mean, certainly as I indicated, the team has done a very nice job coming down that learning curve. If you think about the numbers, I talked to you about 30% over 34 deliveries. It gives you really good sense of how well that's being incorporated. But you remember, we made some investments upfront to ensure we had that smooth introduction. At the same time, lessons learned after 787-8 and getting those into 787-9, so the producibility of the 787-9 has definitely improved. So over time, that favorable mix will work in our favor. I think I've mentioned that half of our deliveries this year will be 787-9s. And I would tell you, just from my time at the company, that is the smoothest introduction of a derivative on top of the all-time high production rate on a wide-body program. So again, I think there's more opportunity for us going forward. We got the enterprise focused on that, and whether that's on the shop floor, support or across the supply chain that remains a top priority for us. So made good progress. But as you know, we still got a lot of work to do going forward. But I think we got the right people focused. We got a lot of projects. We're working our way through, and ultimately, you got to get those projects to hit the production system. And that's what we're trying to do. Get those matured, get them implemented, implement them in a fashion where you don't disrupt the production system and capture the benefit as the result of that.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I mean, I think as we get into next year and we'll have – keep coming down that learning curve, we'll see higher levels of profitability on the 787-9.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah. Slightly, Howard, as I said, we had some little bit of additional escalation with oil deteriorating slightly. But again just on those particular production but very, very slight. And again good solid performance I'd say across the board, and you're seeing that in the margins, both the BDS and BCA.
Gregory D. Smith: I'd say, Sam, it really was across the operations. It's not tax related. It's just purely operational performance. Both BDS and BCA that is, A, drove the solid performance in the quarter, so not timing, just pure core performance. And that's what's going to offset the impact on tanker through the balance of the year. And we're going to obviously continue to focus on being efficient on all uses of working capital.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, there's no fundamental changes to how we handle advances in our contracts. I think as I've said to you before, as you think about just purely the production rate increases that are going to take place over time, and how that advanced stream is completely associated with that, you're going to continue to see advances grow going forward as we increase production rates and then ultimately increase deliveries, so that profile will continue. Now, it won't be at the same growth rate that it's been because we don't have 18 rate breaks in front of us that we've just completed. We've got about five. So you'll still see a healthy increase in advances going forward. And then ultimately, as you know, the bulk of the cash coming on delivery, so that's where you'll see it coming from. In the quarter, that is core cash. That is just pure core cash performance across the business. It's not timing. It's not driven by some advances from one quarter to the next, and it's purely associated with performance across, again, multiple programs in the portfolio.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, I mean – look, you've got two sides of the business, obviously. You got BDS, where you've got milestone payments associated with major contracts, as I've talked about. Those vary quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, dramatically. And then the advances are just purely the growth. So if you think about the backlog, and as you take that order and as you get closer to that airplane delivering, you're getting advances associated with that. I mean that's fundamental, but, again, think about the backlog we have today, and then think about delivering on that backlog. There's a complete correlation to cash flow. And so I'd say, no fundamental change in that model as you look back, or frankly, as you look forward.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, on the deferred, Howard (sic) [George], you're right. I mean, certainly mix comes into play here. But as I said to you, I mean, we're focused on unit cost performance. So unit-by-unit, are we improving? What are the opportunities? How do we capture those opportunities? And as I said, the 787-8, down 35% over the last – over 200 deliveries, and 787-9 down 30%. So to your point, mix comes into play here. But we only have 34 787-9s delivered. So as 787-9 becomes more of that portfolio on the deliveries, and we continue to come down that learning curve, we'll see more benefit as associated with that.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, the inventory is driven by C-17. It's been the other category there, Myles. So it's the liquidation on the C-17s as we firmed up those contracts and got advances associated with that. That moves into that category of long-term contracts in progress. So you'll see that shift there.
Gregory D. Smith: So the key thing there on the bridge, two things, Myles. One is building the 777 order book, and we're pleased with the progress this year. As we said, we needed to achieve about 40 to 60 orders a year to build that bridge, and we're at 44 firm and commitments so far this year. So continuing to see strong demand signals there. 2016 is essentially sold-out now; 2017, more than half sold-out, so progress there. We're beginning to fill the 2018 pipeline well also. Several campaigns still underway. So our ability to build the bridge one, we continue to be confident there. In terms of the transition, this is where we'll be feathering in the new production system. As you know, that'll start hitting the production system around the 2018 timeframe in terms of long-lead implementation for 2020 deliveries on the 777X. So specific decisions around that will be more in the next year timeframe. But to the key thing we're doing now is de-risking that transition by pulling some of the technology and some of the automation forward into the 777 line, things like the Fuselage Upright Build, for example, and that's allowing us to de-risk the production system. And we'll continue to look for ways to make sure that feathering in is done most effectively and efficiently. We know how to do this. We've built bridges on our other production lines. We're doing the same thing on the NG to MAX transition in the 737 line. So we know how to do these transitions with discipline. And we'll make sure it's done as efficiently as we can. We'll get more into details as we get into next year.
Gregory D. Smith: Thanks, Cai. On deliveries certainly we expect the back half to be healthy on 787 deliveries. But as you know quarter-to-quarter, Cai, just purely from customer ability to take the aircraft, I mean that moves around a little bit. But we're comfortable about where we are on our guide. If we have the opportunity to change that, we'll do that. But I'd say, we're well on track to hit that our objective on about 120. So I think we're in pretty good shape there. But again the back half will be important for us. On Q3 cash, I mean, as you know Cai, again, there's a lot of moving pieces in here. But we expect solid performance. We do have some milestone payments and progress payments that will come in in 3Q as well. So we're tracking those, and trying to capture those in the third quarter. But again, a lot of moving pieces quarter-to-quarter. We're comfortable about where we are now with our guidance. And we'll see where we end up at the end of Q3 and go from there.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I mean, just as you think about the cash flow going forward, our comments about going into next year, year-over-year growth and continued growth beyond assumes what you described as a transition on the 777 to 777X timeframe. That's like 2018, 2019 timeframe, as Dennis indicated. Now, we step back, keep in mind, during that timeframe, we've got the 787 going up in rate, and as well as, obviously, we got to continue down this learning curve on 787. But if you think about out into that timeframe, we should be in a lot better shape on that program as well. So there is more offsets than any short-term, I'd say, impact as related to this transition on 777 to 777X. Now, obviously, that is a key franchise for us. So having that short-term transition period is very minimal considering the benefit that program, both of those programs bring to bottom line of The Boeing Company.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, no, I think there's mix involved, and continued productivity in our operations combined with some pricing step downs out of the supply chain. So it's really a combination of things, David. At the same time, we're continuing to make those investments I talked to you about on improving the overall reliability, and improving the long-term productivity and profitability of the program. So a lot of moving pieces in there, but all of those, fundamentally, have an impact in that step down going forward. We've got good plans in place in order to do that, so the team's focused on capturing those and coming down the curve.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, That's already been incorporated, so there's no forward losses associated with that. Again, I think that is just, again, a focus on productivity inside and outside the complete supply chain in order to offset any of that pressure as a result of that rate coming down. The team was able to do that and hold the program profitability through that rate transition.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, Seth, I guess I would just put it in the category of day-to-day business, just day-to-day business, solid execution across the board. I wouldn't differentiate that any different than trying to drive productivity in the factory or getting additional flow time. It's all key measures on our programs and objectives that we have and opportunities we're trying to capture. So again, it remains just a key element of how we're running the business.
