W. James McNerney, Jr.: Thank you, Greg. With three strong quarters behind us we remain committed to the goals we initially set for 2013. This includes the continued conversion of our record backlog into deliveries through strong core operating performance that allows us to return cash to shareholders while investing wisely in our products, technologies and people to sustain our growth and competitiveness. Our priorities going forward remain clear. The profitable ramp up in production on our commercial airplane programs executing on our Commercial and Defense development programs, driving productivity and affordability throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen and reposition our Defense business with investments in growth areas amid further international expansion and importantly providing increasing value to both our customers and our shareholders. With that said, we’d now be happy to take your questions.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: I'll let Greg answer the costs but I'll answer all the rest. Yes, I mean we are seeing improvement. I mentioned the fleet average of 97% or so dispatch reliability, but while we are seeing improvement we're not pleased yet. Number one, we want to go higher and number two, we still have some customers that aren't at that level. And so we're worried about them. We know that we have a lot to do to help them improve and it's on us to help them improve. So to your point we're putting people, we're putting spares, we're doing some engineering changes at the component level to increase reliability. We've addressed some software issues. Software false messaging is roughly a third of the issue here and that is frustrating for us and very frustrating for our customers. So there's some software as well as hardware component issues and it's an all hands on deck customer by customer working very closely with our customers to drive the fleet average even higher but more importantly to get those customers who are below the average up to the average and higher. So we want to get everybody higher and it's a big effort. But when you add it all up, steady improvement. And then costs, it will go away I think …
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, Doug, I think this program does have potential to increase our margins. And leverage comes in a lot of different ways. The biggest way is joint success. I think as long as we do our job which is to build and design the right airplanes and market them effectively and our winning in the marketplace which is what we're trying to do in each and every campaign and if our suppliers have faith in that, which is really fundamental here, then the tactics of coming in-house with something or switching suppliers if someone doesn't want to work with us, the tactics become less important. There's plenty of work to re-compete with all these new models, Doug, so those tactics are available to us. But I think a lot of them see the increased business we can do together if we – if they drive as hard on productivity and cost reduction as we are. I mean we are trying to lead by example here. The flow time reductions we've had in our factories, the hours per unit, the productivity per whatever are increasing significantly on all of our programs. It is a major priority for us. Market-based affordability within the Defense business is a superstar example of dealing with a very, very difficult situation and we're absolutely committed to that. We're just asking our suppliers to work with us on the same basis. And by the way I made the point in my remarks that we're still in early days but I'd say the majority of our suppliers are working with us. They see this big opportunity if we can get the product right and the cost right in a more for less world.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: I think it will be – our margins in the future will be a lot better than they would have been if we hadn't embarked on this program, let's start with that. Now a more for less world is going to demand increasingly lower prices from us. So exactly how does economic gain gets used to make us more competitive in the marketplace whether it's – I doubt whether it would be all margins or all price, but I feel confident and it's our objective to have the best margins of – and for our suppliers to have the best margins of anyone in the marketplace. Now whether we can achieve that objective remains to be seen, but that's the objective we have in front of us.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I mean it's early innings whether it's the second inning or the third inning, I can't tell you and we'll play extra innings if we have to just to keep it in perspective. Listen, I think the margin improvement is not just on the 787 although obviously that is where a lot of our effort is focused. But this effort is focused on every program we have in the company, on every service we have in the company. It's focused on non-production procurement. In other words the $12 billion or $13 billion of stuff we buy that doesn’t go into our product’s that goes into G&A budgets some place, there’s a huge opportunity there. So, I think this is -- the point would be across the board. The point will be second or third inning. I think also the point would be where it's already beginning to impact some 787 costs as well as those in other programs, but we still have a long way to go here. And so declaring any form of victory at this stage would not be appropriate. I think displaying to you confidence that we’re off to a good start is appropriate and that’s the way we feel and that’s what we’re seeing.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yes, okay. We are mindful of the lifecycle costs and revenues associated with decisions we make on these programs and I think you're right on both the 737 MAX and the 777-X. We are thinking harder about that issue and leaning forward more than perhaps we did on the 787 to use your characterization, some hooks and handles. And we're doing that primarily to serve our customers better. I think more integrated solutions either at the technical level or at the commercial level which would be GoldCare which I'll get to in a second are increasingly in demand by our customers. So we're trying to respond to that. GoldCare, we're off to a start with GoldCare. We have a number of our customers that we now have on the program and others we're in discussions with. And we're trying to be sure to execute well with GoldCare. So we're going one customer at a time as they need it. We're trying to keep our feet underneath with the partners associated with us at GoldCare as well as our own technology, but I characterize it as off to a good start.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yes. I didn't comment on the kinds of information-based technology and other technology that we want to invest in, in concert with the kind of spares volume that your question more alluded to. I think when you combine that with the increased investment in technical solutions for our customers that are more helping them operate the planes in real-time more efficiently, I think the combination of those two over the long term will have us growing at at least the rate of our base business and hopefully more.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, let me answer that while you take a look at the numbers. I think obviously I'll use our customers' words, which is that they have great confidence in both the design review we recently had with them over the summer and the follow-on review that we had and I feel exactly the same way. I think we're in good shape with configuration and design. I think like in all programs, when you get into the detailed design of a couple of the systems, there's still some issues to wrestle it through. I would characterize that as highly normal. I would not characterize it as abnormal. And I think the real risk if I were looking at this from your perspective, the real risk now shifts from design to production and the integration associated with production. And as I mentioned, we've got the first three airplanes in work and we will see early any issues that are associated with production and integration. So I think we're – or think you compare this to many other programs, this one is in very good shape.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Sure. I think the – I don't want to speak for our customer, but I think it's fair to say that our Pentagon customer would also like more clarity. I mean I think we are in daily discussions with them about requirements associated with our technology and others and I think until the whole budget situation clarifies and I think the Pentagon is not clear either on exactly how that's going to sort out and that's because it is largely in the hands of the legislature right now, I think it's unclear but I am confident that given a reasonable solution to the budget environment that the technology we've got will continue to be in demand. Now, could there be a draconian budget outcome that impacts Boeing and many others by the way? I don't think it would disproportionately impact Boeing. But that is – you've seen the Perils of Pauline in Washington, so there could be an outcome that is much more difficult. But I think reasonable outcomes that the pundits [ph] predict would suggest continued demand for most of our products.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think the fact that commercial is growing faster than BDS right now is a good thing. I mean, it reflects that our strategy of diverse market positions in both the commercial, defense and space arenas are underpinned by technical, geographic and other kinds of synergies across all of the businesses. It says that it’s working. I mean, I think, I’m less concerned about commercial growing too fast. And so I think the basis of synergies, which is what makes the business model work is still intact even if one side for an extended period of time grows a lot faster than the other side. It was only eight years ago, that the Defense, Space & Security side of our business was growing much faster than the commercial side now is getting questions the other way. So I mean its -- I don’t think we’re anywhere near the point where I think the business model is called into question.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yes. I mean, I think we’re a company that has and continues to rely on organic growth or its long-term sustainment, which is not to say that we don’t entertain acquisitions from time-to-time. We’ve made a number of small ones in the services area and in the vertical areas in our defense business that we called out as needing some supplementation and you will continue to see that. But I think the answer to our future more lies in our ability to grow ourselves than anything else and fortunately we’ve a broad enough business model as was surfaced in the last question that when parts of our business are flat or down, other parts of our business are growing and that’s by design.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yes. I mean, I think yes we’re working very closely with our partners as we take up rate. And I think we probably would not announce that we are taking up rate unless we had a high degree of confidence that our business arrangements would be at least as good with them as they are now. And quite frankly, we’ve a lot of growth to offer them. I mean -- and so as I mentioned earlier that’s the basis of the partnering for success program and that is the success of Boeing products and services. So it’s not that we are jamming something down their throats, it’s that we are offering them growth and together we should search for productivity to take advantage of that growth. That’s the spirit with which we’re approaching our partners. And so I think that -- gets at the spirit of your question.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well as to JAL I will answer that one first and you can answer the numbers question. I think obviously that’s a campaign that we did not want to lose. We’ve fought hard, Airbus fought hard. I can’t speak for them -- for JAL and why they choose the other airplane knowing the JAL folks, I’m sure the reasons were good ones. This is a customer that we’ve served for many, many years and we will continue to serve for many, many more. I think we’ll take this as a sign to re-double our efforts. I’d note during the time of this loss that we made some major progress in Europe with Lufthansa with the 777X, which in the minds of some is an analogous situation, but back to JAL we’ll take it as a sign to do better and work harder with one of our great customers.
Greg Smith: Okay, yeah, sounds good. So on the higher deferred balances I mentioned that the increase you’re seeing there is really the additional flow time as you bring in the -10 as well as learning associated with that, and then as well as investments that we’re making to further optimize the production system and improve the flow and obviously improve the long-term profitability. So just a couple of examples there. In Charleston our [inaudible] facility you see we reconfigured the entire flow there or we’re in the middle of doing that and that will again drive profitability, increase flow and allow us to get to these higher rates in a much more efficient manner.  On the final line in Everett same thing we added another line or sorry a position within the line where we’re doing the wing body joint earlier in the process and this is through experience after 134 airplanes, the teams are really coming up with better ideas or improvements on how to increase flow and that’s going to require some upfront investment but obviously in the units to come after we’ll see that improvement again in flow and productivity. So that’s kind of what you’re seeing in the increase in the near-term deferred production. The burn off is just what you said, is really driven by the improvement in adding the – certainly adding in the 787-10, the rate on the 12 and the 14 and that's what's allowing us to burn that off at a faster pace on the backend.
Greg Smith: Yes, things that changed in the block we added in the 200 units. Obviously the 787-10 coming in there as well as the investments to build the 787-10 are also included in that. And then net-net that was an improvement in the overall gross margin of the program.
Greg Smith: Yes, Howard. I think when you look at the fleet support associated with this and going into next year, we kind of see it a little bit flattish. We'll have more customers obviously introduced on the 787 and we'll continue to just provide the support at the levels that Jim just described. Having said that we'll offset some of that with some of the other areas of fleet support. So net-net as I see it today it's kind of flattish going into next year but something we'll obviously remain very focused on and as I said trying to offset some of the maybe increases we may have on 87 with some of the other programs across the board.
Greg Smith: Yes, I mean I'll tell you that obviously extending this block, as I said earlier, did improve the overall gross margin. We're still at very low single digit and we're looking to drive that. It's obviously continued making progress internally on productivity but obviously a big priority of Partnering for Success is 787. So we're working our way through that and trying to drive that gross margin up even higher. But net-net, we included the investments to the 787-10 and with the extension ended up in a net-net improvement overall in gross margin.
Greg Smith: I think what you’re going to see Rob is you’re just going to see kind of this coming gradually over time as we work our way through these with some of our suppliers. As Jim, noted some of these may take a little bit longer, but that’s really working along with that supplier and finding an ultimate solution for both of us that provide the profitability or the tarp meeting our target objectives that we laid out for them at the same time allowing them to become more efficient. So that maybe that you wanting to build a few more units and come down the learning curve and thus work with them. So, I think you’re just going to see it gradually come in. You’ve seen some of that benefit in the results today particularly on some of the defense programs and around 737 and 777, so this is kind of gradual as we go through each one of these but we’ve got a good cadence and pace and we just had the Top 20 in here again a couple of weeks ago and continuing to work through the operating rhythm and it's all about us working together to become more efficient and more effective on all of our programs within the supply chain and obviously at the core here. So, we’re continuing to march along and I think you’ll see that again over time.
Greg Smith: Okay, let me answer your last question first. You’re right, it's absolutely important and it's something that we’re very focused on. As I said on a day-to-day basis model-by-model we track our performance against what we have in our plan. But when you look at an aggregate level as you know now with the mix of -9 in there, investments for -10 is one. When you’re looking at deferred per unit it's not an accurate depiction and it was when you were just building -8. So as far as looking from the outside in, again we’re going to continue to give you some clarity on where we’re making operational improvements on the program that’s ultimately effective for production and overall performance of the program. Certainly deliveries, watching our deliveries and we give you a good guidance on that, our rate breaks. And then as well as flow timing unit cost projection and that in combination again that really ends up driving that deferred. So that’s kind of what we’ll continue to do Joe and I think those are very good solid indicators of progress. On partnering for success the short answer is yes. I mean you’ve seen on the 737 and 777 in particular improvements brought into those as we increase the profitability in there or offset some initial pricing on MAX or end of line NG’s that’s being offset by partnering for success, that was our objective. But as Jim said, we’re still in the second or third innings. So we got still a long way to go. But you are starting to see progress there and again I think you’ll see that over time as we make progress with each one of our suppliers by program.
Greg Smith: Yeah, we’re certainly getting rate to ‘12 is the big part of that investment as well as the optimization in some of the other areas of the factory I talked about. That’s certainly a bigger element of it and then as it goes further on that’s where you’ll start to see -10. But as we’re looking at rate going to ‘12 we’re obviously making investments for ‘14 at the same time. So we’re trying to be very efficient with our resources inside and with the supply chain to make sure we’re making the right strategic investments on the program and make sure we’re fully utilizing our resources as we build our way into ‘10. So if there’s opportunities to minimize some of that investment going from ‘12 to ‘14 we’re going to do that. So we’re pretty active obviously internally and working with our suppliers. And then again you’re going to see the deferred coming down at, I’d say a steeper decline than you would have prior and that’s all driven by the higher deliveries and improved unit cost in the outer years.
Greg Smith: Yeah, I think what you’ll see in the fourth quarter is we are expecting R&D to tick up a little bit there along around 737 MAX and some supplier payments that you didn’t see in the third quarter. Obviously on a margin basis we’ll have to do more dilution on the deliveries and then some higher period expense really driven by investments in some productivity tools for us to become more efficient near term and long-term, and then a little bit more on the fleet support side as we have more airplanes and new customers going into service will ensure that we’ve got the right amount of people and parts and components in place to focus on the reliability that Jim talked about earlier, but that’s primarily what's driving that, but we’re going to continue to obviously manage those costs very tightly as we move into the fourth quarter, but that’s what we’re seeing as I sit here today.Robert Stallard – RBC Capital Markets: We’re going to need one off positives in the third quarter that won't be repeating themselves.
Greg Smith: Yeah, it's kind of tied to the 12 per month, so we kind of hit around 25 in kind of '15 timeframe and then we kind of moderate. And then as we get to 12 a month is when you start to see that come down and that's in 2016.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. Well, as you know, we were out of the market in the first quarter so we got back in, in the second quarter and third quarter. So year-to-date at that 1.8 and we're going to continue to execute our balance cash deployment strategy as we continue to perform and reach our milestones in the company. So you'll continue to see us make progress in that area going forward.
Greg Smith: We'll give you more clarity next year as we close out the fourth quarter on the fourth quarter call. But it's a big priority for us and we're staying focused on deploying cash to shareholders.
Greg Smith: Yes. That's exactly it. It will start to – it will moderate and then start to come down in late '15, early '16 really driven by the higher production rates.
Greg Smith: On the share repurchase obviously this deploying our cash is a top priority for us in returning cash to shareholders and we are -- as you think about us going forward, we're going to continue to have a balanced approach. And as we continue to perform and reduce risk, we are going to continue to deploy our cash accordingly. Plus or minus on an annual basis, we kind of targeted 80% of our free cash flow returning to shareholders and I think that's probably a good barometer to think about as you look at us executing on our cash flow going forward.
