W. James McNerney, Jr.: Thanks, Greg. With a strong first half behind us and a successful launch of the 787-10, we remain committed to the goals we initially set for 2013. They include continued conversion of our record backlog into deliveries through strong core operating performance that allows us to return cash to shareholders while investing wisely in our products, technologies and people to sustain our growth and competitiveness. Our priorities going forward remain clear. The profitable ramp up in production of our commercial airplane programs executing on our commercial and Defense development programs, driving productivity, affordability and safety throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen and reposition our Defense business with investments in growth areas amid further international expansion, and importantly providing increasing value to both our customers and our shareholders as we do it. Now we would be glad to take any questions you might have.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, don’t forget you got increased deliveries as well. So the increased deliveries are helped offsetting the growth as we build-up for rate further in the year.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, to answer you first question Doug. It’s just back to basics on improving productivity across the operation and as you know on the 737, they have continued to come up with ways to do that, whether it’s the horizontal wing line or other opportunities within the final assembly area, and then partnering for success and working for with the supply chain. So all of that in combination really kind of helping us navigate through those early blocks on the MAX and later blocks or later airplanes on the NGs, and that’s going to be the focus going forward. And again it ducktails rate into the partnering for success, and the goals that we established internally on year-over-year productivity gains working lean plus and working flow time quality et cetera, but the program is obviously performing very well as it stabilize at 38 a month, we’re at record low shortages and the core operating metrics are performing extremely well at those levels and getting ready to go to 42. So overall, it’s just very solid disciplined focus on productivity on all aspects of cost.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, I will answer the second part first, it’s a good question. I think you’re right, the upside we’ve seen this year is for two reasons one: we’ve gotten after our cost very aggressively and very early, our market based affordability initiatives, the Dennis has been driving over the last couple of years, and secondly, mixing up on international orders which our company is in many ways uniquely positioned to do, given our global footprint, which is a shared enterprise effort between our Defense and Commercial business. And so – but I think we’ve seen some impact of sequestration, but we have not begun to see most of it yet. And so we remain cautious, we think there is more to come on sequestration, more than we’ve seen so far, we are prepared for it margin wise anticipating some pretty draconian kinds of scenarios and we are not out of the woods at all, we are just entering the woods.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah. Well, Sam as I think I mentioned before, think of our deployment this year is really be in the start. As we’ve de-risked the company and executed to our production rates, navigating through the challenging BOD environment. We’ve started to execute the deployment plans at the repurchase of dividend. So I would view that as a start. It’s certainly something that we’re continuing to monitor and look at going forward as we continue to make progress at BCA making our rate breaks and executing in Defense. So the 80% is plus or minus it's going to vary over time and we’re going to continue to look at that as we have on a very active basis and deploy our cash going forward in a balanced fashion as we've described with certainly returning cash to shareholders being a big priority for us. So I would say stay tuned, we’re going to continue to execute, we’re going to continue to focus on deploying and as we make progress throughout the year, we'll make adjustments accordingly.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, it depends on how the orders progress, that they progressed as they have I see it later this year.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think the spirit in which I made that comment was we will get the 42 next year. We will go through a transition of NGs to MAXs during a period, not soon thereafter that. And I think at that stage that most likely and I don’t want to – I don’t want to offer guidance here, I mean I’m just saying that is we’re assessing market demand, we’re seeing sometime around then or after then pressure possibly as the world economy holds in all the rest of the variants are in place to go higher. And we can do that – rate breaks are never easy, but we see a clear path execution there. I mean we are assessing the scenarios right now how and where we would do that.Ronald Epstein – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay and just a natural follow-on.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Sure, I think it’s a mistake, to only think about market share, when you think about this business. I think because of what you’ve alluded to, you either can take too much risk, if you’re reaching too high or if you go too low, you can get off a learning curve relative to your competition. So the way to think about market share is there is a corridor you want to be in and then within that corridor, you want to have a better product produced at a lower cost, and so operating margins become the metric and cash flow becomes the metric. So think about market share as a corridor you want to be in, after that it’s all about operating performance.Ronald Epstein – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah I think John; I think it will be seen over time. What’s you’re hearing probably is our increased engagement and our sustained engagement. And the proposition here is Boeing as the aerospace leader if you work with us, there is a chance to increase volumes significantly, while helping us work flow, cash and margins. And I think lots of folks are engaging constructively, there are some, that are more hesitant and it will take time for us to workout business equations that makes sense for both of us. But we are determined and committed and the reason we are, is that we are facing a more for less world in our own markets. We talk about sequestration, we talk about Europe, you talk about the expectations of our commercial airline customers as they compete aggressively with one another and is that industry consolidation globalizes. We need to be out in front of these more for less market trends with the partnership of our suppliers. And there is room for us together improve our value proposition and for those who work with us aggressively there is an opportunity for them to grow disproportionately. So it will be over time, we are in the second inning,
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well I think, I would categorize them both as watch items that we pay attention to. And my concern about either right now no, I mean I think but it is part of the more for less world that I anticipate and we’ve got to be competitively ready for not very negative scenarios, but turbulence and China is – we don’t see any pullback really on their investment in infrastructure related activities. They remain very committed to that. I think they are having difficulty transition in their economy right now and there is all kinds of names what they’re doing. But it's more of a demand driven consumer led domestically driven economy and that transition is not easy to make from a external investment FDI kind of led economy. And so quite frankly I expect this kind of turbulence as they try to manage that. And rates, rates remain very low historically there was ample financing at rates much higher than where we are today, if they keep going and get way, way high against historical levels. Sure we'd have to manage it. And one of the reasons we’ve managed Boeing Capital Corporation down significantly over the last number of years is so if we ever do get to that point, we’ll have some room to help and but we’re nowhere near that point yet.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, I would just add one of that came through the factory end of the year and the other point, I would make just on the Defense R&D is that that team has been able to increase research and development, funding in some key elements of innovation relative to our competition. And I think we’ve been able to do that because we got after the cost issue faster and more aggressively. So that we can both grow margin and increase investment in R&D. I think history tells you in the Defense & Space business, if you can hang on to your innovation during these downturns, it’s going to pay back and may not be for a few years, but we’re absolutely convinced it will pay back, sorry, are you got that…
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, well as I mentioned it’s – we are in final assembly now with the first airplane that’s progressing well getting ready to move to into flight test, and right now we are looking at mid next year deliveries. So progressing well as I mentioned we were obviously just personally out on the airplane and making great progress into the factory getting ready to move in the flight test.Jon Ostrower – Wall Street Journal: Thanks guys
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well we do see it is a viable long-term program, I think it’s significant that we are continuing to get orders in the middle of a down turn, which is were we are today. So as the market normalizes over the next year or two, which is what we expect normalizing will put more an additional tailwind behind our order experiences. So I think the point here is how well we are doing during a downturn.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, I think it is. The normal timing for deciding on production, placement would be if we did introduce launch in the back half of the year would be anywhere from two to six months after that.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Dominic, Dominic, we didn’t here the first part of your question. Sorry.Dominic Gates – The Seattle Times: I’m sorry.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: There we go, there we go.Dominic Gates – The Seattle Times: At the beginning of the year there was – given the increases in production that were happening and the projections for starting new development programs, there was a certain amount of surprise in the Puget Sound region when we got some negative employment news and so there was news of cuts in both engineering and cuts in the production workforce and as well as that we have some IT jobs moving, news at IT jobs moving. So now at the midpoint of the year I would like to ask for an update on how you see all that falling out and how it may change for the rest of the year and how do you see employment in the Puget Sound region.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, I think at this point, I mean I think what you’ve seen today is we peaked out last year and we’re starting to come down this year and we’ll continue with that going forward as we increase rates and continue to look of a productivity improvements.Dominic Gates – The Seattle Times: Okay, thank you.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, any whole has get being done, okay with lots of customers over and we do have warranty programs that cover a lot of this. The specific incident you’re talking about, I assume was Ethiopian.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: And yeah, and we’re in discussions with them right now about how to handle it. We want to make sure. They are in agreement with our approach. We have for the last five or six years, we’ve thought about how to repair composite structures when they are damaged. And we will obviously honor any and all warranty obligations as we do that and typically both we and the carrier have insurance that fact this up. So if the question eventually gets to financial impacts, there will be very little.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: I think as to your first question, I think even Jon thought that he was – you would have to ask him, but my guess is John would feel that he was got carried away with himself, which can happen. But you have to ask him. As to your second question, the reliability of this airplane is about the same as the reliability that we’ve had introducing new models included in the most successful wide-body we’ve ever introduced 777 or about at the same kind of the special liability levels that we had then and there are a lot of things that happened early. When you look at the data and we monitor public opinion working with our airline customers as to how they feel about Boeing and the 787. The support for this airplane remains high and as we go through these issues, which admittedly, I’m not trying to say we want to go through these issues I believe we don’t at all. But our customers have shown an ability to appreciate a game changing nature of this airplane, also to appreciate that safety has been something that has increased overall in this industry dramatically in the last 10 years. It’s up 10 fold in the last 30 or 40 years. And I think the public knows that and the regulatory regimes that we go through and the amount of time and effort we invest in safety and redundancy on these airplanes, so that even when there is a point of failure, there is two or three other systems to back it up. I think the public hedge seems to understand and appreciate that and so it gets them through some of these well publicized events that really or roughly the same kind of events we had when we introduced new airplanes over time, other times, other places.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: I think the quick answer is I cannot predict the future, point one. Point two we have a lot of value in this airplane. And quite frankly, we are getting very responsible prices from our customers, because we’re delivering lots of value here. This significantly improves the operating economics of our customers, which is not to say that they don’t compare and ask for better pricing in every campaign they do, but in the sense that you ask the question, I think which is pricing to the place where that destroys or significantly impairs our economics, I don't see that.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well yeah, I mean these are very, very different situation, I means I think the retrofit time on the battery was a couple of days, okay.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, there was not significant structural damage to the hall, okay. That was not something that required a lot of time and effort. I think the obliviously we had to inspect and check, but when you got down to the effort, I’ll make sure that we get back to you if I’m a little bit off with this answer. But I do not recall a significant amount of structural repair if any, okay. Now these Ethiopian airplanes, it’s little premature to project what’s the timing might be. We are in discussion with the Ethiopia. We want then to be completely comfortable with our approach and those discussions will take another few days, weeks and then we’ll be in a better position to give an estimate.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: It’s a little early to speck it. We obliviously invested a lot of time and effort in repair processes as we developed this new composite technology, we feel comfortable that we know how to address this issue and most other structural issues as they arise. But I don’t want to get out ahead of discussions that are going on where they have very fine customer of Ethiopian and projecting factory, the repair they are going to be comfortable with all the time it is going to take.
Greg Smith: Is that it Joe. Now let me on the unit cost progress to your point we certainly had 787-9 in there and we also had an inventoried build-up as we plan for as you know getting to 10 a month by the end of the year. So that's what you're seeing there in the inventory build-up quarter-over-quarter. If you strip that out, you would see the normal progress that we’ve seen on the unit cost basis on the -8 and I think if you heard me say before, if we kind of just go back to unit eight to around unit 100 we’ve seen anywhere from 55% to 60% reduction. And so we’re continuing to see progress on a unit-by-unit basis as the production system stabilizes and we get ready for the next rate break, we're also seeing improvement on the overall kind of operational metrics around traveled work, improvements in quality and reductions in flow time. So I would say it’s progressing very well and again if you stripped out those unique items you continue to see the progress there on a unit basis. With regards to deferred production balances going forward, we’re still comfortable with that peaking at slightly over $20 billion and again think of that as we reach 10 a month and stabilize at that level, that's when we'll see that turn which roughly is about early 2015 timeframe, mid 2015 in that area, but the planned inventory build-up obviously is in the support of our rates as we get again prepared to go to 10 a month, but that kind of basically how you’ll see that profile going forward.
Greg Smith: Yeah, that’s how we are playing it out Doug, that’s how we are working it. What you are seeing up to now is the productivity gains that we see in the factories and within the supply chain, but then on top of that working partnering for success movement forward.
Greg Smith: On your deferred per unit, you are going to see some bouncing around a little bit in the third and fourth quarter. Again, as we introduce more -9s into the line, and come down back learning curve and then get to the 10 a month and stabilize at that level, but again after that you are going to see the normal progress on equivalent unit cost going forward. But I would consider a temporary disruption here again as we have the blanks firing into the line in the -9 making its way through the production system, which by the way is making great progress through our factories and progressing very well.
Greg Smith: I think assuming at that one Cai, there is no question; number one priority is to get to 10 a month and do it well. And we’re well on our way to executing that. But there is pressure beyond that to raise production rates. And it is led by demand for -9s and -10s. So the mixing up into larger, longer range models is correct. And mixing up on pricing and therefore profitability is also it wants to move in that direction as well. So I think we’ll make the call ongoing beyond 10, once we’ve settled in at 10 and have a very firm foundation. And I think if I were a betting man, I think that the marketplace demand could move us in that direction over time and that would all be good from a volume and profitability standpoint.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Company: Thank you very much.
Greg Smith: Yeah. So I think to answer your first question, certainly -9 and then think of it as investments in inventory to de-risk as we get up to 10 a month. So that's really what's driving that and as I said, if you strip that out you would see progress on the -8 as we have seen. So on a unit-by-unit basis, we are continuing to see improvement there and again I would think of this as being temporary as we come down the learning curve on the -9 work through flight that ramp back up in production and deliveries and you will see us make progress through that period. With regards to the -10 just like we have with other derivative programs as we make progress on firming up orders. We’ll look at extending the blocks, the accounting blocks, I see us doing that. Again, it depends on how we firm up our orders, but sometime later this year, and that would be favorable to the booking rate and but at the same time we would also include the up front investments on the -10. So net-net would be an improvement.
Greg Smith: Well, I think Howard when you kind of – you look at the balance of the year and there is airplanes on the tarmac, some of those are still have to require going through changing part and some of them are coming out of it. So if you look at the deliveries for the year, about 15% of those are coming out of changing part and then about 20% coming out of Charleston, 20% from Charleston and the balance out of Everett. So certainly in July, here and then moving forward you’ll see deliveries picking up through the balance of the year. But we’re still comfortable with about 60, Howard, and certainly if we can do more we will, but the team is very focused on delivering the units that are committed through the balance of the year.
Greg Smith: Yeah. When you look at the back half of the year Defense rate now looks about flattish, so you’ll see that kind of normal run rate that you seen in Q1 and Q2. And as I said in Q3 and Q4 with BCA, you’re seeing the ramp up of the MAX and the 10X. And then with the -9 starting to obviously taper off that that’s really what you’re seeing there. As far as going forward at this point, I think as I mentioned before we’re seeing kind of flattish R&D going into 2014 and we’re continuing to work that and refine our estimates from there going forward, but that we’re seeing right now.
Greg Smith: Yeah.Jon Ostrower – Wall Street Journal: And as you look at that rate of improvement, do you need to increase the rate of improvement from here, does it need to be steeper, does it need to be shallower compared to where you have come thus far from the first point.
Greg Smith: No, I think it depends on what starting point you’re coming from, but certainly as we look at the units to be produced going forward. We still see our learning curve that continues on a pretty steady trajectory similar to what we’ve experienced on other program. But again the differentiator on the 787 is how we have some of these supply agreements, time base, but net-net you’re going to see improvements on a unit-by-unit basis going forward and a lot of that is again production stability and getting stability in the production system, getting to 10 a month and holding there and as I mentioned we are seeing improvement unit-by-unit whether it’s quality or flow time or jobs traveling outside of the factory out in the flight line. All of that on the unit-by-unit basis is improving and that’s driving the unit cost.
Greg Smith: Good morning.Dominic Gates – The Seattle Times: In the first half of the year as you began to increase production and looked ahead to new development program. There was a certain amount of surprise here certainly I was surprised by it.
Greg Smith: And then compensation on the battery, there were some instances where we had obligations to customers and those have all been satisfied and you could see by our quarterly results that there was no significant impact to our operations as we work with our customers to remedy situation.
