David Calhoun: Thanks, Greg. We’re in an unprecedented period for the industry and the world, and I am humbled and privileged to lead the talented people of Boeing. We are and will be taking the right action to navigate through this pandemic, support our workforce, maintain supply chain continuity and stability and position for a changing market. We continue to support our defense customers in their critical national security mission. We are progressing toward the safe return to service of the 737 MAX and we are driving safety, quality and operational excellence into all that we do every day. And through it all, we are keeping the health of our employees, their families and our communities top of mind. We believe the long-term industry fundamentals remain strong and air travel will recover. Our portfolio of products and technology is well-positioned and we’re confident we will emerge from this crisis and thrive again as a leader of our industry. History has proven Boeing is a company that rises to these challenges. With that, Greg and I will be happy to take your questions. Thank you.
David Calhoun: Yes, thank you. Number one, as you probably know and has been reported on widely, we have been having conversations, intense ones for the better part of a month with our MAX customers about delivery and when to take them. And it's -- I would call it a wide variation with respect to what they ask for, some want them right away, some of them want to defer for quite a while. Our assessment is reflected in these numbers based on those interactions. And yes, there's more to be had. But we think it sort of accurately reflects that. And if anything in light of that, now all of the government resources that have been provided to many of the airlines, which a month ago were still in doubt, some of that has settled down. So, now with respect to priorities, our priority will be to deliver the finished goods inventory that we have. And as a result, production rate is the one that we will sort of change based on what happens in the marketplace. Marketplace gets more robust for any reason, we'll increase that rate sooner rather than later. And if it defers and/or gets any worse, we will do the opposite.  So the variable in this is going to be the production rate, and a rate we've chosen now is 31 number, and a slow pace to get to 31 reflects everything we know about the conversations with all of our MAX customers. 
David Calhoun: The $60 billion number of course was put together early in this process, and credit markets were as tight as they could be, and we were trying to assess the fragility of mostly the supply chain frankly, and we do have some weak or soft spots in that supply chain. But with respect to Boeing's role in the health of the supply chain, I think everybody here knows that the real leverage for us is when we are sound and our credit is good and we place orders against all of our supply chains, then in fact that provides the liquidity that they need ultimately to make the adjustments that they're going to make in response to our production rates.  So that in and of itself, whatever ultimately we do and the liquidity we provide to our suppliers is most important. But our number was meant to represent sort of the whole, all of the supply chain, 17,000 suppliers, the tier 1s and the support that the tier 1s might need, and I can't speak to that. And so, again, $60 billion number was in fact an industry number, not a Boeing specific number.
David Calhoun: Maybe one other comment with respect to the market backdrop on the 787, the demand for the 87 is pretty strong. Our issue is, in our assumptions and we think we're right is that the international route structures are going to come back much slower than the domestic ones. And as a result, the 87 suffers for that. But otherwise the airplane's performance, its utilization right now in the marketplace is pretty amazing. So we feel good about the airplane, but this pushover, based on the assumptions we've made, it is what it is. 
David Calhoun: So let me take a swing at that. First of all, I'm going to assume if we haven't heard from literally all of our customers by now, we will, with respect to what they would like to do. And these discussions are constructive and we do everything in our power to defer when we can swap where we can, et cetera. And remember, a lot of our customers, all of them are invested with respected PDPs that of course we have retained.  So each of these discussions, believe it or not, have been quite constructive and productive. And everything we know about their initial requests are reflected in our new production rates. And it's not to suggest that there isn't risk remaining on the demand side. But we're not looking for rose colored glasses, we're actually doing quite the opposite, which is to meet as many of these requests as we can, negotiate outcomes where we can and we have a whole bunch of them. And then reflect that accurately in the production rates in the forward view and that is exactly where we sit.  So anyway, it's surprising. But the one thing that's probably surprised me a bit is the extent to which this will accelerate fleet rationalization in the customer base. You know this scenario, we went from a robust growth environment, where even if they had plans to retire a portion of their fleet, they couldn’t do it simply because the market wasn’t robust as it was, and they've now gone to the polar opposite. And so this is that moment where rationalization efforts get big. And believe it or not, in some cases, it even requires that maybe new airplanes they ordered, simply to rationalize the fleet that they're trying to put out of business. So this is a very interesting set of dynamics. The fleet planning efforts are in full swing for everybody. And again, I think we've reflected everything we know.
David Calhoun: In my experience and I’ve lived through it in my life at GECAS back in the post 9/11 world. It turns out that is exactly what holds up. And we believe that in fact it will hold up again. And a lot of the discussions we’ve had been with financial markets and lessors, as you would imagine. So I think your assumption is correct and part of our assumptions in this process reflect the discussions we’ve had with financial sources. So I guess, yes, is the answer, I can’t put an absolute number on it for you but it’s clearly reflected in our numbers.
David Calhoun: Well, let me take a crack at this first. The right order of business is the one that is going on right before our eyes. And the first is to get the airlines from the pre-COVID moment into the post-COVID moment and for them to be warm when they get there so that they can begin that recovery process. That in and of itself puts some stability out there in the marketplace and it allows us, Boeing, to now look at medium term demand long-term demand and make the adjustments in accordance with that. We believe we have a balance sheet and we believe we have tools available to us and credit markets that are open enough to us to be able to get from here to there and get there with room to spare.  As we do that, our good credit then extends into the supply chain and the supply chain then has to make a whole bunch of adjustments on their own to reflect the new production requirements at both Airbus and Boeing. So again the airlines, bridging that moment, Boeing-Airbus, access to credit and their ability to finance from here to that medium term moment and then the supply chain’s ability to now restructure themselves to meet that new demand, but always relying on our credit and always relying on our factories being open, that's a real advantage. And then the tools that the CARES Act has put in place and we do work closely with the administration on trying to get them to understand where the soft spots might be in that overall supply chain and direct those tools to that supply chain.  And that's the process that’s unfolding before our eyes. Believe it or not, I think it's robust and it's working. And so I'm not anticipating at least at this moment in time any big or serious repercussions from supply chain issues in some ways. Just in the last two or three weeks as governments have stepped up with their tools, et cetera, there's been a little more stability than there was just prior. 
David Calhoun: We are. And I know you would imagine, but we have a lot of folks who help us with this and we have stress tests the case that we're putting forward in many, many ways that are much more difficult than what we believe we're going to do. And we do get through it. And we do ultimately when we do take on more debt, we also believe strongly that we're going to start paying it down. Now at what rate we pay it down is the real question, but when we get to some form of stability at these production rates, and I believe we'll be in good shape to begin that process of returning money to our lenders. 
David Calhoun: Well, with respect to MAX, I have a lot more confidence in the MAX and its place in the market than maybe the question implies. We have a value prop that actually is still pretty good. In some ways, if airplane loads want to get smaller as a result of maybe a smaller set of passengers flying on them in the next several years, it might actually play to us. We have a robust backlog with it and we are not out of the product development business. We're definitely in it. We are invested in capabilities with respect to manufacturing and engineering that we believe will offer a very differentiated product in whatever strategy we choose. And we're fast at work at that stuff and we continue to be at work on it. It will probably not be applied to an NMA. And I think we've conveyed that to the marketplace. But this time actually in some of these market changes, and then those important technologies we're investing and I actually -- I have a lot of faith in the product that we currently serve it with; and then secondly, the capabilities we'll bring to whatever we eventually develop as a next gen. And in the meantime, on a wide-body world and particularly in the freighter world, we like our strategies, we're going to continue to invest in it. And I believe at a moment that's our -- probably our biggest priority. So -- and then at the low end, Embraer is not going away, they're going to fight tooth and nail to win at that low end of the marketplace and they'll battle Airbus, the former Bombardier and doing so, and I don't think that's going to move the market in any significant way and/or affect the future of Boeing in any significant way. So anyway, that's probably in a nutshell.
David Calhoun: Well, I don't have a retirement number on the tip of my tongue. Sufficed to say, there are going to -- retirements are going to accelerate in my view considerably and airplanes are going to get put down permanently at a faster rate. That's the most important part of this. They get put down permanently, not that they just get part. And so I do think that actually is going to play to our favor. I love where our product line is. I think it's fundamentally advantage. Unfortunately, this international route structure I just think it's going to take longer to recover. And as a result, we'll suffer with respect to ramp. But I do feel very good about it. And I do think retirements are going to fuel a fair amount of our demand.
David Calhoun: This is with respect to our defense business and I'll start with it. You are in fact correct. 2019, where we did have some balance, the defense business was 45%. This year of course the defense business will probably be bigger than the commercial business and that will probably hold for a little while, of course, with these new rates and deliveries. So, that's an important part of our company that I'm not sure a lot of people reflect. The risk elements associated with our defense portfolio now -- I'm not going to knock on wood while I say it, but I believe we've de-risked much of our portfolio largely as a result of the significant issues we had on tanker and of course the continuous write-offs that we had to experience. I do believe that, that program now is exactly where it needs to be. We're going to finish well. Importantly, our customers are going to feel like we have finished well and we've delivered a product that is second to none. So I do believe that even the tanker future is significantly brighter than the one we've experienced up until now. And then our fighter aircraft, we will continue to supplement or attempt to supplement our order stream and production build. And largely with the help of a Defense Department whose posture is to want to do those kinds of things, particularly in this moment in time. So again, feel good about that.  And on the development front, our development programs at the early stages are all looking quite good. We're really not off plan on anything. And usually by now we have a sniff that we might be. So again I feel pretty good about the risk profile of our defense business, despite the difficulties that we've attempted to overcome in just the last couple of years, Greg, if you want to add anything to that. 
Greg Smith: Yes, yes. Well, clearly Rob, to Peter's question, today that is the -- I would say the single biggest driver. To your point, we've kind of laid out at least currently how we're thinking about production rates in that timeframe, but the single biggest driver of that will be MAX. And not only priority one delivering off that ramp is being the first step, but then that production rate increased from there. And so, obviously the market’s going to inform us how we can -- if we have the right profile that we've established today based on the numerous discussions we've had with the customer, but that will be the single biggest driver within that period. And then, I'd say outside of that is the 777 to 777X. As you know, 777x’s use of cash this year will peak this year. We expect it to be a use of cash next year, but then it's cash flow positive in the following year. So that transition, that will take place will be key to 2022 cash flow. Obviously, we expect 2022 to be much better than what we're experiencing this year and next, but those will be the real I’ll say key operational drivers that will allow us to get there. 
Greg Smith: Yes, Rob, I don't want to get into specifics on that timeframe, because obviously as we sit here today, 2022 feels like a long way away considering what we're navigating, but it'll be -- obviously it'll be positive cash flow in that period from those key drivers. How positive? It will really obviously depend on rates even further going out, and not delivery rates as much it is, but production rates and advances that could impact 2022 positively or negatively depending on where rates go from there, but those would be the big drivers.  And like I said, now with these production rates we've established, that's our best assessment at this time. And that could change, it will size accordingly to do that. But 2022 starts to feel like a more normal year certainly than what we've experienced in ‘19 and what we're going to experience in ‘20. 
Greg Smith: Yes. And then Seth, just on your second part of your question around being investment grade, certainly we would like to maintain being investment grade. And I think as you've heard and seen that we're doing everything possible to do that. But look, the market's probably going to impact that more than anything. Fortunately as we now -- we started that position of strength with our balance sheet, that's allowed us to navigate it. And as Dave and I outlined, we're taking all the right steps to manage liquidity day in and day out and prepare for a recovery on the other side.  But at the end of the day, it's going to be what it’s going to be on the investment grade. But certainly we'd prefer to stay investment grade. And again, I think we're doing all the -- taking all the right actions to try to maintain that. 
Greg Smith: No, I think you got it right. I mean the contraction in the cost base was driven by time. So, it's staying within the five year period that we have on cost basis. So, as a result of producing fewer units that caused us to contract that cost base by a 100 units. I would say even with that contraction, when you look at margin going forward on the 787, even with the lower production rates, net-net on a unit basis, it holds up pretty well. And the real key drivers, that even with the lower volume, like I said, we're going to be impacted by the fixed costs. But you kind of come back to the fundamentals on the backlog and the profile, the program going forward, when you look at model mix, you look at supplier step down and even with our own productivity, it is impacted, like I said, but the not impacted as much as I think some would expect. So I think those fundamentals -- we would ask, don't lose sight of those because there's still a key driver to cash margin on the program. 
Greg Smith: Yes. And I’d just add to it, Sheila, you know very well, when you look at the number of airplanes that are 20 plus years old and it's a significant amount. And then to Dave’s point, at least we are picking up on the customer side, they'll be put down and won't be coming back up. And when you look at what we have in the pipeline or in the backlog to some of those customers from an efficiency point of view, obviously there's significant improvements and it crosses the entire product line. So, we'll see how it goes. But I think across the globe we're hearing a lot more commitment to retiring that age fleet, and to Dave’s point, retiring for good and not bringing it back and we'll continue to monitor that. Obviously we’ll take that into account as we think about our production schedules going forward. 
Greg Smith: Yes, I think the only one that may be a little off is that the transition from the 777 to 777X through that period as we're building the balance of the flight test airplanes. But outside of that, pretty good correlation, production rate to delivery rate. Of course MAX being unique as we talked earlier. Yes. 
Greg Smith: Yes, no, I agree with everything you said, Dave. And obviously, when you look at the portfolio mix, Jon, that MAX ramp up, that's where it'll start to differentiate, go back to a richer mix on the commercial side. But outside of that I think it’s pretty much the way Dave outlined it. And on the development program, as Dave said, we’ve tried to derisk a lot of these upfront, especially some of those wins that we had most recently. And outside of that the portfolio is actually performing well as is the BGS government services side of the business. So we got to keep that engine running smoothly as well.
Greg Smith: Yes. No, definitely ‘21 is -- at least as we have a forecast to be a much better than ‘20, a lot of key elements in that is certainly the MAX again, the profile, the MAX deliveries coming off the ramp and the production. There is more impact on the progress payment side. But again, as I’ve talked about, operationally on the 787 we're still seeing good cash conversion on the program. And then -- and like I said, 777X has improved from a cash burn in ‘21 as well. So lots of moving pieces as there always is. But the single biggest driver in there is MAX, the right ramp on MAX and that's what will contribute to a much more improved 2021 versus 2020.
Greg Smith: Yes. Our current forecast based on all the rate discussions we just had today is a positive 2021 cash flow.
