Dennis A. Muilenburg: All right. Thank you, Greg. With a strong three quarters behind us, our team remains focused on further driving both growth and productivity. In addition to the stabilizing commercial airplane market dynamics I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we've also taken our own actions to reduce cyclicality in our business, including remaining disciplined in our production rate decisions, de-risking our pension liabilities, strategically phasing our research and development spending, creating labor stability with long-term contracts, and expanding our services business, which is also less cyclical. As the world's largest commercial airplane maker, our nation's second-largest defense contractor, a global leader in space flight, and a growing force in lifecycle services, we are as optimistic about our future and the future of our industry as we have ever been. Our priorities going forward are to leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength on strength to deliver and improve on our commitments, and to stretch beyond those plans and sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts. Achieving these objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on profitable ramp up in our commercial airplane production, continuing to strengthen our defense and space business, delivering on our development programs, growing our integrated services business and leveraging the power of our three business unit strategy, driving world-class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth, and continue to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry. All of which positions Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom line growth, and to create increasing value for our shareholders, our customers, our employees, and our other stakeholders. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yes. Hey. Good morning, Cai. Yeah. It was two things, really. I mean some of that's timing, just on 777X, which continues to make good progress. So we got – but we got a little bit of timing there and performance. So it's really a mix as we look at through the balance of the year, our expenditure profile. As we look into 2018, we should see moderate levels of R&D from what you're going to see this year. So obviously this has been something that we've been laser focused on around efficiency. At the same time, optimizing our timing of our spend across the enterprise.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yes, Rajeev. I think when you take a look at third quarter, obviously this is the first time we're reporting separately in those three operating segments. And the services business that you see reflected there is in line with our expectations. It's a good, solid foundation to start. Obviously, we're making a number of investments to help grow our portfolio going forward. As I outlined in my opening comments, we see the services market of about $2.6 trillion over the next 10 years as very attractive. We're investing in our core businesses around parts and modification capabilities. We're also investing in new analytics capabilities. And we're making some very good progress there on building that platform of products and services. And we expect to translate that into long term top line and bottom line growth. In our current portfolio we're investing in a number of areas that allow us to grow our proprietary parts business, low-cost mods and upgrades, our training businesses. You saw some of the progress we've made with our airline customers on a number of those fronts. Global Fleet Care solutions and performance-based logistics solutions in particular have a lot of strength right now. We're also investing in supply chain capabilities, digital aviation and analytics capabilities. I think a good sign post that you saw was so far this year more than 200 orders in our new AnalytX portfolio. More than 40 airlines signing up for digital solutions in the quarter. So a lot of good momentum as we build a foundation for growth. And we see this as a great growth opportunity for our company. And by getting all of our efforts aligned under a single business unit we expect that to accelerate our growth, both top and bottom line, going forward. And we expect services to be accretive to the bottom line as a result.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Hey, Jason, great question. First of all, we continue to see the narrow body marketplace as a very attractive, very strong market. We've said that we're seeing strong passenger growth characteristics around the globe. We're seeing customer diversification. Our backlog is very strong. We have laid out a current market outlook of roughly 41,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years. And roughly 29,000 of those are in that narrow body marketplace. We're continuing to ramp up very significantly on our production lines. As you know, we just moved to 47 aircraft a month on the 737 production line this quarter. You didn't hear a lot of news around that, because it went very smoothly. And that's credit to our team for the way they've ramped up the production there. We're stepping up to 52 a month next year, 57 a month in 2019. As I said, we're sold out through the end of the decade. We continue to see upward market pressure on narrow body production rates. So it's a very healthy marketplace. We have a very healthy production system. And the MAX ramp up within that 737 production system has been very smooth and strong. We've delivered 30 MAXs now. We expect MAX deliveries to make up 10% to 15% of the 737 deliveries this year. I think that's also a very encouraging sign that we're bringing the latest, leading edge technology and innovation to the narrow body marketplace. And production ramp up is going very smoothly. We have high confidence in our strategy, high confidence in our product line. The MAX family is winning in the marketplace. In that 100 to 150 seat category that you mentioned, the [737] MAX 7 is performing strongly. And again, as most of our customers look at family of narrow body products, the MAX family is the strongest family in the marketplace. So we're going to continue to fuel that effort. Some of the recent developments in the marketplace are not surprising to us. As we've said before, it's an attractive market with a lot of global competitors. We like competition. It makes us better. We're confident we can win. But it's important that everybody plays by the same rules. And we're going to continue to invest to win in the narrow body marketplace.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, hey, Rob. First of all, go back to the fundamentals here. Again, we have high confidence in our strategy. We've laid out a game plan. Our product lineup in the narrow body arena is centered around the MAX airplane and smoothly introducing that into our fleets. You can see the strength of the ramp up that we have planned for those production lines. It's very important that we focus on that core effort and the successful implementation of the MAX family. With 4,400 aircraft in backlog, we're very confident in the position we have and the fact that we're oversold on our production line capacity. We have lots of growth opportunity, both top and bottom line, in our core narrow body business. We have a number of customers who operate 737s today who still have not made their next-generation selection. So, additional upside on MAX orders clearly ahead of us. Now, along with that, we continue to evaluate all of our strategic options, as we always have. And as I said earlier, recent changes in the marketplace, the discussions between Airbus and Bombardier, don't change our plans. We have a strong strategy in place. We'll continue to look at our strategic alternatives. But we don't need to change the path that we're on. We're very confident we're going to continue to look at ways to accelerate our core business, grow organically as our primary growth engine. That will continue to be our growth engine. As we said before, we have clear priorities on usage of cash. Our first use of cash is invest organically. Secondly, returning value to our shareholders, roughly 100% of free cash flow. And then thirdly, mergers, acquisitions, partnerships, that complement our organic strategy. We're going to continue down that path.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Our investment in productivity initiatives and getting that down to the team level on the production factory floors, you can really see the momentum of that investment. And it's showing in the unit cost reduction. And we're making steady progress across all the production lines. And that unit cost focus really drives the right behavior.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. Hey, Noah, on your first question, if we take a look at the overall defense marketplace, again, an attractive market for the long run. Here in the U.S. with the defense budget, we do see momentum towards increasing the defense budget. Now obviously, the process of getting through the budget resolutions and the FY 2018 budget, we're still in the midst of that process. But the president's budget request shows an increase of roughly 10% over the current BCA [Budget Control Act] caps that are represented through sequestration. We're seeing support on the [Capitol] Hill, and from both parties, in terms of finding an alternative to sequestration. And I think as you see, the realities of the security environment around the world, the need for national security, growing momentum for a strong and growing long term defense budget. And I do think that's important for the country. And we're seeing strong political support with that framework in mind going forward. So I remain hopeful that we'll see an alternative to sequestration. And that that will translate into a long term stable defense budget with some upside to the current budget. And I think when you look at specifics around Boeing programs within that, again we see strong support for those core programs. And I mentioned a few of them, F-18 fighters, Apache and Chinook helicopters, the V-22, the P-8, frankly, the tanker program. As we transition to production, we see some upside on that program. So across our portfolio – satellites as well – we see strength there. And so that gives us some momentum for growing top line in our defense budget through the end of the decade. It'll be modest growth but we see some opportunity to grow the top line of the business. As you can see, the team has been doing a great job of bringing that to the bottom line as well. And then additive to that is we continue to see strong international demand. And it's important to note that about a third of our backlog is – of our defense backlog is outside of the U.S. And we continue to see robust demand around the world for our defense products. So that combination gives us strong prospects for our defense business. And that will also dovetail with growing our services business.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, we expect it to be flattish. But the trajectory that you're going to see over the next few years towards the end of the decade is going to be flat to moderate growth, top line, and as we've talked before. And it will be dependent on what happens with the U.S. defense budget. And as momentum grows on the defense budget, you'll see that reflected directly in our defense business. But we see that as a solid core business that's stable to moderate growth through the decade.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yes, Seth. We continue to remain very disciplined on those production rate decisions. As you know, that's an important part of how we're going to manage our backlog going forward. As I've characterized it earlier, we're in a very strong position on the 737 line now as we bring the MAX online. And the fact that our team smoothly cut to 47 a month this quarter I think is a great signpost and a great demonstration of our ability to ramp up and do it in a disciplined, methodical way. We're going to step up to 52 next year and then 57 in 2019. As I said, we're oversold against that profile. We continue to win campaigns. And so the general direction of the pressure is upward. And as always, we continue to evaluate additional rate increases as possibilities for the future. But all of that is done through the lens of ensuring we can do it in a good, disciplined, stable matter. Right now we're very focused on successfully ramping up to 57 a month, bringing our supply chain along. As I said, things are going well on the MAX. But we want to keep an eye on every dimension of our supply chain to make sure as we incrementally step up that we can bring this whole supply chain along with us. And that's where we're going to focus for right now. And as we consider alternatives and the upward market pressure, we'll be looking at it through that supply chain lens. That's certainly one of the key decision criteria associated with that. Market forces here are very clear. Passenger traffic trends are strong. As the MAX has been introduced, we're getting great feedback from our airline customers. Reliability of the jet, performance of the jet is outstanding. The value proposition for our customers is clear. So we expect to see continued upward pressure. And we're going to continue our disciplined production rate decision process.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet, Peter. We continue to feel very strong about the 767 production line. As you note, we just recently stepped up to 2.5 a month on that production line. That's fueled by both commercial interest, including strong freighter interest, as well as the upcoming ramp-up on the tanker program. The fact that we have a combined line that can serve the needs of our commercial and military customers is a unique strength of that line. We continue to see broader customer interest. So we'll evaluate those opportunities. But the fact that we have a healthy production line, an airplane that provides a unique value proposition, both to commercial and military customers, and we don't see the 767 line as a sunsetting production line. It's a strong, long-term production line, and it does have some growth opportunities for us. If you look at that current market outlook that I mentioned earlier, sort of in that small widebody class, if you will, about 5,000-airplane market size out there is part of our current market outlook. So it's a substantial marketplace. The 767 is well positioned. And for some customers, it's a great value proposition. So we're investing in that line. And that's one of the reasons I have great confidence in the future of the tanker program as well as a decades long franchise for both production and support. Our ability to have a combined commercial/military line is a unique strength.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah. Doug, right now, I won't give you the precise split here. But it's about a 50/50 split between our commercial and defense businesses. That comes and goes with timing of various contracts and how we provide service support to our customers. But we expect to see growth across both the commercial and defense dimensions of that business. And we expect it to be fairly balanced when we look at overall fleet positions that we have with our defense and commercial customers in their fleets around the world and the new investments we're making. And our ability to provide global support to customers on both defense and commercial provides some unique opportunities. It gives them a chance to combine infrastructure, warehousing, spares distribution. There's some real cost advantages to our customers when we can serve them across these commercial and defense sectors. So we're interested in maintaining that balance and critical mass. If you look at the components of that business, just to give you a rough breakdown today, things that are related to parts and supply chain are about 40% of that business, engineering mods and maintenance is about another 40%, and then items around digital aviation, analytics, and training is the remaining roughly 20% of the business. We're investing in all of those sectors. We think we have a lot of upside in our core parts business, as we rebuild intellectual property and some of our vertical capabilities. And we expect that to create lifecycle value. I would say in terms of percent growth opportunity, where we really see the greatest opportunity in our digital aviation and analytics portfolio. As we drive information-based solutions, you see some of the uptake in our customers on things like our AnalytX solutions with more than 200 new sales and portfolios distributed this year, our health monitoring services. As our airplanes, platforms, and spacecraft get smarter and smarter, there are more and more opportunities to leverage that data to provide value for our customers. And the key here around our whole services business growth is looking through that customer value lens. And we think we have a unique opportunity to provide that. And that fuels our growth expectations.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah. I would say in the supply-chain area and mods and maintenance, those are critical mass capabilities that are in place today that we can grow rapidly, more rapidly in the near term. The digital solutions, while the rate of growth is strong in the near term, building that critical mass will take some time. And those are some areas where we're investing for the future as well, both organic and inorganic. And I expect those investments to pay off significantly in the longer term. So that's the way I would look at the balance.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Doug, no significant change on that front. We've taken an initial look at the proposed deal. We remain skeptical. We continue to look at this through a customer value lens. And it's really important that as we see consolidations in our supply chain that those consolidations produce value for our customers and produce value for Boeing. And it's important for us to protect the health and diversity of that supply chain in the long term interest of our customer and our industry. And until proven otherwise, we still remain skeptical. And we do have tools related to contractual obligations and regulatory matters. And if necessary, we're able to leverage those tools and make use of them. We continue to get more details on the deal. But until we've been able to look at that in some more depth, we can't make any final decisions here. But just go back to the bottom line. This needs to produce value for our customers, value for the health of our supply chain. And we're skeptical until proven otherwise.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Julie, first of all on tanker, I think it's important again to put this in the context of the long term value proposition of this program. And we remain very confident there. As you know, the opportunity is measured in hundreds of aircraft. We expect this to be a long term production and support franchise, one that will add tremendous value for our customers. And the need for the new tankers is very clear. So the fundamentals of the program are strong, the long-term value proposition is very strong. Now it's been a challenging development program, as we've said all along. And we're not completely to the finish line yet, but we are clearly closing in. We've completed more than 2,000 hours of flight testing. We have six aircraft in the flight test program now. We have more than 30 aircraft that are flowing through our production system. I can tell you that the flight test aircraft are performing very well. We're about 80% complete with the flight testing required for initial delivery. And while we've had some issues that have occurred during flight tests that are normal to tanker testing, like the boom scraping issue that you've seen in the news, these are not unusual items. And I can tell you the feedback we've heard from the customers flying the airplanes is that the airplanes are flying well. And the controllability of the boom is excellent. And overall, the tanking capability of the airplane is going to provide great benefit to our war fighters and our service men and women. And we're going to continue to march through the remainder of the flight test program and finish up certification of the aircraft. The challenges we're having right now are related to just implementing final detailed changes on the aircraft to get them to a final certification standard. These are not unusual. But we do have a lot of airplanes flowing concurrently through the production system. So it's a matter of just working through those volumes of airplanes. Having been out on the tanker production line multiple times as recently as last week, I can tell you the airplanes are coming together very well. The first delivery tanker is out of the factory, it's through paint, it's through the fuel dock, and we're getting it prepared for final certification and delivery. And we'll deliver those first 18 aircraft in 2018. And then we'll move into the production program. So, work to go yet. We're not completely through the flight test program, but we're clearly closing in on delivery. Long term lessons here, to second part of your question. It's important, on these fixed price development programs, that we have firm and stable requirements up front. And an understanding when we get to the back end of these programs on certification, as we work through details of concurrent development and production. We still have some items to work through on how we do concurrency and do it efficiently. We're learning on that. And those lessons learned get applied to the next development program. And again, we're confident on the future. And I think this all goes back again to the long term value proposition of the tanker program. It's clear. It's a strong value proposition. We're going to deliver the airplane. It's going to add a lot of value for our customers.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Dominic, let me frame that for you. As you've rightly pointed out, we have been on a trend of reduced employment over the last few years. We've been doing that in a very respectful way, focused on our workforce, leveraging voluntary layoffs and natural attrition. And while that's true to the overall employment levels for our company, it's important to note that underneath that, we have areas of growth and we have other areas of decline. So it's not a one-size-fits-all in terms of that approach. And I think it's worth noting that, while we've come down in overall employment over the last three years, during that same time period, we've actually hired 11,500 new people into The Boeing Company. So you can see the ebbs and flows of the workforce that come with a big global industrial company. Now the most recent action here, as you noted, we've asked a small segment of retirees to come back to help us on some of our production programs in Commercial Airplanes, unique knowledge capabilities where we can quickly apply their expertise to our production lines. Again, that's a normal ebb and flow of the workforce as we work through our production programs. So nothing unusual there from my viewpoint. We're going to continue to be very thoughtful about how we manage our employment levels going forward. And I'm not going to give you specific projections on the future. But it's important that we continue to be respectful of our workforce. We put a lot of value in our people. And when we need to make reductions, we're going to do it in the right way. And when we have growth opportunities, we're going to make sure we hire and build the best talent in the world. In the end, our people are our most important investment, and we're going to continue to operate that way.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Benjamin, let me give you a little context around that again. First of all, really important to understand that our fundamental strategy is strong. We're confident in that strategy. We're going to continue to exercise that strategy. We expect heavy competition in the marketplace, because it's an attractive marketplace. And we like to compete. Competition makes us better. But it's really important that everybody play by the same rules. And that was the reason that we initially brought the trade case. I think as you've seen in the initial determinations by the Department of Commerce, there are questions about the steps that have been taken with the CSeries aircraft. The Department of Commerce will continue to run that process. We expect to see outcomes from that over the next few months. And our position on all of this is that we simply want all the competitors to play by the same rules. And we're trying to do this in a very respectful way. We have great relationships with our customers in Canada, great deal of respect for our Canadian customers. We've been in Canada for 100 years. We have 2,000 direct employees in Canada. We have hundreds of suppliers. We contribute $4 billion of economic base to Canada through our supply chain every year. And we're going to continue to serve our customers there. Likewise, Delta is a very important customer to us. And a great deal of respect for them. We want to continue to work with them and support them for the future. So these are not actions that are targeted at customers or countries. These are matters of fair trade. We are happy to compete. We just want everybody to play by the same rules.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah. Hey, Jon, on your first question, I'm not going to speculate or offer comments on any speculation around conversations we might be having in industry. I'll just go back to the point that we remain very confident in our strategy. We've described that strategy. We've invested in our product lines. We'll put our product lines up against any competitor. We want to compete on a fair and level playing field. And with that, we're very confident in where we're headed. And recent actions that you see that Airbus and Bombardier have announced are not actions that change our game plan. And while we execute our strategy, we're going to continue to evaluate all of our alternatives. As always, we're making a number of organic investments. We evaluate different opportunities for inorganic or partnership models as well. And we're going to continue to keep those options open. And the key here is we have a strategy in place. We're going to grow organically. We are resourced to do that. We're confident in our product line. And we're going to complement that with other inorganic actions. And we're going to stick to that strategic path. Nothing has changed on that front. To your second question on Aurora, I think this dovetails exactly with what I just said. When we have an opportunity to make an acquisition that complements our organic strategy and allows us to advance our overall strategic game plan, we're eager to do that. And Aurora brings leading edge capabilities in unmanned aircraft, commercial technology applications, as you pointed out, an innovative culture, agile culture, advances some of our work on building out our autonomous vertical capabilities. All of those are very valuable. And we are really looking forward to the combination of Boeing and Aurora and what we can together bring to our customers now with this acquisition. And that will include applications in our commercial market segment.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Patty. First of all, again I'll go back to the fundamentals here of we're happy to compete, but it's important that everyone plays by the same rules. That's why we brought the trade case. And we're mindful that while we bring a trade case like this, that there are ripple effects and implications to various customers and country relationships. And we value those relationships. So when we make a decision like this, it's based on the fact that, for the long term, we have to have a fair and equal playing field. And we're mindful of how we're taking our actions on the trade case, so that we respect our customers while we do that. And we do think our long term relationships in the U.K. and Canada will certainly outlast this current trade matter. We've been together, as I said, for 100 years in places like Canada and in the U.K. And we expect those long term relationships to be sustained. And we're going to continue to work with our customers in both countries. Regarding the announcements around production plans and the potential of ramping up a new plant in Alabama. Again the Department of Commerce will go through its evaluation. And I think you've seen in the initial evaluation that there are concerns. It's clear to us that Bombardier's actions on the CSeries, where they have received illegal subsidies and they've exhibited dumping behavior, those will be evaluated by the Department of Commerce. And we'll await the outcome of that evaluation. And we don't see the recent announcements around the partnership plan or new production lines changing that process or changing our position on the fact that the trade matter needs to be addressed. It's important that everybody plays by the same rules.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yes, Glenn, first on your 737 question. You're correct that we're seeing that upward pressure in the marketplace. We are evaluating production rates beyond the 57 a month. That's always part of our due diligence around production rate plans for the future. I think the great thing that you see is our team on the 737 program has found a way to continue to drive efficiency in that line, so that we can accommodate production rate increases within the factory footprint that we have and to deliver the highest value airplane in the marketplace. And you see that with the MAX that's now being introduced and the value proposition to our customers is very clear. So I'm very proud of our 737 team, what they're doing. And that productivity advancement is what is allowing us to look at expanding production rate for the future, both the committed rate to 57 a month as well as options beyond that. And now regarding the Middle of the Market airplane, or NMA, again, we continue our studies there. We haven't made a decision to launch or not launch that airplane. We're continuing to evaluate with customers. We continue to see a potential entry into service in the 2024, 2025 timeframe. So we have time to do our homework and do it well. We do see that as a market segment that is complementary to our 737 market segment. And we don't see those as overlapping segments. So this is really a separate decision. And we'll make that decision based on the business case merits of that marketplace. I can tell you, we're going to be very disciplined about that decision. And we still have work ahead of us.
