Jim McNerney: Thank you, Greg. 2013 was a very successful year for Boeing. We continued to convert our record backlog into deliveries through strong core operating performance that allows us to return cash to shareholders while investing wisely in our products, technologies and people to sustain our growth and competitiveness. Our priorities going into 2014 remained clear. The profitable ramp up in production on our commercial airplane programs, executing on our commercial and defense development programs, driving productivity and affordability throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen the position in our defense business with investments in growth areas amid further international expansion, and importantly, providing increasing value to both our customers and our shareholders. Now, we’d be glad to take your questions. 
Jim McNerney: Okay. They were, Doug, let me just start there and then let me give you some color on 87 and 47. On the 87, I think there is one thing to keep in mind is although we are executing at 10 a month, we are not delivering at 10 a month yet. So you got some transition there of going from 7 a month on the delivery basis to 10, but you got to factor that. And there is a handful of Change Incorp airplanes that are in our guidance going forward for this year and frankly less than last year. So you are taking that into account and then some final deliveries at the end of the year as we work with customers on their ability to take certain amount of airplanes within certain timeframe. So this is all within our expectations. Team is executing very well as you saw from last year’s deliveries, very focused on meeting these objectives in 2014. As you look to 2015, I think you will – if you just kind of calculate on production rates, you will certainly get closer to delivery expectations, but certainly right now, we are focused on meeting our objectives for 2014 and getting these airplanes into the hands of our customer. On the 737, we are making great progress, 38 a month and stabilized at 38 a month. You look at the operating metrics around us operating at 38 a month, we have record low shortages. They are improving flow time on final line and making good progress as we look at production readiness getting to 42 a month. And obviously that will come into play a little bit later this year, so you won’t get the full benefit of the 42 through the balance of the year. But again, that team is executed flawlessly and making rate breaks, keeping the production system stable at the same time looking for opportunities to improve. So that’s kind of how we see at least 87 and 37 deliveries going into this year. 
Jim McNerney: We will break 42 here in around second quarter on a production basis and then the deliveries will start to flow out from there and I think you saw in the 87 we just pushed our first airplane out at 10 month earlier this week. We’re making good progress. 
Jim McNerney: Yes, I think we are pretty much in the same timeframe we talked before. We are at the beginning. We are at the early stages of this. We have certainly, you and I have talked about 37 margin, the 777 margins and particularly 37 through the transition of the NG and the MAX and that certainly has helped. But it’s early on, we have got people obviously that have signed up and we have great partnerships in place to execute that going forward, but we got a lot of opportunity and a lot of work to do from here. And I think again we have good plans in place and we are really engaging with the suppliers and really trying to figure out how do we collectively work together to drive additional productivity and profitability. And again I think we have got some good plans in place to go execute that. It’s going to take time. 
Jim McNerney: Well, I think the big picture here is that a fewer stronger customer franchises out there than the 777 franchise. And there are customers who have invested heavily in this airplane, who are beginning to order the new airplane out in the future. And the reason is it represents incredible productivity versus almost any alternative and whereas we were building a bridge on the 37 in competition with an airplane that was somewhat comparable depending upon who is making the argument. With the 777, we are building a bridge with a franchise that is pretty singular in its strength. And so we do anticipate inability with these customers who are driving the productivity associated with it and the performance associated with it. We anticipate being able to build that bridge over the next number of years as we approach 2020 and then – and beyond with the new airplane. And it’s all about what the alternative would be as they are trying to build lift in the meantime. And so we are working with them on combined orders for the current 777 as well as the new one. And we anticipate at least the same kind of result that we had with the 37. So we are working it and we don’t think the economics of our current projections don’t suggest that the economics is going to change dramatically. Now are we building a hedge with partnering for success and driving internal productivity? That’s the way we live life around here okay? Now the partnering for success will be hitting and some would say this is coincidental but we will be hitting it's mid-stride right around the time that the bridge is being implemented and that’s not by accident. 
Jim McNerney: Well Howard this is a good question I mean I think again just starting at 50,000 feet here for a second, we’re exiting a period where every few years we had a dramatic event and we’re entering a period of 10 years of stability. So that’s the big picture. Now having said that the (indiscernible) was close there, there were emotions on both sides of equation but I think eventually everybody centered on this huge business opportunity we have got with the 777 and we came together. Now, just as in the past every few hours we had to go through a period of rebuilding relationships we now have an opportunity to do it for a 10 year period and I think Ray and his team are reaching out and I would also say that the unions, the union out there is also reaching out. I think both sides I’m seeing signs of both sides seeing the size of this opportunity through the drama, heartfelt as it was and there are still some emotion but I think we’re now focused on the business opportunity. There is more interaction right now between IAM-751 and the management in Seattle than there has been in a long time. I mean I think there is they are beginning to come together. So I think there will be a period where we have to work together where emotions will stay play a rule but I’m convinced for the 10 year opportunity in front of us like we have got I think fairly quickly we’re going to come together and capitalize on that. 
Jim McNerney: Yeah I think with the agreement that we were able to come to with the union that became the best opportunity for the company. You’re right it's capital avoidance versus moving the work, it is using some of the best very best aerospace workers in the world that don’t have to go down the learning curve to get things done. A very committed set of folks around the Boeing brand and around our customer. So this was the right answer for both economic, risk and leadership reasons. Now having said that if we didn’t come to that answer we were prepared to move the work not withstanding some of the risk I mentioned but given the agreement I think this is the right answer for the company and it will benefit us going forward both with our customers and economically. 
Jim McNerney: Okay, Cai, I will take a shot of that. I don’t think I captured all of that, but I am sure you catch me if I don’t. Deferred, there is no change in deferred and then that kind of profile as we have said kind of reaching the $25 billion by late ‘14? So that has not changed in from what we talked prior. And with the ‘13 to ‘14 the biggest driver certainly be in timing and as I said we had some real favorable timing in the fourth quarter that initially we expected to be in early ‘14. The cash taxes, I talked about that, but again when you step back, the cash taxes on the 787 are the result of improved performance on the 787. So continuing to kind of come down that learning curve and improving unit by unit, we are going to pay more in cash taxes. And so there is some headwind in ‘14 that wasn’t in ‘13. And then as I said making the successful transition over on the tanker will have fewer airplanes we will deliver on the 767 this year from last year. So those are the big moving pieces. And then everything beyond that is more rather smaller than those pieces. So that’s what it is. We understand it. Team is very focused on cash management as you have seen over the last couple of years and how we have executed on meeting our objectives and quite frankly exceeding them a couple of years in a row. So it’s early, we are going to stay focused on it. And just one other point, you mentioned A-12, that was a non-cash, so there is no impact there. But again, looking forward, it’s all about us meeting our production rates and coming down on that learning curve on the 787. Those are the two biggest elements as we look forward in continuing to grow cash flow going forward. 
Jim McNerney: Yes, I don’t expect the tooling to be up. There was a one-off in there related to suppliers meeting summit, key performance objectives. So I wouldn’t see that growing over time. The IAM agreement was about $300 million. 
Jim McNerney: Well Ron I will take a swing at that one. I mean my view is that the next 10 years are significantly derisked when compared with the previous 10, okay? And why do I say that? You mentioned derivative elements in the new and the two big programs lie in front of us I would add to Dash-10 to that 787-10, technologies harvested largely from the 787s that have now matured. Lord knows we went through the maturational process not as elegantly as we would have liked but we’re now in a position that we can move those technologies into our new platforms and so it is a huge opportunity because the economics of a new 777 the Dash-10 and the MAX are very strong, customer acceptance as you have seen is very strong and the risk that we will absorb in developing them as well as introducing them into production is I would characterize it as significantly less than we have had over the last 10 years and now that doesn’t mean that these are free throws okay? But just more specifically on a 37 I mean it's basically the same line, there are some changes to the structure obviously and certainly the engine build up and the engine itself is different. 777 will also use the same line you’re right, the developing the wing is something that lies in front of us but it's our fourth generation airfoil with the composite materials [ph] we’re going to use on that wing. So we have got some experience with it, it's bigger but scaling up is something is one kind of a challenge a completely new material for any kind of an airfoil is a totally different kind of challenge, challenge that we observed in the last decade and the Dash-10 the third derivative type program is really a stretch of the Dash-9 with some modifications that actually give us an opportunity to make the Dash-8, Dash-9 and Dash-10 more common. We’re going to use the which will reduce the production risk to the program overall. So whether add a 50,000 foot level or a program by program, we’re highly confident that these are programs where we can harvest the growth opportunity that our customers have told us are there would the huge number of orders with them on all those planes.
Jim McNerney: Absolutely, no regret, I think if you look at the operating performance of virtually any of the 87 family compared with whatever they may do with the A330 and it’s pure speculation Jon as far as I know. I know nothing. The operating advantage that we have is very, very compelling. Now could they build an airplane and lower the price to a point where it brings even on some NPV analysis maybe, but paying for that the development you alluded to and still having it all work would be tough in that kind of environment. So, no, we are highly confident that we have got an answer for anything they might do with the A330. And the 767 as you know is alive and well, selling freighters to great customers like Federal Express and will become the basis of a 40 year plus as some people say I don’t know how long it will be but some people say that the tanker program will last 40 years. That’s a pretty good deployment of that capability in my mind. 
Jim McNerney: I think the IAM deal first of all was a necessary deal that makes this company very competitive, okay? Now in addition we do have a very, very large even after that deal and some other deals that we have cut. We still have a very large pension obligation that we need to address over the next few years and we will address it and we’re not prepared to have a discussion about that today but the principle of dealing with that in a fair and equitable way is something that we’re mindful of but stay tuned. 
Jim McNerney: As for sequestration I think what really happened with the deal the Ryan-Murray deal was sort of one way to think about it simply is that it delayed the full impact of sequestration by 18 to 24 months by about a half, okay? And so it's sequestration still lurks out there. It could be dealt with legislatively again. There is time to have a rational debate about that and in the meantime there is relief for 18 to 24 months so that’s the quick way to think about that and in terms or readiness and Boeing by the way as I think both Greg and I said in our remarks did very well with that incremental funding in terms of program allocation. Supplier readiness, look it's an incredible part of the work that we do to be prepared for this rate breaks. It's growing well we have gone through a series of rate uppers over the last 2 or 3 years. We’re actually entering a period now over the next 2 or 3 years where there is a more, there is the rate changes is dramatic and therefore there will be somewhat less pressure on suppliers but we’re feeling very confident in their ability to deliver the program that we have described to you out in the next few years. 
Jim McNerney: We haven't seen that yet and we have had no sort of leading indicator discussions with people either. So I think from time-to-time we do have these currency flurries. China as they go through their leadership transition, there is some uncertainty and a point or two of slowdown in the overall economy as they try to get their feet underneath them with the new leadership. I don’t think the China story has changed firstly. I see the currency as a country by country. And I think the big picture and so I don’t see an epidemic at this stage. And the other thing to be my flow is that half of the planes we sell are a very, very big value proposition to these airlines. The planes they are replacing are dramatically inefficient versus the ones that we have whether it’s the new 777 and 787. So a 10% move in currency, even the 20% move in currency, is it going to get in the way of providing 30%, 40% improvements in overall economics that these planes have. So we are a little insulated in that way too. 
Jim McNerney: Well, I think this year will be as we look at it, it feels like at least a book-to-bill of 1-to-1 coming up this year. 
Jim McNerney: Well, each customer has different ways of using and operating the airplane. There is also some randomness about it, but 98% which is the average is a pretty good number. About I think about 45% of the fleet is operating above the 98.5%, which is getting closer to our 99% plus objective. So there is just sort of standard randomness, but also some operating things, the operating differences across the airlines, but there is still some software debugging that’s going on. There is some electromechanical systems that have to be replaced a little more often than we want them to be replaced, but all those trends are coming down. And so we remain confident that we are that this year we are going to reach our goal of getting over 99% reliability. 
Greg Smith: I will give you some additional color kind of going from ’13 to ’14 because that is important as you think about timing because we certainly had some very favorable timing late in the year that was really more expected to be in ’14 so you kind of got a step back and look at the guide, recognize where we’re in the year and then at the same time look at 2013 performance and as you saw from the guidance we issued we far exceeded that. So timing is a big aspect of this from ’13 to ’14 as well as cash taxes. So as we continue to make improvements on 787 unit cost obviously we will pay more in cash taxes and that will continue going forward. Now that will also be long term, be more than offset by us continuing to execute on the rate increases we have talked about and continued focus on 787 unit by unit profitability and that’s ultimately going to continue to drive the cash flow profile over the long term. Another moving piece as I mentioned in my remarks from ’13 to ’14 is 767 deliveries which again planned out lower production rate as we successfully transition from commercial on to tanker transition. So again well planned out, we know we need to do there and then from there really lower volume at BDS but those are really the big moving pieces from 2013 to ’14. Now to answer your question kind of more long term and I partially address this earlier but the fact is again when you step back and think about you know our production rates and what we need to do to execute on those rates and again 787 unit by unit profitability that’s what’s going to drive the cash flow profile throughout again kind of over the long term so we feel very comfortable with that and I think as you saw by our cash deployment announcements on the repurchase and the dividend you know we have the confidence in our ability to do that and return good portion of that cash back to shareholders. 
Greg Smith: No I would tell you, you know certainly you know think about where we’re in deferred and I would kind of put the peak more out in the 2016 going forward timeframe and again that’s I think the production rate increases over that time as we talked about on 87 in particular and then the unit cost progression and improvement on 87. 
Greg Smith: Yeah I think Joe certainly the performance on the core programs was the biggest driver in fourth quarter, particularly 37 and 777, so they executed very well. To your point, very tight controls over the period expense, R&D and other elements that supporting a bit, so just good solid execution from the team on there. As you look forward into 2014, certainly we have the dilution of the 787 as being one of the bigger contributors at the same time, a slightly higher R&D as we peak out on MAX, but really start to get ramping up on Dash 10 and 777X. And then again slightly more forecasted on period expense as we double our production on 87 and get more customers in our fleet and how we are supporting those customers initially as they take deliveries. So those are kind of the moving pieces. Team is very focused on driving productivity. We are continuing to make investments on streamlining. I talked about the production flow on the 87 and the 37, but we are continuing to look for further opportunities there and making more investments frankly over this period in things like automation and productivity tools than we have in the past. So team is very focused on executing and meeting these objectives. 
Greg Smith: Yes. Well, let me maybe start there and then I will bring you back to deliveries, but certainly when you look at flow time, you look at unit cost at Charleston whether it’s final, mid or at, it made great progress there. And the team has been very focused on continuing that progress going forward. We have experienced some – a higher number of jobs behind the schedule in the mid-body section and that’s really due to if you think about it you are introducing the Dash 9 at the same time going to 10 a month. And just a reminder, a most significant structural change in the airplane going from a Dash 8 to a Dash 9 is in the mid-body. So to address this, we have applied additional resources, we know how to do this and we will get those jobs back to what we view as a more acceptable level. So we got mitigation plans. They are building at 10 a month. And as you have seen, we just finished that first airplane at 10 a month. So we know what to do here. We got the right people addressing it. And this is again, this is just all part of bringing this program up to a wide-body rate that obviously has never been done and they are doing it successfully. But there is going to be points in the production system where you are going to have to put additional resources from time-to-time and this just happens to be one of them but stepping back from there that team is doing a great job as is obviously the team endeavor [ph]. On the 87 deliveries for the year yeah there is fewer EMC, some of that’s customer, some of that is that the airplanes that are in flow this year are longer flow. So they have more outstanding work to be completed and some of them had in 2013 so you kind of got to take that into consideration and then at the same time as I mentioned you have got additional flow in there for Dash-9 again progressing well but as we got to introduce that into the production system and get the flow time being equal on the Dash-8 to the Dash-9 there is some transitional period there and then of course on top of that we’re introducing 17 new customers in 2014 so there is some consideration for that through the 2014 delivery. So those are kind of the big moving pieces within 87 deliveries. 
Greg Smith: Yes, I think you will see a higher number this year, Sam. And we are obviously, as I said, we are committed to executing on that balance deployment, the $10 billion of authorization in the dividend. So I think I said before plus or minus 80%, it’s going to vary from year-to-year, but I expect this to be north of that in 2014. So we are committed to doing that. 
Greg Smith: Yes, it depends. It’s kind of flat. It’s about $1.2 billion, $2 billion. So you are seeing a slight increase there in ‘14. And again that the Dash 9 coming down 37 MAX picking up in investment and that will peak in ‘15 and then again early introduction on the 777X and the 10X. So those are kind of the big moving pieces in ‘14. As you look to kind of ‘15 and now and certainly, we are early in having that discussion, but we are going through program by program and doing what Jim said where are we leveraging our prior investments in technology, where are we applying replication and really where are we leveraging in kind of key technologies that we have on other programs, real obviously team focus on. Affordability and disciplined operating rhythm around R&D expenditures and I think frankly you saw some results of that in ‘13. So we are continuing to kind of work through the next three to five years on that profile, but again, real focus on affordability there. 
