David Calhoun: Thanks, Greg. Thanks for everything as you know. On behalf of the Board and the entire Boeing team, I want to thank Greg for his incredible contributions and his dedication to Boeing and its people. His remarkable leadership has made a significant and lasting impact for our company, for our customers, and for our stakeholders. Thanks to Greg's efforts, Boeing has -- also has had the benefit of very solid teams across the function that he oversees, people I've gotten to know quite well. As we build on Greg's legacy, we're not searching for a new strategic direction. We will engage in a comprehensive and thoughtful search process for a world-class executive with the talent and skills commensurate with the high level that Greg has set. This process will encompass executives within Boeing and across the external market. We're well positioned for the future, and we will continue to transform our business to not just navigate through this pandemic but to ensure that we emerge stronger and more resilient for the long term. While there's no question that COVID-19 has had a profound impact on our industry, we view this year as a key inflection point as positive signs begin to emerge. As governments around the world accelerate vaccine distribution, people are getting back to work, and global economies are beginning to get back to business. And as they do, we are proud of our role in enabling travel to connect people, to connect businesses, and importantly to connect cultures. As we face into the challenges at hand, we remain steadfast in our commitment to quality, safety, integrity, and transparency. Through it all, I am proud of how our team continues to stay focused on our customers and their important missions, and I'm confident in our future. With that, Greg and I will be happy to take your questions. Thank you.
David Calhoun: Yes, there's probably not much I can add there, but I am -- I'll just add my confidence that as production rates begin to return to what we would consider ultimately normal and then above, we should get more leverage than we've ever gotten simply because of all the actions that we've taken with respect to the fixed and readiness to serve costs that are out there. But maybe even a bigger part is the stability we will bring back to the production lines themselves, so that as we move the rates up, we can do so in a stable fashion. There is enormous productivity attached to that track. So, I agree with all the comments that Greg made, I would just add that commentary.
David Calhoun: Yes, it's a great question. I want to be -- I want to split that market. Let's put it that way. That's the way it's played out historically. They do better in some segments of that market, and we do better in other parts of that market with respect to the products that we field. And I'm confident we can get there. What I will say about this is, I can't make up for the production gap that we created on our own right for that entire year. I can't make up for that. And so, I'm not going to try to regain that ground. I'm simply from this point forward going to try to hold our own with respect to what I think is our rightful share. I will also bring the rates back in the most stable fashion I can conceivably bring them. So, I will pace that. And I think that is good for Boeing and I think that is really good for shareholders. So, it's all a question over what period of time do you want to measure it? I'm confident that over a longer period of time, we'll get back to where we need to get to. And I'm confident in the product line, and I always have been and I continue to be, and I think some of the recent activity suggests that. When you look at the applications that we're actually putting our airplanes to work for, I think we're in a pretty decent place. So, -- it's a great question though.
David Calhoun: Well, it's the former. I'm quite confident that recovery in this country is coming, and it's probably coming sooner than most anywhere with the exception of China. But when you look broadly around the world, it's not quite as robust. And so, this year is still going to be a rough and tumble year for most countries around the world, including Europe. And that is the issue, is when did they project that they're going to come out and then will the order activity pick up in each of those markets the same way it has picked up here in the United States, and I'm confident that it will and that we will get over those gaps, but it's uncertain in a lot of countries around the world. And then the final and very important stride is we've got to reinstate our trade relationship in aerospace with China. That's a big part of the market long term. It's important that we get our share -- our fair share of that market, which historically has always been at 50%, a little more when you consider all the widebody activity. And we need to get back to that stage. I believe that will happen but it's going to take a little time.
David Calhoun: If I could add just one thing is, we -- our pause went on longer than I think anybody wanted it to, maybe even including us except for that pause we directed an awful lot of energy, a lot of cost and a lot of effort to remove the nagging rework loops that existed for quite some time. So our ability to now climb down that rework curve, get back to real standard operations with fewer constraints to get us ready for a return on rate, I'm highly confident that that's exactly the way this is going to play out. So, it was purposeful with respect to that pause the amount of work that we took on.
David Calhoun: Yes. Thank you. No, this issue has been hanging around for quite a while, but we have a new administration in place in the United States. I don't want to -- I didn't want to walk in their office on the first day when they're trying to come to grips with their own strategies with respect to China broadly, and I'm glad they're doing that. But we're now at a stage where the focus on the economic recovery here in the United States on the part of the administration as well as now getting their feet a little firmer on the ground with respect to China relations. It's time for us to just point out the economic implications of trade with China in the aerospace industry and commercial aviation specifically. They're significant. You all know that. And so, we're just hoping to get everybody incentivized and lobby both sides. We have great relationships in China. We have firm orders on the books with China, but we need to get the order stream going again, and I'm confident that that will happen, but this just happens to be the moment to begin to talk about that broadly, and that's why you saw me talk about it on the call this morning and in this discussion. We're just going to make sure that our administration knows the importance of getting those relationships straight. I think trade is good for everybody. I think they do too, but we've got to work our way through that and give them the time to process.
David Calhoun: Well, it will eventually. If we drag out all the way through the year, it eventually relates -- will impact the recovery of our rates, not so much the rates that exist as we exit the year. So, the pace of that recovery of those rates is what it may impact. And anyways narrowbodies before widebodies, but -- so that's it. It is what it is.
David Calhoun: Yes. Well, I completely reject that argument, and of course, I would, but we have maintained and sustained -- it's actually quite remarkable in light of everything we face, but we have sustained all the important research investments that we've been making. We've sustained all of the development programs that were in the works and they're not insignificant, and we've added resource to those development programs as reflected in the accounting adjustments we made at the end of last year. They represent that we put time and we put more cost into these programs. We didn't make -- take less. So, I'm actually very confident. I think we have removed an awful lot of duplication of effort, and Greg can give you that in living color, especially with respect to overlapping technology development programs between our BDS and our commercial world. So anyway, I'm confident in our future, and I think the level of investment we put into our research and development differentiators compared to our competitors, I feel great about. I feel great about it. That's the benchmark we care the most about. So, anyway that would be my commentary. I'll turn it over to Greg.
David Calhoun: No, no. This is more about, how the airplanes move from position to position as opposed to the applied work itself. And at the end of the day, we're going to be at a rate probably this month at 10 or 12 airplanes, and that just demonstrates that that's what we can do. And we're going to hold that rate for as long as we can depending on customers and their ability to get in and take deliveries. It's -- again, as I said before, the trick in this one is the logistics of all of the customers coming in and out and then how we move these planes through position. The applied work itself, that's pretty clear and it's getting more productive every day. So, we're in a pretty good place on that front.
David Calhoun: But I just want to remind everybody, but they -- that they had a little trouble as well. These programs are big and they're complicated. So, the idea that we fix everything, I'm not sure, I can sign up for that. The idea that we're going to be a whole lot better, I can sign up for it. And the work we've done to align our engineering function broadly, everybody inside the company has signed up for that endeavor and feels great about it. The work we've done with respect to the safety management system that surrounds that engineering function and which they lead in behlf of the company, it avails itself to new data to a faster cycle time with respect to how our company processes that data and ultimately makes decisions around that data. And a reinvestment in the fundamental design practices of the company that will instill disciplines that we just need to get better and better at, and everybody in the company signed up to do this, and we're making real investments in that process. So, I feel very, very, very good about all of that. And it will -- it does not mean, that in a flight test somewhere along the way we don't run into an issue that needs to get resolved. And so, it is the nature of our industry to do big things and do them very well. So anyway, I'm confident that these transformation efforts are significant. I'm also confident on this production stability which goes hand-in-hand with engineering. We've taken actions over this -- really hard actions over this course of this year to stop things when we see an issue and get them fixed once and for all, and the 87 in Q1 was a glaring example of that. These fit and finish issues with respect to the joints in our fuselages were just nagging problems, difficult problems, and we applied real engineering talent and expertise to that, new process controls, new lines of communication with our supply side so that we're not surprised by that stuff anymore and we can eliminate rework loops that ultimately travel with the product. I could go on and on and on and on and on, but I think some of the signs should be very apparent to you and to our customers.
David Calhoun: Yes. Yes, and I expect the next product to get differentiated probably in a significant way on the basis of the way it's engineered and built and less dependent on the propulsion package that goes with it.
David Calhoun: Yes. So, there's a lot that goes into this, but I think it's important that everyone understand. Most often when a new airplane is developed by either side, it is usually developed around a propulsion package that offers 15% to 20% improvement with respect to efficiency versus the one it's displacing. That's the way it's happened over a long period of time. I don't believe the next generation of engine can deliver that kind of performance. And then therefore, whatever cost efficiency ultimately and whatever performance advantages are derived from the next airplane in my view are going to come from the way it's engineered and the way it's manufactured all with a focus on a lower cost per seat when we get it out to the marketplace, and yes, a more sustainable package with respect to environment. So that's what we all have to be focused on. I like the pressure that puts on the manufacturers. That means the technologies we deploy are our technologies. We've done an awful lot of fantastic work in our defense programs with respect to using engineering modeling and then manufacturing processes that tap that engineering modeling directly, create parts that can be assembled in one motion with great efficiency. Secondly, we've invested as you know in composites in our platforms for a very, very long time. The learning curves associated with getting efficient at composite development are significant. I believe Boeing has a huge advantage on that front, and so how we bring that engineering modeling, the composite development work that we've done over these years, and then quick, simple assembly like we've demonstrated with the trainer airplane and other defense programs, we have to do it at scale and we have to prove to ourselves we can do it at scale. But in my view, those are going to be the advantages to that next airplane that gets developed, and I just love where Boeing is positioned on that front when the time comes.
Greg Smith: Yes. Sheila, I think, as I mentioned in my remarks and obviously, I'll let Dave weigh in here, but it's really tied to burning off that inventory and then the production rates associated and particularly with the 737. So very similar to what we talked about on cash and revenue trajectory, earnings and margin are going to be very much on the same trajectory. But also, as we've talked about under the umbrella of business transformation, we've been really -- as we've been in this period, we've been challenging all aspects of the business and looking for opportunities to streamline but at the same time never losing sight of the future. So, as you've seen from as we posted last year, we continue to make significant investments in the business and we will. But at the same time, we're going to still stay very focused on the business transformation efforts that should help -- continue to help that trajectory as we see the market improve and then our ability to increase production rates associated with that improved market, but I'll let Dave weigh in as well.
Greg Smith: No absolutely. Yes. And actually, Carter you got it right. I mean it's all those other moving pieces that are obviously unusual and didn't exist in the prior quarter. So, once we kind of get through that and get kind of to a normalized pace, you'll see deferred continue on the trajectory that we've outlined before. But near term to your point, there's a lot of moving pieces in there. They're weighing into that number that are not, I would say sitting on a normalized level, but . But it will once we start continuing delivery. And long-term, like I said, we will be on the same path as we've talked about before. And like I said on a …
Greg Smith: Between the rework and building inventory and storing aircraft, it's all that that's weighing in the current period that obviously will not be experiencing once we -- even when we start ramping up, which is as Dave indicated earlier what we've already started. So, like I said, before long, you'll see that back at a normalized, I'll say level of burn. Outside of that, like I said cash -- unit cash basis, programs really doing a great job and really holding up well at a very low rate. And again, that's a testament to all the hard work that's gone on over the years on stabilizing the factory and the operations and the productivity initiatives. So, you're seeing the benefit of that. So, as the rate kind of stabilizes and goes up and we certainly deliver those inventoried aircraft, that's going to be a big driver as I mentioned on cash flow between the balance of this year and then going into 2022.
Greg Smith: Yes. No surprise. I completely agree. And, look I think you’ve got -- also got to step back. We've invested over $60 billion over the last 10 years, and that has all been in key technologies and programs and all efforts within our factory, within our space. So, we have not been short on investment by any means. And you saw even last year in the middle of the pandemic, we continued to make the appropriate investments in the right area of the business. And I'd say even in some cases, we've made more investment like on the 737 line in order to capture stability on the other end, as Dave indicated. It's ultimately going to be great for our company but great for our industry and our partners. So, in a lot of cases, we've moved money or shifted money or even added money in some cases because we're playing a long game here and we're looking for areas where we have constraints or where as Dave said we have duplication of effort. And we're just challenging ourselves also in what's best-in-class, even down to program levels of layers and spans around leadership and what constraint they have down at a program level, and how can we remove those constraints, so -- but not losing sight of the future. And quite frankly, making some of these moves that are going to provide even more stability going forward as Dave indicated, and that's the whole idea that as 37 rate comes up, we see better stability coming out of this than we did going in, and it's no different on any of the other programs. So -- and yes, there’s lots being done here and there are going to be -- continue to be lots being done, but I think I can speak on behalf of everybody, no losing sight of the future here and it's all about helping our workforce, helping our suppliers, and driving stability that ultimately will be good for the entire industry.
Greg Smith: Yes. No, what I said was that the first quarter was the more challenging one. It's going to be plus or minus month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter. So, it’s going to be a little bumpy David, but it's going to play right back into Dave's comment just prior on the 87 delivery profile that's not linear. So, it's again laid out in detail, but it's not exactly the same month over month or quarter over quarter, so all that's going to play in. But look, everybody is working extremely hard obviously to meet our commitments to our customers', get these aircraft reworked appropriately and then of course get -- continue the delivery and the same thing on the 737, and that's what's going to get us to a better profile by the end of the year. But I'd expect it to be lumpy quarter-over-quarter between and particularly the second and third quarter, and then some -- I think on a better trajectory in the fourth quarter.
Greg Smith: Yes. Look, I don't think it's any different than we have been thinking about it since the beginning, which is we're looking around corners and playing out options and making sure we have them and understanding the second and third order effect. And to your point, some of them -- sequence of these sometimes matters and the timing of them matters. So, I think the big takeaway should be that we're going to constantly review the capital structure and the strategy and the long-term strength of the balance sheet. And with that, we're going to keep all our options open and on the table. But how we think about it is again not just as a base case, but we just -- as we have just keep looking around corners and understanding what levers would we pull and when would we need to pull them and what would be the implications of doing that. And as I said on the call that as we see it today, we don't see a need for additional liquidity, but also as you've seen how we've handled the bank line and extended our credit facility, we’re making sure that we've got all the right things in place if we need to go there. And if we do, we'll be prepared to do so.
