David Calhoun: Yes, not much to add. Just a reminder that in November, when we did finally set out guidance for all of our investors, we described an environment that would continue to be strained through 2023 and through most of 2024. We still see the world exactly that way. Demand is as robust, if not more than what we had thought back in November, and so we remain confident.   So thanks for your time, and let's take some questions. 
David Calhoun: Yes, Myles, I appreciate the question. This particular defect, I happen to take a look at it, by the way, along with the rest of my Board. We happen to have our shareowner meeting shortly after the issue came to our attention.   It's not only a defect. It's in that app section of our airplane and very difficult to visibly assess. In fact, it's impossible to visibly assess once the process to do it is complete. So without witnessing firsthand that process in action, you're not likely to find it from that point forward. It's -- process was not standard. And importantly, there was a ceiling that was applied on top of the fitting that made it impossible to notice any cracks.   So it's just one of those. Again, no safety implications. The margins in our designs provide for significantly greater safety protection. So anyway, I don't ever accept and I hope you don't think we might ever accept that where these things go on, but this one, in particular, very, very difficult, no matter how many people you put in the field or that Spirit puts out there to see.   Anyway, the good news is we've now been through the unveiling of the issue. We've been through the rework procedures, both on the captured fuselages in our factory that have not yet gone through the subsequent stages. And we've already looked at finished good airplanes where we have to remove the fin in order to get at it.   And these are all now defined work scopes. And now we just get more efficient in the process of doing that reworking. That's why we're confident in our guidance.  But again, we don't accept them. They are, without a doubt, over time, becoming more manageable. And things like this, I will celebrate the fact that an employee witnessed the procedure and raised his hand and said, "That doesn't look right." That is the only way that we would have ultimately found out about it. And I'm encouraging everybody in our supply chain, if they see something of that sort, to raise their hand. 
David Calhoun: So let me start from the back end and work my way toward the front end. As you might imagine, when you go from 2 to 1 and you optimize that 1 and you don't transport parts from one to another, you expect higher margins, and we do, and I'm confident we will achieve that.   With respect to investment, this has a lot less to do with physical investment in equipment and more to do with how we route things through that factory. Today, our factory is pretty constrained because we have this joint verification effort that has taken up lots of space, both inside the factory and we continue to do that workup up in Everett.   So we have got to work our way through that. We have a team that works full time planning the new routings in the factories, and we're confident we can get it to 10. I don't think -- not only don't think, we don't see a big demand on investment to get us from what you noted as 7 to 10. So it's just going to take us time, and we've got to remove that joint verification effort from our business. 
David Calhoun: Noah, on the finished goods, by the way, it's two things to keep in mind. One, we are largely through a couple of them already. So -- and we are defining the scope of that work and again, measured in a few weeks, not measured in months. And so we're confident in that.  But the other thing to keep in mind on the finished goods is you know we have a big conformance work scope now even without that defect. A lot of that work can get done concurrently, so it's not a pure add. 
David Calhoun: Yes. Let me comment on pricing, particularly on the wide-body world. Nobody is sold-out. We're just all selling further out. So we still compete and then we -- the deliveries themselves are important competitive factor in everything that we go for and then pricing follows.  So the implication that the pricing environment is firming is probably a solid point of view, and we don't discuss pricing on these calls other than to suggest that as tight as the market is, it's both the prospect of when you get your airplane and the price itself. And each and every competition, we all do what we got to do. I will say I'm very happy and pleased with the orders that we have won, and I'm sure Airbus says the same. 
David Calhoun: Yes. Let me start. I want to make sure -- I want to speak out of both sides of my mouth here, if you don't mind. Number one, all of our guidance, all of our expectations are predicated on no China. So everything that we've discussed by way of production rate, supply constraints and demand in the marketplace does not factor that in, and I want to be clear about that.  On the other hand, we are working very hard to regain China. And if and when we're able to do that, it takes risk out of the delivery of the finished goods inventory simply because there's less work to do in getting the airplanes to their originally intended customer.  But it doesn't change much by way of production rates or anything along those lines because we're already -- our rates all the way out to 50 and beyond are constrained by supply. They're not -- these are not demand rates. I think we could add plenty if I thought the supply could meet it.  So -- and with respect to how I think we should think about future orders, all I know is that every next order and they're sizable, and there are plenty in play as we speak, deliveries are further and further out. So now we're out, believe it or not, in the 30s.  So it's -- I think that's the best way to just think about it, what does the backlog support in terms of deliveries over what period of time. And right now, we're out competing in years far out, 5, 6, 7 years. 
David Calhoun: Cai, let me start with a reminder, and then I'll let Brian mention one or two good guys. Sort of the tanker advance, we had always counted on. So it may have come a little earlier because of their need to get tankers in the field. But that was always counted on.  But what we did when we gave you that guidance is we did not, like I said, expect the supply chain to come ripping back, and we never have any problems. So there was some judgment applied when we gave the range that we would have to live through some of these things.  Now I would suggest that one or two of these might have been a little tougher than things we were thinking about, but not much. And so anyway, that was factored into our guidance. And that will continue -- that factor continues all the way into 2024. So Brian, you might want to comment on a couple of individual things. 
David Calhoun: Yes. Again, I don't want anything to get misinterpreted here. The China market, which in my view has always been the issue with respect to taking deliveries of airplanes, has come back as robustly as anyone might have imagined. And domestic travel now is at the pre-pandemic level and will continue to grow. So they need airplanes.  And so I'll just sort of state as a fact that our customers, in my view, are going to need more airplanes in the relatively near to medium term. And this is a pretty easy way for them to satisfy that need.  So rather than get involved in any geopolitical discussion because no geopolitical discussion is actually required here. It's -- we have orders on the books. We have airplanes on the tarmac. And so this is just a nod from the Chinese government that they would like to take delivery of their airplanes.  So that is the situation as it exists. And I'm going to stick with sort of my posture, if you don't mind, that all of our guidance and all of our activities are going to assume that the best things don't happen. And if they do, then we will welcome that news and get back to all of you. 
David Calhoun: Well, I'll be optimistic about the labor contract. I think as you might guess, I suspect their workers know the situation they're in. They know that they've got to deliver for Boeing, and my guess is they'll all get to a palatable answer. It's not my control, so you'll have to ask Tom about that.  I am confident in their ability to ramp with us. We were on a steady course to keep them ahead of us in this ramp rate, and they were on a reasonable course there. This last defect will slow them down in measures in weeks and months, not in years and will not impede their ability to get to our rate increases.  We're going to stay present with Spirit. We're in their factories, we're talking to their people. As I said, there's a couple of ways you can look at this issue that came up. Like I said, it's normally -- it was difficult to find, but an employee raised their hand and noticed a bad procedure and everybody jumped on it.  Within a week, we had this resolved with the FAA. We had a clear picture of the airplanes that were impacted, and we were all at work on the rework. That is a signal of a healthy supply chain, not a weak one.  And so we're going to maintain that attitude. We're going to continue to work constructively with Spirit. Brian mentioned you our willingness to advance them cash during this moment while they go through their recovery stages. So yes, we're going to stay constructive.  I have confidence that Tom and the team at Spirit can get ahead of this. And I -- and we have been on the rate increase request and supply chain requests with them for quite some time, and we are confident they can get there. 
David Calhoun: Yes, I'm not going to speculate on that. I'm going to assume that our supplier and the workforce at our supplier are good enough and smart enough and can play far enough ahead to not worry about that. 
David Calhoun: And if I just think in my short 3 years or maybe it feels long, we made a lot of changes to services, and we tightened up the capital disciplines in a pretty significant way. They all leaned in favor of higher margin, more intellectual property content in our work that we do.  And of course, we now have a supply-constrained market around that. So I'm not surprised these margins have expanded, and I'm not expecting them to go down. I think the team is doing a great job. 
Brian West: Yes. Thanks, Sheila, for the question. Broadly speaking, as we've said, margins will be a bit volatile this year and the next as we do a couple of big things. First, we got to liquidate the 37 and 87 inventory levels as well as shutting down those shadow factories. We also have to move through the abnormal expenses on the 87, the 777 and then prepare to ramp rates.  So it will be a little up and down as we move through and get out and get out of next year.   In terms of the near term, I did indicate last month that the first quarter BCA margins would be lower than fourth quarter, and that's for things like the abnormal and things like the lower volume. 2Q will also be negative.  But as we move into the back half of the year, the margins will improve. And of course, as Dave mentioned, by the time we get to '25, '26, we still see a path to get BCA back to the double-digit margins that you all recognize. So we got to work through what's in front of us. It's clearly defined, and we just got to execute. 
Brian West: And Doug, as it turns to margin, on the program margin side, we fully expect by the '25, '26 time frame to have 87 margins that are higher than they were back in '18. And it will be because of things like this consolidation to Charleston.   And also on the cash front, on the unit margin perspective, 87 margins will get better on the improved -10 content as well as the benefits that Dave described of consolidating in Charleston. So we think we've got a good plan in front of us, and we are very focused on 10. 10's the number, and there's like execution that's underwriting that. 
Brian West: Yes. Let's start with that back end. So we will have a plan to get to 38. In terms of subsequent ramps to higher numbers, let's let that take care of itself. Let's focus on getting to 38. And we still believe that 50 is the number in '25, '26.  And in terms of the near term, so in terms of what's in front of us, we know barrel by barrel in Spirit's factory and obviously, we know everyone in our factory in terms of what's got to get done. If the unit is not too far into the production -- our production cycle, the time to take to repair one of these, it's days.  As you have the vertical fin on an airplane, obviously, it's more complicated, then it takes more time. But we will sort our way out. In the near term, getting back to production levels that are normal will be months.  In terms of the inventory that we've described, the 225 finished goods inventory, 75% of those are going to have to have this fix. The good news is that this will not take us off our path to liquidate that inventory in the 37 of 225 by the -- largely by the time we get out of 2025. It's going to cost a little bit more. We provided for that -- 2024 rather, yes, liquidated by 2024. It will take a little bit more cost, but we factored that into our closing position in the first quarter.  So all in all, we think we know what's in front of us and working closely with Spirit. And as we move our way out of the short-term recovery, then we get back to an area we can start to get to the 38. And I think that the -- for us, the biggest thing is that, one, we're calling it out; and two, we have not changed the master schedule. And that's a big deal. We want to make sure that the supply chain keeps pace as we move our way through the rest of the year. 
Brian West: And in your clarification question, the first part, that 38 is the final assembly number. So right now, it's at 31, movement of 38 sometime later in the year. 
Brian West: They know the fix there, they know the scope, and they're going to start delivering clean ones imminently. So we feel good about what they've got to go do. Of course, the harder work is on our end for something that's in finished goods inventory. 
Brian West: Yes, just a couple of things. Thanks for the question, Cai. On the first quarter, 87 deliveries were a little light. We'll make that back up in the rest of the year. You mentioned the tanker benefit. That's something that we always plan for later in the year. The customer just wanted to get it done a bit sooner, which we think is good. So that's the first quarter.  And then in the second quarter, as I mentioned, we'll be in more of a breakeven position largely because of the 737s that are going to push out. But again, it's going to be back half benefit.  In the second half, as I think about the acceleration, it's going to be the 37 recovery, the 37 rate ramp. And there's going to be wide-bodies that are going to accelerate across the board, 777, 87, 67. So all of that's contemplated. And we've still got high conviction along that range. High end might be a little bit pressured, but we're committed to delivering that commitment of $3 billion to $5 billion. 
Brian West: Yes. It's a matter of months, Kristine. Thanks for the question. It's a matter of months, and the inventory is all contemplated in our forward look. It's not anything we worry too much about. In fact, again, another indication of how we're thinking about this, we're perfectly comfortable keeping everyone at pace and hold a little buffer.  We think that's a better alternative than keeping it a little bit too close to the wire. And we're going to keep having that posture, and that's going to help us get to 38 and then beyond. 
Brian West: Yes. Thanks for the question. We love the service business, right? It's a franchise that goes on for years and years and years. And the good news is, is that, as Dave mentioned, on the commercial side, we're back to pre-pandemic levels. That's a healthy sign. And the team is very focused on profitable, capital-efficient growth. And that's important in the service business. So I think we're set up very well.  The quarter, a little bit of a mix benefit. But overall, we're set up very well to deliver a mid-single-digit revenue growth business with mid-teens margins and a high cash flow conversion just like we set out in November. And we get more and more confident about that business and the team that's running it. So I think it's going to accrue to our benefit over the next several years. 
