Brian West: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So the question, the inventory build is right in front of us as we make this investment for stability. The way I would think about going forward, we were on the 737 to start with. Our delivery rates in April, May were in the mid-teens. June, we did 35. July, we'll do somewhere in that ZIP code. So we are seeing demonstrated progress as we continue to move forward and rent in to stabilize and get better. So the progress evidence is there, and we expect that to continue as we move through the second half and, of course, then the inventory will begin to unwind. But it's really predicated on the continued progress. And as I mentioned, that third line in Renton is a very big deal for us to get moving as well resuming deliveries to China. So all those indications suggest that production is moving in the right direction, we're making progress and the inventory will unwind. On the 87, similarly, as I mentioned, second quarter, we had nine deliveries. In July, we've already got about six. So again, good progress, despite having some real supply chain constraints, as you mentioned. Those constraints aren't going to go away immediately, but they're going to get better. We've got a game plan in place. And we do believe that we'll get to that five per month as we get to the end of the year. And again, that inventory will liquidate as production performance improves.
Brian West: So Spirit has done a very nice job. We watch it very closely, but Dave had a nice steady improvement. They're ramping their way up. We've got confidence, Pat and the team. And we believe that we will be able to fill that third line, and we believe that that we'll be able to get to 38 per month as we get to the back half of the year.
Brian West: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Sheila, for the question. So the working capital drag has been pretty meaningful in the first and second quarter, and it's the inventory as well as the advances as deliveries have been lower. Now the third quarter is going to be a similar working capital drag as it was in the first and second quarter. Inventory will still be a headwind, albeit a smaller one. And the advanced timing will be an additional headwind, which, again, that will gradually improve over time with deliveries. And we're seeing that customers are applying excess advances and lowering advanced payments as they want to see delivery performance improve. So, we've just got to deal with that timing because once the factory moves and we start delivering, all of that will unwind on both the advances and the inventory. But it is going to take us time to do that. Now, in the third quarter, deliveries will be better, but we still have these working capital headwinds. In the fourth quarter, we're going to have stronger deliveries. We're going to have real working capital improvement. And I'd also mentioned that we're going to have tanker 11 that we expect. So, the -- these cash flows can move fairly meaningful quarter-to-quarter and it's all predicated on our ability to deliver and get the factory stable and getting it improved. So that's the way we're thinking about the back half on cash.
Brian West: So, we've always said 10, but at any given moment, if that kind of moves a little bit given what's in front of us, we can be comfortable. I think there's a broader question around we're constantly looking at liquidity. You saw that with what we did in May. You saw that in how we treated the Spirit transaction. So, right now, we're comfortable with where we're at and how we get to the end of the year.
Brian West: So, both, to answer your question. We do have the excesses that people are applying as well as people are withholding the PDPs until they get that delivery structure -- delivery schedule more stable. So, it's both. I mean, what you saw in the quarter that we had a pullback of about $1 billion on the advance balance. Those two things are both happening in that balance, and we expect that in the second half to continue. But when we start to deliver with predictability, all that will begin to unwind. So, this really is timing. And it's timing over quarters is our best guess, and it's all, again, predicated on our ability to get deliveries in a different position.
Brian West: The $800 million is really the inventory specifically. The advance was not meaningful at this moment. It's the inventory that is the real one that we're dealing with, which, again, is the investment in the entry into service.
Brian West: Yes, David, I'm just not smart enough right at this moment to say whether it's 5 or 10. As you know, as we ramp deliveries, it's pretty meaningful movement in our cash balance. So I'm going to steer away from trying to get more specific. It will be a usage and we're working our way through it. And as we work through the timing elements, we know as we move forward, that's going to go in the right direction. In terms of the question around rating agencies, we are in regular conversations with all three rating agencies. They like us, are all focused on the operating performance of the company, our ability to generate free cash flow and the absolute debt reduction. And we tell them what we consistently said to everyone, the investment grade is the number one priority. And as we regularly monitor our liquidity, if we were able to bump up against maturities or do what it takes to protect that rating, period. And we've been consistent since April 2020 on that front and evidenced by the Spirit financing decision. So, we stay ready, we stay agile. That rating is the priority.
Brian West: Well, the good news on the last part of the question is the backlog is pretty robust and we just had some terrific performance of the air show on the wide-body front. I would say, in general, 777X cash is going to look similar all of the other development programs. We used cash prior to the entry in service. You've seen that. I talked about the $800 million this quarter. That's been consistent. And that is all driven by the natural inventory build as we prepare for that entry and service. Now, we also know that it will turn positive about a year after EIS as deliveries begin to ramp. And that will play out in a very normal way that most development programs play out. And yes, it's going to be underwritten by that robust backlog that we have a high confidence in and the customers love the airplane. So, we feel pretty good, and these are just investments and timing. And over the long term, it's going to be a great payoff.
Brian West: So in terms of your question around the 737 rate ramps, keep in mind, beginning part of this year, we were very, very low production, like single digit. And now we're getting to the point in June, July where we're kind of mid-20s. And August will likely be an improvement ahead of that. But then we're going to have a nice steady ramp through the back half of the year, again, predicated on a successful Line 3 being brought to bear and also the China resumption. So everything we see, we've got the labor, we've got the inventory, we've got the fuselages, it's all lined up for us to continue to improve our delivery ramp. And that's on us to go execute it. So we feel good about the progress we've made, and we've got proof points that says, a real ability to hit our 38 per month as we exit the year. In terms of the discussion of the supply chain, they're all unique. It's one-by-one. We're very careful to make sure that the way we're trying to protect stability in our own factory, we're trying to protect stability across the supply chain. And we do make certain moves here and there. Probably Spirit is the best example. And we have to do that that so when we move through the course of this year and going forward, we do it in a very stable, predictable way with the supply chain that's right there with us. Nothing that we see gives us any pause or concern. We've got all the assets and resources. We just have to start working our way through and delivering these airplanes for our customers.
Brian West: There's not really a material change, Cai. Here and there, there might be some differences, but nothing material and that's not contemplated in our forward look.
Brian West: So I'd be careful not to speak for Spirit too much. On the other hand, they're performing well. We expect them to continue to perform well, and we've got confidence that we're going to get clean fuselages that helps coincide with our delivery schedule. So we feel pretty good about where they sit and their continued performance. So nothing there gives us any concern at the moment. And in terms of investing, we look forward to closing this acquisition. We look forward towards bringing them into the Boeing world. And we will not be shy or bashful with any investments that are needed in order for long-term stability. We feel really good about what is in front of us on that front, and we can't wait to close.
Brian West: It's not a number that we disclose. It's not immaterial. The good news is, is that you see it right there in the cash flow statement total. That's a big driver, and the good news is that this is timing. This will unwind as we deliver airplanes for our customers, which we look forward to being able to do more predictably.
Dave Calhoun: The only thing I would add, Doug, is the third line, it also helps us with unforeseen issues, because it gives us flexibility across three lines as opposed to having to close two if we end up the nonconformance somewhere. So we are simply trying to over-capacitize accommodate things that appear and steady our production.
Dave Calhoun: Peter, thanks. Every metric gets better when you slow things down. So yes, I don't want to kid anybody. The step we took to slow things down, it was very deliberate, very straightforward and every metric benefits from that moment. So we've had a step change improvement, traveled work, of course, being the big one. And the way to measure traveled work in my view, I think the view of our production team is when we get a clean fuselage and we move it through less than half the float time it would have taken in its prior state that reduces everything. And the reason is you don't have traveled work, you don't have defects moving down the line, you don't have any of that stuff. So we've been a beneficiary of a step change on that front, and we're now at the stage where we're only getting clean fuselages where, as you know, in the first two quarters, we were managing a mix of the prior regime and what we're getting now. So anyway, that's the big proxy for the way things are going to move forward and are moving forward. You’ll know when we get out of kilt on any one of those metrics. I don't think any of them are going to stop us from the plans that we've announced and our expectations as we approach year-end. Probably the one we'll all just keep our eye on is the traveled work scenario where we cannot allow ourselves to get back into a scenario where we're traveling things too far down the line. And we got a lot of controls in place. So that won't happen.
Dave Calhoun: And the overarching opportunity for us is still the shortage of airplanes and the demand scenario. So, this isn't a soft spot in the market where people are trying to sort of get something, create a fundamental change. This is short-term management, which we all understand and we're trying to accommodate. But the demand is still so strong for airplanes that, that provides the incentive for everybody to want to get us money so they can get their plane.
Dave Calhoun: Well, we're definitely not planning on a strike for starters. I can't really -- it's too early to call out a gap analysis with respect to the puts and takes, because we're too early in the process. And I like the framework. I like investments that we want to make with respect to training and development of people. We know that ASKs will be big. We know wage ASKs will be big. We're not afraid to treat our employees well in this process. So we're just going to work as hard as we can, not to have a strike. And anyway, I -- this will be in Kelly and Stephanie's backyard by the time we get to that negotiation. But as you know, as well I do until the last week is in play, don't know much. So I'll just leave it at that and try not to predict. Other than to tell you, we have an expressed intent to not have strike.
Dave Calhoun: Well, I'll take a crack, and I'm not going to divulge anything that I'm not perfectly aware of. The Board made this decision. Over the last nine months, when I think about the number of people they've called around the industry, the supply side, the buy side, side, the regulatory pretty remarkable, thorough discussions. And at the end of the day, a couple of names surfaced and they landed on Kelly and I could not be happier with the call because I know Kelly. Kelly. I've been around He's a seasoned operator he's got experience. He knows what we do for a living and he'll bring that experience immediately to bear. So I wasn't really in the decision-making process, so I don't want to kid you about that. On the other hand, where it ended up is, in my view, a very, very strong place. And then with respect to Kelly, Kelly was quite informed about everything going on at Boeing, leadership team, et cetera. And anyway, I don't think he's coming in with a notion he want to change a lot of folks. And my guess is he's going to put his arms around Stephanie and the rest of the team in a big way and just try to support their work. He knows full well that we're in a recovery mode. And he knows full well we got to complete the recovery mode, and we got to get this stable and move forward. So that's me talking. And anyway, I don't think Brian can add much to this. But don't think this is intended to be a large leadership overhaul.
Dave Calhoun: Well, really, the milestone is to complete the engineering work and make sure that it passes the certification tests, et cetera. And it literally is that one discrete item that is choke point. But high level of confidence that we're going to complete that and probably complete the engineering well before the end of the year. Then we've got to get through the test certification work and then we're off. I don't think there are any other sort of issues that we have to contend with other than to get that done and prove it out.
