Gregory D. Smith: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Let's turn to slide four and we'll discuss our second quarter results. Second quarter revenue increased to $24.8 billion driven by strong commercial airplane deliveries and solid defense revenue. Core earnings per share was a loss of $0.44, impacted by the previously announced $3.23 of charges and cost reclassification. Notwithstanding these impacts, the core business performance was solid in the quarter. Let's now move to Commercial Airplanes on slide five. For the second quarter, our commercial airplane business reported revenue of $17.5 billion on 199 airplane deliveries. BC operating margin in the quarter were impacted by the $2.8 billion related to the 787 cost reclassification and the 747 and tanker charges. The results were also impact by higher planned R&D spending as we ramp up on the 777X program. Excluding the charges and the cost reclassification, BC operating margins were solid 10.3%. Commercial Airplanes captured $11 billion of net orders during the second quarter and backlog remains very strong at $417 billion and nearly 5,700 aircraft, again equating to seven years of production. 787 deferred production declined by $1 billion in the quarter driven by the cost reclassification, bringing the balance at the end of the quarter to $27.7 billion. When normalizing for the cost reclassification, deferred was better than planned at an increase of just $33 million. As we previously discussed, recovering the 787 deferred production over the remainder of the decade will be a significant driver of cash flows. Our confidence in this recovery and the cash generation comes from the shifting of the delivery mix for more -9s and -10s, improved pricing over the remaining 900 aircraft and supplier stepdown pricing as well as internal productivity. We continue to make progress on the 787 program, including successfully transitioning to the 12 per month rate, increasing deliveries of the 787-9, reducing production flow times and lowering unit cost while introducing the 787-10 into the production system. Now let's turn to Defense, Space & Security results on slide six. Second quarter revenue in our defense business was $7.2 billion and operating margins was 8.3%, largely driven by the strong performance that was offset by the BDS $219 million pre-tax tanker charge. Boeing military aircraft second quarter revenue was $3 billion, reflecting lower planned C-17 and Chinook deliveries. Operating margins of 5.9% reflect the impact again of the tanker charge. Network and space systems reported revenue of $1.8 billion, operating margins of 8.5%, reflecting the timing of ULA launches. Global services and support revenue increased 12% to $2.4 billion, reflecting higher volume in aircraft modernization and sustainment. Operating margins were 11.1%, reflecting program mix. Defense, Space & Security reported a solid backlog of $55 billion with now 37% of that business from customers outside of the United States. Let's move to the next slide, please. Operating cash flow of $3.2 billion for the second quarter was primarily driven by solid operating performance. With regards to capital deployment, as Dennis mentioned, we paid $691 million in dividends and repurchased 15 million shares for $2 billion in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date repurchase to 44 million shares for a total of $5.5 billion as we continue to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. Furthermore, this reflects the ongoing confidence in a long-term outlook of our markets and our business. We continue to anticipate completing the remaining $8.5 billion repurchase authorization over the approximately next two years. Returning cash to shareholders along with continued investment to support future growth remains top priorities for us. Let's move now to cash and debt balances on slide eight. We ended the quarter with $9.3 billion of cash and marketable securities. Our cash balance continues to provide solid liquidity and positions us well going forward. Let's now turn to slide nine and we'll discuss our outlook for 2016. We are reaffirming our 2016 guidance for revenue, deliveries and cash flow. Our core EPS guidance for 2016 is lowered by $2.05 a share to now be between $6.10 and $6.30, reflecting the second quarter charges and cost reclassification totaling $3.23 that was more than offset by improved core operating performance and tax benefits. The core operating engine continues to deliver strong results as we remain focused on increasing production, driving productivity improvements, maximizing cash generation and efficient deployment, at the same time taking appropriate actions to derisk our business going forward. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Dennis for some closing comments.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, Cai, on 737 we did have a block extension there and we had an increase in overall booking rate on program, and also on 67 we had a block extension there. We had a little bit better spending with regards to G&A and some other period expense, in particular fleet support. Those were really the primary drivers in the quarter. Just good solid performance across the programs. On the deferred, I'd say the profile of the deferred remains intact of what we talked about. Again, as we focus on unit cost day by day, airplane by airplane improvement and getting that model mix up with more -9s, now the introduction of the -10, it's all about cash. and so how are we improving the overall cash flow of that program. Teams are doing a great job. We got certainly lots of work in front of us, but I think when you're out in the factories today, you'll see some very good momentum and very good focus on overall productivity initiatives that are also obviously going to help that cash profile going forward. So the fundamentals as far as the cash flow story on 787 remain intact.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah I mean, Jason, I'd say this is just back to fundamentals around working capital, how we're collecting, how we're paying and then ultimately how we're managing our inventory. And we've got initiatives in place for each. When it comes to payables, we have changed our frequency of pay that we have gone from daily to twice a month. Again, that's in line with industry practices. At the same time, we're looking at terms across all of our contracts and again looking to get those to industry standards, but ultimately we want to get those to top quartile standards. And there's no reason why we shouldn't, and frankly a lot of our supply chain is already there. And then again, finally on the inventory, we're looking at all aspects of the inventory across the programs. Float time on 787 is a great example of that, and we're going to continue that focus. So I wouldn't view it as anything special or different. Is there enhanced focus on those elements of cash flow, there certainly is. But that's the objective, certainly get to industry standards and then beyond that as Dennis has talked about, what is top quartile or a global industrial champion look like, and there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to get to those levels of efficiency.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I mean, Rob, frankly, we're looking at market based certainly across the board. And so whether that's internal or external, it's all about market based. And really kind of backing into that, and as you know, the greatest certainly percentage of our cost structure is outside, and so we're equally focused there. But at the same time, you've heard us. You've been in the factory recently during the investor conference. You can see, there's a relentless focus inside. So I'd say no rock unturned. We're looking for all opportunities, but just think about it as being market based type targets that are driven through all the elements of the cost structure, whether it's in home office here or out on the programs. And I think as Dennis said, each of these are at different levels of maturity. Some of these we've obviously, we've captured some in certain aspects of the business. But I'd say everybody is very aligned on all the elements that Dennis talked about, this portfolio approach, and we're all – I'd say it's all on our score cards in being held accountable to try to achieve the aspirational targets that have been put out here.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, well as Dennis said, I mean we've run certainly sensitivity analysis against the 777 bridge over that I'll say short period of time between the current platform and the X, and we've taken that into consideration around our comments about cash flow continuing to grow through that period. So we think we can do that through that period. But we got a bunch of different scenarios obviously we're running through there, but we're sticking with the plan we have and staying focused on trying to fill that bridge and particularly in near term. But we got work to do, and like Dennis said we'll match production – demand to production at the right time and it's one element of the portfolio, and I don't want anybody to over rotate on that element. It's an important one, but there's a lot of other things going on in this company that are either driving profitability or cash, and it's not just lying on one program having a transition rate for 18 to 24 months.
Gregory D. Smith: I think I got them all, Doug, and if not, I'm sure you'll tell me. So first one, if you looked at – obviously we're not at the point of making any different rate decisions or assumptions than what we got in place, but as Dennis said, we got work to do to fill out to the 14. As you know, that's an end of the decade implementation. But if you were to assume holding 12, it pushes that deferred curve out about 6 months. So not a significant impact. When you look at -8 and -9, you saw it when you were out here. I'd say, the design improvements that were taken off the 8 and put onto the 9, now that we're I'll say ramping up at, we're at about 10 a month right now on the -9. You're really seeing those come together in the factory. And so unit cost now is about in line with on -9 versus -8. So the team again has done a great job. Lots of work in front of us, but the fact is over 125 units and they're now at the same level of -8, I think gives you a good sense of the design for manufacturing implementation that's taking place on that airplane. And listen, there's still a lot of ideas in the hopper. Some of those will mature; some of them won't, but they're not slowing down. And Mark Jenks and his team are doing a terrific job looking for more opportunities. Disruption from 9 to 10, I think you said it. It is not as big of an impact certainly as it is from the 8 to the 9. That was by design. So that's in the production system today. So we certainly have provisioned for some longer flow times on those initial -10 units. Similar, I'll say methodology that we did from the 8 to the 9, but we're again I think as far as producing that airplane and a risk associated with that, it's a very different risk profile than it was from the 8 to the 9. So again, credit to the team on really focus on commonality in the production system to minimize that disruption as we enter it into the production system.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, so obviously as we move forward with the supplier stepdown, contractual stepdown pricing, we improved productivity. But even more, as I mentioned at the investor conference, Ron, the mix is a big play in here going forward. So getting these -9s into the productions that we have and you heard me talk about the unit costs recently and where they are, getting that -10 in, are obviously big drivers of cash flow going forward. The program margin did go up slightly in the quarter overall, and but it's still very low single digits.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, we're not really – I'm not really completely following your math there, Ron, but I would just tell you that we took $1 billion out obviously and put it into R&D. So obviously research and development went up, and the overall program margin went up slightly as a result of that move. But again these are obviously two aircraft that we've been heavily utilized in flight test, and we made the right decision because it was the time to start spending company funds to modify those airplanes, and a limited marketplace for them. So we made that decision and reclassed them and it was absolutely the right thing to do.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, there's actually was still escalation pressure in the quarter across all the programs, not as much as prior quarters, but there was. And then the balance of that was offset by improved productivity and mix. Those are really the big drivers in there, Carter.
Gregory D. Smith: I'm hoping very soon. But again, we saw it minimized this quarter, and we'll have to wait until the publications come out for third quarter. But you're right. I mean the fundamentals are heading in the right direction. So we should start to see this as bit of more of a tailwind versus a headwind.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah I mean, Howard, I guess with regards to the nonproduction, it's the same approach. I mean, we're really kind of trying to look at just even functional costs across the enterprise and looking at what is market-based affordability, what's best-in-class look like for an industrial company and challenging ourselves and where we are versus where they are and trying to learn for some best practices and then trying to implement them. Now some of this is still in the planning stage. Certainly not all of it is implemented, so I wouldn't run with any of it. But that's the framework, and that's the operating around it. But it's all about how do we compete in the marketplace no matter what marketplace we're in across the portfolio, how do we generate cash in order to invest in our future as we have, and then deliver value to the shareholders. So those are kind of the, I'll say the framework that's around the approach, but it goes back to my comment about no rock left unturned. So whether it's functional costs that are supporting a program or program-specific, everybody has an affordability target. And again, different levels of maturity, some are making more progress than others, but the focus and the operating rhythm is all around that.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I think the R&D profile will be similar to what we outlined. I don't see that changing. On the G&A, I mean quarter over quarter, as you know, you're going to see it move around a little bit. But some of that certainly is sustainable, and some of that is just timing.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, no certainly something, Sam, we're watching. Obviously with the transition that we made from the defined contribution to the – or defined benefit, defined contribution, that certainly helps us going forward when it comes to pension contributions. But we're certainly monitoring the interest rate environment. This year is obviously minimal. As I see it today, there will be contributions required next year. They'll be again in the hundreds of millions, not more than that. And kind of see that in the year following, but again we'll have to see where interest rates fall, and we'll make the required contribution. But we run that at kind of various levels, and again, because of the pension turnover, I don't see obviously that kind of headwind that I would have normally seen as far as required contribution if we were stuck with a DB plan for the next five years.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, Jon, I guess I would start with, obviously we're in a competitive environment, and so it all starts with market-based affordability and then how does that impact your business. So as I indicated, when it comes to working capital, we're looking at where we are on different measures around working capital, and where everybody else is in this industry. And certainly the two suppliers you called out are great suppliers to us, and we've been working with them over the last year on transitioning to a more, I'll say, industry standard around payments. And we were paying daily millions of transactions, and we were paying daily. That's not an industry standard. We're going to twice a month. And then we're looking at terms again to be competitive, managing our working capital efficiently, and allowing us to invest in our future that ultimately everybody will benefit from, from our customers down to our suppliers. These are important partners. But hey, we got to face into the environment that we're in and be efficient across the board. And as you know, under partnering for success, this is also us reaching back into the supply chain, taking best practices that we have encountered in other parts of our business or the supply chain and sharing those with the supply chain to ultimately make them better. So I'd say it's across the board, and again it's all about being market based and facing into those realities. And frankly in this case just getting to industry standards.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Thank you, Greg. As we move into the second half of 2016 and begin Boeing's second century in operation, we know we cannot stand still if we are to further our industry leadership and honor the rich legacy of generations of talented, hard working people that built this company. Our teams remain intensely focused on growth, disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvement and meeting our customer commitments. Our priorities are to continue building strength on strength to deliver on our existing plans and to stretch beyond those plans by sharpening and accelerating our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts. Achieving these objectives will require a clear and consistent attention to the profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production, continuing to strengthen our defense and space business, delivering on our development programs, driving world class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth, and to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry, all of which is to position Boeing for the next 100 years and continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom line growth, and to create increasing value for our customers, our shareholders, our employees and other stakeholders. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And Jason, to the second part of your question there, as Greg has pointed out, this is not a one-time event or implementation. We see this as a key element of our longer-term cash growth plan and consistent with our plans for the business to grow cash year over year.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Great question, Seth. And what you're pointing out here is, as we discussed at our investor conference, we see services growth broadly as one of our strongest growth areas going forward, and that spans both commercial and defense. It is a place where we are investing for the future, have been all along, and you're beginning to see the fruits of that investment and we're going to continue to work on that front. That includes modifying our approach to our intellectual property and how we manage and control that, our proprietary parts business and what I'll call the traditional parts and modifications businesses that leverage our OEM knowledge base. It also includes a more significant investment in data analytics and information-based services, and you can see some of the progress on that front. I mentioned a couple in my opening comments, but more broadly, we now have for example 60 airlines enrolled in subscription contracts for Boeing maintenance and engineering work that covers about 2,200 aircraft. We have another 84 customers with about 3,800 aircraft that are benefiting from our airplane health management services, and we still see a lot of runway ahead of us in these data analytics and information-based services agreements where we can add value for customers and also add value for Boeing. And this includes a increased focus from our senior executive team on growing services, investments both inside of Boeing and with our supply chain as you pointed out, and we do see this as a long-term growth area both top line and bottom line. In general, services is accretive to our margins and our bottom line performance.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah Rajeev, let me just take that one head on here. On 777, we understand the reality of where we're at. And as I said, in 2017, we've already announced we're going to a seven per month production rate. We're 80% sold out against that production rate. In 2018, as we introduce the 777X into the line and we build test aircraft, as we have announced before, the effective delivery rate in 2018 will drop to 5.5 a month, and we're 60% sold out against that profile. So we know exactly where we're at today. Now the fact is year-to-date, we've got net orders for eight 777s against a target of approximately 40. So clearly we have work to do yet over the next few months to fill out that orders book. And we're working hard on a number of key campaigns. Ray and his team are out with our customers and we are aggressively working that every day. We do see that the value proposition of the airplane is holding up, but the wide body market is clearly a challenging place right now. So we've got work to do to find those additional orders. Now in the case of if those orders don't materialize, we're going to continue to keep a close eye on our production plans and make sure that we keep supply and demand in balance. That's the key to our future, and we're going to make sure we make a profitable and efficient transition to the 777X. So we're going to continue to work those campaigns hard. We're going to work to fill out the production plans as we currently have laid them out, while being mindful of keeping supply and demand in balance. Now all of this, I think it's important to take a step back from all of this to look at our overall plans over the next five years. Regardless of how that scenario plays out on 777, this is a growing business where we're going to be delivering north of 900 airplanes a year by the end of the decade, and we see this as a year over year cash growth business spanning all of those scenarios that we're talking about. So we're going to do the right thing here, keep wide body supply and demand in balance, make sure we have the right transition to 777X, and I think it's also worth reminding that in the long term, the wide body marketplace is still an attractive marketplace. And as you get out into the 2020s, there's a large replacement cycle that's very clear to us. So this is about efficient transition to the 777X and the 777X is the right airplane for the future, all within the context of a compelling growth story and year over year cash growth.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: This is a clear and enduring focus for us, and it's about winning, competing and winning in the marketplace. It's about returning value to our shareholders, and it's also about funding our future investments and our innovation. And we intend to accomplish all three objectives.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: We're going to do the right thing to make sure we have an efficient transition to 777X and all of that is enveloped by an expectation of year over year cash growth, and that spans all of the scenarios we've looked it.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Real manufacturing commonality that's north of 95%. And Doug, as you know, we've already begun major assembly work into the 787 line on the -10. So that manufacturing commonality is holding up as we're going through implementation.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Doug, let me give you a little bit of a feel for that. Right now we're sold out through 2018 if you look at the skyline on 787. We have a few open positions in 2019 that we're working and we're largely focused on filling out the 2020 production skyline. So that will give you a feel for the timeframe that we're looking at. As Greg said, this is a toward the end of the decade implementation. So you can back off from that a couple of years. We haven't pinned down a specific decision point yet because we're going to keep a close eye on the market, the signals from our customers. We've got time to do our due diligence here. And again, our principle here is to keep wide body supply and demand in balance. And we're confident in the 787 program across that span of scenarios, and we're going to continue to work campaigns to fill out to the 14 a month rate step-up, and we'll evaluate timelines and decisions around that. But you can be very confident that whatever we decide, we're going to keep supply and demand in balance. We're going to do it efficiently and productively, and all of this again is enveloped by our expectation of a year over year cash growth business. It spans all of the scenarios we've talked about on both 777 and 787.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Julie, as we announced the decision we made here, it takes into consideration a sluggish cargo market, and our projections for future production rates. And the decision in essence that we made was to maintain our current production rate of half an airplane per month that we're implementing this year and to extend that out into the future rather than assuming we would ramp back up to one a month in 2019. That's the fundamental assumption change here, and it reflects what we see in the cargo market. Now we still see a cargo or freighter aircraft replacement cycle out in that 2019, 2020 timeframe. We have a number of ongoing customer discussions in the cargo marketplace in addition to the two Air Force One airplanes that you referenced. So a number of very viable campaigns underway to fill to that half a month production rate. That said, we still have our work cut out for us. Cargo is a tough market right now. I will say that the decisions we've made on 747 I think put that program in a much more solid footing for the future. It's aligned with the marketplace. As noted, we also wrote off any remaining deferred production inventory, so we've significantly derisked that program from a financial standpoint for the future. And we're going to continue to work to fill out the skyline.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah. Hey Al, first of all more broadly, we're still targeting a book-to-bill of 1 to 1 for the year. And again, we don't get too encumbered with the exact timing of those orders, and it's very clear that this year's order cycle is more favorable on the narrow bodies. And so if you're looking at numbers of aircraft, we expect the predominance of that orders flow this year to be in the narrow bodies arena. That all said, we're going to continue to work hard to fill out the wide body skylines as well. We don't need to make drastic changes to pricing in order to capture market share. We're not going to be driven to just get market share for market share's sake. I will say in the wide body marketplace, even though we're seeing some hesitation in buying, the value proposition of our airplanes is holding up well. So this is all about a look ahead to efficiently managing our production skyline and keeping supply and demand in balance. And clearly we've got more work to do on the wide body front while narrow body orders are trending to be very healthy and continuing to be healthy this year. So that's our headset. And as normal, we do a lot of scenario planning around this and different assumptions around wide body orders and what that future skyline will look like. And as you heard earlier, our commitment is to make the decisions that allow us to make the transition on the 777 efficient and productive. And we will do that.
