W. James McNerney: Thanks, James. With certification and first deliveries of the 787 and 747-8 behind us, our clear priority is on executing the ramp-up and production across all our Commercial Airplane programs, while continuing to drive competitiveness and targeted growth in our Defense, Space & Security business. Development program execution on the KC-46 Tanker and the 737 MAX, among others, also moves to center stage to ensure we deliver on the innovation our customers expect within the time lines and the budgets we signed up for.  Overall, despite some mixed economic signals and an uncertain U.S. defense market, the outlook we have for Boeing today is strongly positive. Our markets are large and growing, our backlog is increasing, we are performing well and we are financially strong. Our teams are focused on the work at hand and determined to succeed in accelerating our momentum into 2012 and beyond.  With that said, we'd now be happy to take your questions.
W. James McNerney: Well we are planning on getting there by 2013, as I mentioned in my remarks. We just went through a rate break. We're positioning for the next one. It's a matter of knowing what we've got to do and just putting one foot in front of the other and getting it done. That's the kind of execution mode we're in right now. The -- if it did slip a quarter or so, James could probably answer the question better than I. But I don't believe that would have a significant implication on either the accounting quantity or the profitability assumption. You got...
W. James McNerney: Doug, yes, the answer -- the quick answer is yes. We don't have a changed view. The last couple of months, there has been some softening, but the path on these growth curves often up and down quarter-by-quarter. But the facts are we're still -- when you sum up the year so far, we're still ahead of last year even though it's low single digits. So it is a watch item, as I said in my remarks, but not ready to conclude that there's a fundamental change in our market assumption at all. And yes, I mean, there -- we're working through weight and fuel burn issues. Every confidence of getting there. Full visibility with our customers. GE is very close to our customers as they're working to deliver the airplanes against the performance that they've promised. So I think none of that changes our view of the program.
W. James McNerney: Yes, I mean, I think not really. I mean, I think the customers, when they come out of the Christmas season, it's not -- it's -- sometimes, there's some discussions about a secular versus a seasonal change, and that may cause a customer or 2 to want to push out weeks and months, not years. But no, nothing more than the usual kind of chatter.
W. James McNerney: Well, as airlines -- short answer is, haven't seen a big change in behavior. But as airlines get bigger and combine and their route structures become more complex, arguments remains for differing technology applied to different routes. I mean I think the United, Continental and the Air France-KLM orders, which were split, reflect that a little bit. And it's hard to predict whether that trend, which essentially adds up to no change before the combination, whether that trend will continue or you'll see more consolidated buying or not, hard to predict. But right now, quite frankly I've seen somewhat less change that I would have thought.
W. James McNerney: Yes, the international order cycle time is always longer than the cycle time, or often longer I should say, not always, than what we might be more used to in the budgeting process here. Just to cut to the chase, I mean, we remain confident that the F-15 order in the Middle East that you referenced, that we've already got the first contractual step on the Apaches and some of the sustainment as part of a broader effort there. C-17s in India, the 10 are pretty solid. We just sustainment around the 10. Quite frankly, there may be more after that. So I guess at the end of the day, while it -- while there is somewhat more Rolaids consumed while we go through the process, we remain confident that those orders we've highlighted to you are going to come home.
W. James McNerney: Well Heidi, the -- all the dynamics that I see, including the death of the crown prince, point toward an earlier rather than later resolution, favorable resolution of this. I think the -- our government is already clearly behind this. There are detailed discussions that are ongoing. And there's nothing I've learned that says the kind of dynamic that you worry about and then there are -- there have been times that I worried about of pushing it out -- every dynamic has convinced me that it's a nearer-term versus a longer-term resolution. And we remain confident that it's going to happen. Now, obviously, I'm summarizing a host of inputs and a host of interactions, and we're all intently focused at -- but that's my summary. That's my takeaway. And of course, we do have some investment in the supply chain, which -- and we wouldn't have made it if we weren't confident that it was going to come home. And we're all hopeful this thing will get done over the next short-term time frame.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I mean, I think we're at the -- we do see an overall trend, which is tighter contracting, incrementally more risk on the contractor. And I think we all see that. The tanker is a good example of that kind of program. And that's why we spend a lot more time and thought before entering into some of those contracts. Now we have not seen -- and I would also say that a number of these programs that are analogous to the F-35 like our -- the erstwhile Future Combat Systems, the satellite program and elements of the missile defense program, we've already gone through a lot of the lead contract characterization and a scaling back of the program, and we're sort of left with a mix right now of production programs, whether it's in low-rate production in the case of P-8 that you mentioned or whether a full-rate production in the case of F-15s, F-18s, our satellite programs, which are very healthy, our helicopter programs. We're down to a pretty stable group of programs where we don't have the kind of issue, where we have stable contracting. So I think we have somewhat less of that risk even though your overall observation is right.
W. James McNerney: Yes, I mean, a lot of the rationale between -- behind increasing our production rate relates to backlog we've already got, not totally. But so there's -- we have a substantial amount of the backlog already in place that supports those production increases. Now having said that, I think it would take a kind of a shock to the system that we don't see. And that -- you could come up with a scenario probably as easily I could. I mean, if you wanted to paint of scenario of a $175 a barrel of oil and then a disorderly sovereign debt resolution in Europe that cripples their economy for 5 years and a bitter partisan fight in the United States that lessens confidence rather than increases, I mean, you could -- a huge market crash, I mean, you can come with a scenario. We don't -- based on what we see, we don't see that. But there is a scenario that could force us to scale back. But we don't see it.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I mean, I think one way to answer it is, as I said, a lot of it is supported by orders we have in place. That's number one. And number two, I don't think we're overreaching demand we see out there. Rather, I see us following demand that we see out there with some margin because we do make assumptions on melt away of old backlog and new backlog. So we're not stretching -- we're not trying to take huge market share. We're not stretching into these assumptions. These are pretty conservative business assumptions. So there's some margin in it. Is there enough margin for a cataclysmic scenario? I don't think there ever is.
W. James McNerney: I think it's sort of starting versus completing. That might be the -- I don't remember what I said. But the elements of our supply chain are already working on getting to 35. But -- and we -- I think we mentioned some components that we were beginning to work on as far as assembly or something like that. But the actual output out of final assembly at rate is early 2012.
W. James McNerney: I think we're seeing typical -- there's some typical launch-type pricing, but I think it's more characterized by stability, to be honest with you, when you look at the narrow-body market. I see more stability when you discount some launch pricing. And put that off to the side, I'd say stability would be the characterization in the narrow-body market.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I mean, I think pricing is never good enough. But having said that, when you have a unique offering that your competition doesn't have a ready answer for, there are worse pricing environments than that.
W. James McNerney: Well, there is a small mix effect in the margins. I think the overall characterization, though, of -- or explanation of those margins is more influenced by operating efficiency and very, very sound and good manufacturing and engineering execution, okay? I would say that's the bigger explanation. But I think one of the reasons we're interested in driving the services business, other than having yet another solution for our customers, is that in general, it has a favorable operating margin-mix impact. And it is growing faster than the core business, although the core business is beginning to catch up as we ramp up production, so it'll be a horse race.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I mean, I think we've got pretty good fidelity on what the offering is, and we're finalizing that. We've obviously had enough confidence in the performance of the airplane to have preliminary agreements with a number of airlines and deep discussions with others. So I would say it's settling down quickly in terms of the details and so on. I'm happy with the progress on the design and the reaction of our customers to the design. I think we're still in the process -- as to the second part of your question, we're still thinking through where we would produce it.
W. James McNerney: I think you -- I wasn't sure whether you were asking a question about China Eastern, but it sounded like you perfectly understood it. It was a change in the airline's business model driving substitution for 73s. I'm not sure about China Southern. I'm not sure where that discussion is coming from.
W. James McNerney: Yes, we're sold out. And soon as we get spaces in the production skyline available, we'll start selling them again.
W. James McNerney: Yes, we got to follow up production rate, deliver airplanes as we're planning. And as it begins to get into the planning horizon of our airlines, they'll start ordering again. Right now, we're sold out through 2019. That's a long time to think about placing new orders. So it'll -- it's probably going to take a little time.
W. James McNerney: I think everything that is publicly understood is pretty much where we are with the NLRB. We're in the midst of an administrative process, and we're just walking through it with the NLRB. We obviously disagree with the process, but that's the way it is. So I don't think there's anything I know that you don't know on that one.
W. James McNerney: No, no. It's all the re-work on the early airplanes. We're just methodically going through the re-work that was driven by flight test discoveries and other engineering changes that we needed to get through, and it's just a matter of walking through it. No real change in the configuration of the airplane. As we mentioned earlier, we are breaking to a higher rate on productions. So I think it's simply a matter of timing, I guess, I would say.
W. James McNerney: Well, there -- Dominic, this is Jim. The vast majority of the change incorp is on the first 40, 45 airplanes, which is not to say there might not be some re-finish and some re-work on planes after that. But I think our plan is not soon after the 50, 60 mark. We're pretty much in the clear. But we'll have to see when we get there. But it's looking like -- it's looking pretty clean after that.
W. James McNerney: It's interesting. We're seeing strong interest in both. And most of the orders we're discussing with people have a mix of both the new one -- the MAX as well as the NGs. So the NGs remain an answer for the productivity needs of airlines compared to the older fleet that they're working off. And so I'm hopeful with the signs I'm seeing out there there'll be a nice bridge from the NG to the MAX, and that's what the data is suggesting right now.
W. James McNerney: Well, yes. Like I just said, I mean, I think the productivity and capability that an NG has versus the fleets that people are replacing them with are -- means that there is independent demand for that airplane as well as an improved version of that airplane. And so there are people who would rather have the NGs in the meantime as -- and moving to the MAX later rather than go through a bathtub of an old airplane for the next 5 years where they have no productivity and very high fuel costs. So we're in this sweet spot where we're seeing demand for both.
James A. Bell: Yes, I think the way you want to look at that is when we get up the rate and we stabilize and we start running. So you think after 13, we get to 10 and we run for a year, 1.5 years, 2 years you're going to see there at that demarcation point where that event will occur, Ron. And off hand, I don't know what unit number that is, but it's in that time frame.
James A. Bell: So on the first part of that, it was driven principally by the -- obviously the 787 in terms of units being down.
James A. Bell: It was not larger. The -- would you repeat your second question? I sort of lost track of it as you -- with it.
James A. Bell: Clearly, the earlier airplanes were more costly because they were built more outside of the production process. And as we move through time and the assembly completes and some supply chain and the process starts to work as it was designed to work, the cost will go down. I don't know if it's 2x or 3x. But clearly, the earlier planes are a lot more expensive. Now the deferred production cost also is not just for the airplanes that are in there. It's was -- all the airplanes are -- well, not just the ones that were completed, but the one that was delivered also was in there as well. But obviously more expensive early on, get better over time.
James A. Bell: So let me just start with we had never set the accounting block number before, which means we've never gone to the discipline application of the process and going through with all the data, working our way through the analysis to arrive at what the accounting block size we announced at 1,100. So we've never done that. Obviously, we did assume -- we had an assumption that we used to help us to determine whether or not we were in a forward reach. And that assumption was a little more conservative.
James A. Bell: We never went through the detailed discussion or analysis to predict what it would have been, Joe. We went through that analysis, the number came out as 1,100 units. So it's hard to say for certain. But obviously, we were concerned prior to announcement because as I mentioned here earlier, we were using a conservative number to determine whether we were in a reach prior to setting that.
James A. Bell: I would use another C word. I would use the conversion. Actually, they converted from the 787 to 737 as they concentrate on growing their capacity in the domestic markets and move away from growing -- actually expanding what they traditionally do in terms of the global market. So I don't think there was anything associated with the airplane at all relative to that conversion.
James A. Bell: Well, I don't think this is normal as you would normally see on a normal learning curve. Because of the fact that we've had a lot of -- we have a lot of airplanes that were in production as we were still in the development process, we have -- and we had the issues on the front end of building those airplanes, I think you're going to see a steeper, drop down to a normal learning curve after we get to those initial problems. And we're basically getting through those now. And that's what you're going to see. So I think learning curve-wise, it'll be pretty normal and pretty consistent with what we saw in 777, we'll just get down it faster. And that's why we believe we will be around where we need to be cost-wise on the units that we produce starting out at 10 -- as we get to 10 and stabilize after 2013.
James A. Bell: I think you'll see a steeper drop over the first 100-or-so airplanes than you would traditionally see, and then it will stabilize to normal after that in terms of the learning curve.
James A. Bell: No, we're down -- we're going to be down a bit in 4. And what you're seeing is complete support costs will start and will go up a little. But maybe that's where you're getting the confusion. But it'll continue to decline going into the next year.
James A. Bell: I would assume '15 more than '14, but early. So I think we're going to get there. And right now, that's our assumption. We stay at 10. Obviously, we will look at opportunities depending on what the market says to us as to whether we can go above it or not. But right now, that's what we're assuming. So in terms of that assumption, I would look at late '14, early '15 for it to be stable.
James A. Bell: Yes, I think we're guiding you to $2.5 billion, over $2.5 billion in operating cash this year. We expect it to be significantly better next year as we start delivering the 87s and the 47s in volume.
James A. Bell: Yes, after 45 airplanes. I think when you start looking at some of the airplanes that are in process today, we are already starting to get a glimpse of it as we have 50 in South Carolina and 46, I think, in Everett. So -- but there are significantly more costs associated with these first 40 airplanes as we build them out of sequence. And so that's why we believe once we digest those, the learning curve will go down sharply to traditional learning curve levels earlier than you would normally see on a traditionally ran program where you didn't have concurrent production with development.
James A. Bell: No. Some of that -- it's going to -- it's there now, and it's just not going to be ran off until we start delivering in significant quantities.
James A. Bell: Dominic, first of all I didn't say it would go away by 2015. I had said that would turn over where unit margins would be equal or greater than program margins. So that means we're starting to turn the corner on it. And it's not growing, it's now starting to go down. But it doesn't go away for a long time. But in that same time period, we would start seeing, as production stabilized, we're positive cash and positive on earnings. So that's what I said.
James A. Bell: If you're looking at breakeven, from a program standpoint we will start experiencing it around -- it'll go a little longer than that, but around that same time frame. But from a cash standpoint, that is really what the analyst focus on and what we focus on. And in that time frame is when we'll start seeing it really get positive.
James A. Bell: So let me go back and be sure I'm clear on what I -- what you heard and what I really said. What I said is we haven't gone through the detailed process of setting the accounting quantity until we made our first delivery. So this is the first time we've gone through, and it's a very complicated calculation of trying to understand what market is and then validate market so that you can convert it to a revenue estimate. Then also going through all your supply, all the production costs associated with creating the aircraft and if you can estimate them over a certain number of units. And as I mentioned, we have these long-term pricing agreements. We can do that. And then finally, it's your capacity to produce them over the time frame. We have not gone through that detailed analysis up until now. So that's how -- we've never set the accounting quantity until now. And it's set at 1,100 first and foremost. But we also, until we got to first delivery, we had to go do an analysis to assure ourselves we weren't in a forward reach. And that is what we have been doing before. And as it turned out, we happen to be using something that was a little bit more conservative than the actual first accounting quantity unit size.
James A. Bell: No. Again, we've had to go through and do a very -- again, on a quarterly basis before delivery, we had to go through a pretty detailed analysis to assure ourselves that we weren't on a forward reach. So we did that. But the -- remember, the actual setting the accounting quantity is different than establishing profitability, if profitability will ultimately fall out of it. But they're 2 different things. And so we had to make an assumption in terms of our initial determination of whether we're in a reach or not of an accounting quantity, not having gone through the detail, but it's not back of the envelope. Clearly, we've sold 800-plus, and we have price options for over 200 in a market that's sizable and over 5,000 units. So we used that and made an assumption, and we did that determination before formally establishing the initial accounting quantity size.
Susanna Ray - Bloomberg: I have a couple of questions about the 787 program. I think you guys were asked earlier about the Chinese cancellations, and China Eastern, I believe it was, said they would convert to 737s. But it was China Southern, I believe, who said that they might go ahead and outright cancel because the first delivery there has been pushed back to July from year end, so I'm wondering what the holdup is for the Chinese market.
Susanna Ray - Bloomberg: Okay, they -- yes, they said that they, a couple of weeks ago said that they would consider canceling because of a delay from year end to July, sort of certification issue.
Susanna Ray - Bloomberg: Okay. And then Air India apparently is considering canceling more than half of its orders, dropping down to 12 from 27. So I'm just wondering, that combined with the China Eastern conversion, I'm wondering when the 787 backlog will start expanding instead of decreasing.
