W. McNerney: Thank you, James. I think it's fair to say that looking ahead, we will have the largest growth opportunity in our industry. With significant planned increases in Commercial Airplane production rates, a strengthened base of Defense, Space & Security development and production programs and a portfolio of products and services that is unmatched in the capability and value they bring to our customers. As an enterprise, we are optimistic about the future, sharply focused on the work at hand and determined to succeed. With that, we would now be happy to take your questions.
W. McNerney: I don't think so. I mean I think part of the judgment we have to make, Doug, is that the NEO will not seriously erode our customer base if there's a new airplane out there, three or four years after they introduce a re-engine. And part of the judgment is deciding that that's true. I think my personal view is that we're not going to lose customers for a few years with a significantly better airplane in the offing and a continually improved airplane in their fleet today. So just to jump to a new aircraft engine type, I mean that doesn't make sense if you're an operator. But that's the judgment we have to validate as we go through this.
W. McNerney: Listen, we are nearly nearing the end of flight tests, and save any discovery, which we don't see happening, okay, because we're largely through it, we're flying for score to complete it now, we are confident, very confident in delivering the airplanes that we've discussed. These deliveries will -- and by the way, the fastener activity and rework that’s going on is as planned, and the press reports you're seeing describe things that we have planned on doing, is part of the plan underlying our guidance, nothing new as we look at it. But keep in mind, that these planes as we begin initial deliveries this year and into next, it will be a mix of planes that have been in the factory for a while and newer planes that have arrived more recently that have a far better condition of assembly. So I think -- I can understand how some press reports would come out on some plane that is going to be delayed further than originally planned and replaced by a newer airplane. I could see how people might feel that, that somehow represents a delay in the program. These are things that we've all taken into account and are part of the plan, so remain very confident on our delivery guidance. The EME solution is part of the plan, ready to go. And the current production activities also are as planned, notwithstanding that there is a significant amount of rework, particularly on the earlier airplanes, but we think we have the scope well-defined.
W. McNerney: Well, I think there's two buckets of focus. One is condition of assembly, which is -- it improves literally on every airplane that is assembled and final air -- and condition of assembly tells you how quickly you can turn the airplanes that have come in lately, okay? The latter half of the group that's out there, and that is on plan. And then the other is the newer airplanes that require more rework, we have literally, set up a second production area with stations where we standardize work on each of the airplanes. And so how those planes move through this secondary factory is another metric to see how we're doing. It's not a big scrabble where we have a job shop, where people are running from one airplane and running to another airplane, trying to read engineering drawings, figure it out. We have a systematized, standardized approach that has been set up. So tracking just as you would through any sub-factory tracking the newer airplanes through there is the second metric that's important.
W. McNerney: Well, the initial block size will be discussed at entry into service, and we're going through that. James and his team are going through that right now as we speak. There is very strong demand for this airplane, and so the real story here is we got the airplane right, despite some of the ramp-up difficulties that we've gone through, which have added significant cost as you know as we worked through it. Now obviously, whatever production quantity we decide on, and it will be the result of the process we use always when we introduce new airplanes, the profitability will not be high at the beginning. And it's, I think, however, there is significant, as there has been on every new airplane we have ever built, there are significant opportunities to increase the profitability of it, and we are focused on it. And they relate to a series of productivity and factory efforts and working with our suppliers, and it relates to model mix pricing, model introduction down the line. We're looking at a new model or two as alternatives beyond where we are now, to be discussed later. But these are the levers we tend to pull, and I think it will be aided by the fact that this is an incredibly productive machine for our customers. I mean the quantum leap in productivity that these customers will be able to get with these airplanes are going to make the pricing environment, once this plane’s in service proving it so, more robust and easier to sustain. So pricing will also strengthen. So it's hard for me to give you exactly the timing of all this. But every airplane program we've ever had goes through this transition.
W. McNerney: Well, right now, it's in the 50-50 range. I don't have that number here in front of me. I think it's hard to predict at this stage where that mix will go. You look historically, the mix on this kind of a wide-body airplane tends to be biased over time to the longer-range versions. But this will depend on the needs of our customers. The longer-range versions, by the way, in all likelihood, will be more profitable for us.
W. McNerney: I think we, in all likelihood, will be addressing what I termed a minute ago "the heart of the market" first, which is not to say, that we will leave the 57 space unaddressed at all, because it's a legitimate market segment that we can participate in. But I think the heart of the market, and that tends to be in the 145-to-175, 185 range in there is -- and we haven't sorted it out totally, is in all likelihood, where we'll start. Now as I mentioned before, we are continually improving the current 737 and how certain sizes are feathered in first and the complimentary sizes are allowed to go a little longer on the NG, we've got to sort that out. But these are the answers that we're trying to figure out. And while we all have biases, we'll let the data and our customers tell us exactly how to do this, and you'll hear more from us at the end of the year.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean I think, as you know, we're taking up rate a couple of times. There is a bias to even go beyond that, given the backlog and the demand we're seeing in our customers' space. But you're asking the right question, I think we will take a balanced view of the grab market share versus build a backlog for security. It'll be probably a little more bias toward taking share than backlog for security. As you pointed out, I think it's a correct observation that perhaps, we're a little bias toward worshipping backlog, historically. I think we're mindful of a backlog and its importance. But we agree that we have a significant take-share opportunity with the 777 over the intermediate-term, and we won't let that opportunity go.
W. McNerney: Like I say, the bias is toward taking share a little bit, okay? But you've always got to be mindful of the healthier supply chain, you've got to be mindful of your own capacity constraints, quality, so there's a lot of things, the mix of customers. All taken into account, I think you'll see a lot of more of a take-share headset from us.
W. McNerney: Well, I think as it stands right now, accelerating it significantly would create risk, okay? It's not as if we're not asking the question. But right now, we’re about we're about where we want to be. And significant acceleration, and the judgment of Jim Albaugh and I agree, would present risk. And we're looking hard, as you imply with your question, we’re looking hard at going beyond the 8.3, and we'll be in a position to discuss that going forward this year.
W. McNerney: But getting to your question on the -- looking at it more from the environment, I don't think we see a world where pricing is going to head the way it did in the late '90s, early 2000s where just massive competition on every deal and price deterioration, significant across the industry. I'm not sure we see that. On the other hand, we don't see this wonderful world where we're going to be able to raise price everywhere either. I think we see a pretty even environment with, as James says, a lot of smart strategy around customer and around product is going to produce an environment where we can hold on to our margins.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean I think in the Defense world, we have had to outrun a lot of risk over the last few years on some fixed-priced development programs, and a lot of that risk is now getting wrung out, and it took some time. AWC, International Tanker, Howard, you know the list, and I think we do have the opportunity to be in a steadier state there. Obviously, in Commercial Airplanes, I mean we have gone through two very difficult development programs simultaneously that had a financial impact on our company, and we are hopeful of getting through that into an environment with lower R&D and evening out production of new airplanes and harvesting rate increases on existing airplanes. I meant it when I said in my comments that we have the single-biggest opportunity in this industry, with new technology that our competitor has difficulty matching, that's the 87 and the 47-8 and in-demand airplanes that satisfy customers and produce very high margins: 37, 777, and a steadier state in BDS and a big international opportunity in BDS. And so we've got an environment where -- we live in an industry which is not totally predictable, Howard, in case you haven't noticed. But we have a little more visibility operationally now than we had staring at the pile of work three years ago.
W. McNerney: I take it will -- what we're seeing is that unit and program margins are really pretty close. This quarter, it was principally mix, customer mix and so pricing, nothing to do with the cost line. As we get to the end of the year though and we start delivering 87s and 47, you'll see a departure in unit margins will be a lot lower than program margins because of those deliveries.
W. McNerney: Well, the order environment is robust. Yes, there is a bias toward raising production rates even higher than we've announced. But we have not yet finally answered that question yet. I think the NEO has not, to date, had a significant impact on our customer base. I think it seems to have done a good job fending off the Canadians in the Airbus customer base, I think it's fair to say. And I think the Airbus has upgraded some of their order book to the NEO. But we still see the same opportunity, keeping in mind that the NEO was all about closing a gap they had with us, and we're going to further extend our capability. We're investing and extending the current capability as well as taking a hard look at the new airplane. So yes, I think the quick answer to your question is robust order book, still see an opportunity to raise. We'll figure it out as we go along.
W. McNerney: The amount of rework is decreasing dramatically, with each new airplane that comes in, and that's my condition of assembly comment which is that our supplier partners have got all their work completed before it gets to us so we don't have to do it. And also a dramatically decreased amount of engineering change coming out of flight test as we near the end of it. So the newer airplanes, orders of magnitude, less work. The earlier airplanes where a lot of work has to be done, the work scope is understood. There is a lot of work to do on some of them. We've set up a factory-within-a-factory to get it done. We understand the work statement. There is no mystery about what has to be done. It's a matter of time and effort, and it's been thought about before we've offered guidance.
W. McNerney: No. None of the work has yet to be figured out, if that's sort of the gist of your question. I mean I think we understand the work statement. We understand the fix, we understand the workaround, we understand the change that has to be made. It's a matter of scheduling it and getting it done.
W. McNerney: I think the balance favors pulling in, finding room in our skyline. In other words, handling demand, which is not to say that some people aren't pushing us to send them airplanes a little later, others are asking -- I would characterize it as kind of normal conversations in a slightly capacity-constrained environment. I mean I think that's the way I'd characterize it, nothing dramatically abnormal.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean I think I would -- without trying to put too fine a point, I would characterize it as a couple of points along the way that would -- when you connect all the dots, the ramp would be pretty smooth. But we're talking about late '13 to get to 10. And you're right, that is a significant challenge but our partners are positioned to do it, and we have the capacity and the manning to do it as well. And the key to this whole thing is condition of assembly healing up coming into our factories. And that looks like it is on track. That's the key.
W. McNerney: No, no. It will be -- this would sort of get me into guidance for periods that we haven't talked about. So I don't want to give you too much granularity, but it's -- we'll be in a better position to talk about it when we go in to EIS.
W. McNerney: No, I'm not trying to signal any change here, Susanna. I mean I think this is the year where we've got to harden up our plans to give our customers and our suppliers the direction they need. And this is all during 2011, my by-year-end comment wasn't meant to suggest 12/31. It was meant to suggest that we're going to sort through it this year. And it's all consistent with making a decision on the re-engine yes or no and timing, to meet Airbus' timing if we decide to do that, or meet the 2019, 2020 with a new airplane. So I'm not trying to signal any change in our decision making.
W. McNerney: I think it's all of the above. These are integrated decisions where you need to confirm technical readiness, you need to confirm market demand and make sure that your major customers are with you as you make this decision. And these are iterative processes. You need to make sure that your supply base can handle it. And I wish it was just one conversation with everybody and then you decide. That's not just the way it works in this business. These are very complicated integrated systems, so it takes time.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean you'd have to ask them specifically. I'm just observing that we haven't seen any switch of our current customer base, which is large and deep. I haven't seen any switch to the NEO, haven't seen any serious conversations yet about switching to the NEO, and haven't seen any erosion in our backlog. Most of the actions, so far on the NEO has been within Airbus' customer base and within some jump balls between the Bombardier airplane and the NEO. That's just the observation we've made so far.
W. McNerney: I think we're still sorting through it, and there is not yet a final conclusion as you know, Chris. I think the initial data that I think we're all seeing is suggesting a possible workmanship issue on an airplane rather than a design issue across a fleet of airplanes. In any case, we want to get to the truth as quickly as possible and support the inspection and any rework that's needed to make sure that the flying public is as safe as possible.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean I'm in a tough position here. I mean I don't want to make a conclusive statement because we're not done with the investigation. But I would say the initial data points more in that direction.
W. McNerney: Well, I think the concern, obviously, is if oil prices get to the point where it has a significant impact on overall economic activity. Because that inevitably, will have an impact on demand for transportation. So exactly where that tipping point is, I don't know. But obviously, if the price trend is straight up, you're concerned more about that. And so that would be the concern I’d have. Obviously, at high-ish prices, like where we are now or even a little below where we are now, our technology offers answers for high oil prices for airlines that need it given the fuel efficiency of the machines. And so as long as overall economic activity isn't impacted, that we think there will be robust demand for more fuel-efficient airplanes.
W. McNerney: I don't know. I don't want to get in the game of predicting, but I think you have to run a business assuming that they're going to remain high. If you make another assumption, you have an opportunity to make a big mistake.
W. McNerney: I think the bulk of those, they're tracking to the same timetable. We would expect to get to the bulk of both by year-end.
W. McNerney: I see. Listen, I'm convinced it is a critically important area, not only for our national security but our national defense. So we are looking to add capability to our company in this area, as well as internally grow it. Obviously, I can't talk about any specific things we're looking at or not looking at right now. But the bias is to keep developing that capability aggressively.
W. McNerney: Well, I think if you're talking, as we've discussed before or I discussed before in the Defense and Security area, I mean unmanned systems, services and C4ISR capability are sort of targets where external growth can supplement internal strength.
W. McNerney: That's a good question. I think that is not something that looks probable now. But it is part of our consideration. And I think the logic goes if you're offering a new plane just a few years after your competitor is offering a re-engined plane and you're already continually improving what you've got, that step does not need to be taken. But all options remain on the table. I've given you the bias as to where the data is pushing us right now, but that is one of the options that we're looking at.
W. McNerney: Yes, I think just starting with your first broad question, we are going to be hiring and growing employment in Puget Sound and in South Carolina over the foreseeable future. Obviously, production rates are fueling, as well as new airplanes, 87 and the 47-8 are fueling, really, an unprecedented growth for Commercial Airplanes. And in South Carolina, it's obviously a new airplane, new growth. So now as to the specifics of the work scope on new airplanes, on the tail, we're sorting through an analysis. We did have some issues on the -8, and so we're trying to figure out the best place to build that tail, and we'll be talking about it in more detail later. But as we've also discussed, we're going to be doing more of the engineering on future airplanes in Boeing and somewhat less of it with our suppliers. So there'll be a broad-based bias, upward employment going forward. So the employment story is a very strong story.
W. McNerney: I'm not sure exactly on the timing when we're going to make that call. It's under evaluation right now, Dominic.
W. McNerney: Well, it's all about the extent to which our suppliers have completed their work on these large sections that are part of their work scope. And I think the program has been plagued over the last few years with these major subsections coming in and not being completed, and which has driven the rework we've had to do in Everett, which has disrupted things. And so when I say dramatic increase, I mean we're getting near to the point where they're coming in 100% fully assembled. We're not quite there yet, but we're very near that point.
W. McNerney: Yes. I think some of the work we have to do is driven by what we've discovered in flight tests, some engineering changes, and some of those things apply to every airplane and then it gets spiraled back into the production system. So there is some change that has to go on, but it's not because the planes weren't fully completed. It's because some engineering changes came out of flight tests that we had to spiral in. But that's going to die down also as soon as flight test is completed pretty quickly here.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean I think we'll need to do that well into next year and probably, most of next year to complete all the work that came out of flight test plus some of the condition of assembly.
W. McNerney: Well, I think that's the point. I mean what we're trying to do is make that work standardized with the same people doing as much as possible, the same tasks on as many airplanes as possible which gives us speed and gives us quality.
James Bell: Doug, I can give you our current thinking, which is largely unchanged, I think from the last time we discussed it. By the end of this year, we should have a sharper view of new airplane versus re-engine. As you know, most of the data and customer feedback is suggesting to us that the new airplane option is the most favorable. But we'll get to that decision on a timely basis. We're at 2019-2020, that's the timeframe that the market seems to want this new airplane and where we can deliver technologies that can make a meaningful difference. We see a plane that will be an orderly transition. The heart of the market is an orderly transition from the heart of the market today, maybe a slight upgrading in terms of capacity of the airplane. But the real story about the airplane will be much more economical, much more efficient for customers to use. That's what that market segment needs, and we're in the definition process there. As we've had historically, we are ramping up production rates on the current airplane, which by the way, we are improving significantly as we go along. I mean we have plans to upgrade the capability. Airbus hopes to sort of close the gap that they've got with us on cash, cash-on-cash cost with their re-engining, and we hope to stay out ahead of that gap-closing activity with some of our spiraling-in on the current airplane. So we're not standing still over the next 9 years at all. And so we think there'll be a steady drumbeat of improvement, culminating with the new airplane toward the end of the decade. That's the current thinking, to be validated. Re-engining option is still being looked at, but I'd be less than candid if I didn't say the leader in the clubhouse is the all-new airplane.
James Bell: No, I would not until we understand exactly what we're going go do. But I think you got to look at, we've got two major development programs that we have in development over the last several years, and if you look at the peak R&D spending, we'll use the same model on the new airplane as we've used on the 87. So you won't see much difference in terms of how we distribute the cost. But the fact of the matter is we've been working two major development programs, and we've had a lot of issues on them. So we wouldn't anticipate in the new program replicating those same issues. And so you can think your way through that the R&D spend at the height would be lower even on a new program whether it be re-engined or whether it be a new airplane, because we're only going to do one of those programs one at a time.
James Bell: Let me answer that, Joe. A couple of things. First and foremost, we're looking at the 37 and the 777, both are mature programs producing good margins. We think the extension to the order base, quite frankly, allows us to continue to extend getting those good margins year-over-year. There will be competitive pressure to maintain selling those airplanes, all of those that are ordered, the extensions aren't sold today, some are and some are sold to some of our favorite customers. And that's what we're just doing, and as we are able over time with the same volume to produce more productivity, it will show up in those margins in subsequent periods. But right now, we think it's appropriate to have it balanced at the current high margins that both of those programs are producing.
James Bell: I think that that’s some of it. Because as you know, we do have some competitive pricing for some customers other than -- and then also, all of them aren't sold. So we don't know what's going to be out there just yet, but we think that the margins that -- on those airplanes today are so high, if we can just continue them, we'll be happy for an extended period of time.
James Bell: So the R&D was up on the Commercial Airplanes this quarter, it was down in BDS. So we're pretty flat quarter-over-quarter at the company level Howard. Clearly, when we talked in the fourth quarter, I indicated then that we thought we'd get about 15% of the operating results in this quarter. We've clearly done better than that with about 20% of them. We obviously are static by having a good start to the year. But I don't want to lose sight of the fact that we still have two major development programs that we need to deliver on mid-year and third quarter. And so I'm obviously cautious about, and aware of that, Howard, and so I would look at in second quarter, barring any developmental issues arising on the flight test and as we move towards the completion of certification, we’d have a lot more insight as to what improvements we saw in first quarter will be sustainable throughout the course of the year.
James Bell: Yes. Most of it is the R&D and it's just the effort that we're applying on getting through the certification, testing on both programs. There's nothing special in there like the supplier payments we saw in fourth quarter.
James Bell: Yes, some of it is R&D and probably some of the fleet support effort as well, and that will build over the course of the year as we get closer to the entry in service on the 787.
James Bell: Absolutely. After the two airplanes are certified, we expect to see the R&D spend drop in the latter half of the year.
James Bell: So on the satellite, we booked back the revenues on milestones. So some of the milestones slipped out. So that's sort of the timing issue, and we'll pick up the recognition of that over the course of the year, Heidi. On the two maintenance contracts we talked about, we're on the front end of those contracts, and so we've had some issues in absolutely performing the work. It has a sort of an integrated logistics feel to it that you have to have availability, and we had some aggressive requirements on the front end that we didn't quite get the way we wanted to early on, but we will get there. And on the others, it's more of a mod contract and we're just starting it up. So again, some issues on the front end but we think we worked our way through them. And so both of those programs will smooth out over time.
James Bell: Unit goes down dramatically because of the 87s and 47s. And so I don't know if it's negative but it surely -- it probably will be. In fact, I think they will be. It's just going to be dramatic because as you know, we will be booking the costs associated with the early lots against the revenues on a unit basis, so it gets down pretty significant.
James Bell: Just where we've guided you, high single-digits is where we expect it to be, taking into consideration the contracting environment we're seeing with the U.S. government and somewhat helped by where we believe as we capture opportunities in the international market.
