Greg Smith: Operating performance from our 777 and 737 programs and our services business helped offset margin dilution from our planned increase in 787 fleet support for airplane deliveries to new customers and higher 787 and 747-8 deliveries. This strong operating performance is a testament to the focus and determination of our teams as they continue to execute and drive productivity and profitability on our airplane programs.  Gross inventory for the company included $25.5 billion related to the 787 program, an increase in the fourth quarter of approximately $700 million. This is driven by the planned increase in production rates on the program, partially offset by the increased deliveries.  Included in the work in process inventory are the deferred production costs. The deferred balance for the program was $15.9 billion at the end of the fourth quarter and includes approximately 46 airplanes still in process. Commercial airplanes captured $26 billion of orders during the quarter, and increased backlog to a record $319 billion.  Turning now to Defense, Space, & Security results on slide nine, our defense business generated $8.3 billion of revenue during the fourth quarter, with strong operating margins of 9%. For the full year, Boeing Defense, Space, & Security reported sales of $32.6 billion, a 2% increase from the prior year driven largely by higher P-8 and Apache deliveries and growth in our service and support business. International customers accounted for 24% of our defense revenue in 2012.  Aircraft deliveries increased to 34 in the quarter, and were 144 for the full year. Operating margins for the year were 9.4%. Ongoing affordability efforts at our defense business further reduced our cost structure, allowing the business to continue to be more competitive in this challenging environment. Our focus on market-based affordability efforts will continue into 2013. Boeing Military Aircraft revenue was $4.2 billion in the fourth quarter, a 5% increase, driven by higher volume on U.S. Air Force Tanker and deliveries of P-8. Operating margins of 8.1% was primarily driven by delivery mix.  Network Space Systems reported $1.9 billion in revenue. Operating margins of 6.2% reflect lower earnings versus fourth quarter 2011, due to lower margin on our ground-based mid-course defense contract and favorable contract settlements on several satellite programs in 2011. Global Services & Support had fourth quarter revenues of $2.3 billion, primarily driven by lower volume on the C-17 sustainment contract. Operating margins improved in the quarter to 13.1%, reflecting strong performance in integrated logistics. Defense, Space & Security maintained a solid backlog of $71 billion, reflecting more than two times current revenue. International business remains very strong, with approximately 41% of our current defense backlog representing sales to customers outside the United States. If we could now turn to slide 10, Boeing Capital generated $116 million in revenue during the quarter. The portfolio balance remains steady at $4.1 billion. Unallocated expense for the core operations of $200 million was relatively stable compared to prior quarter. Moving now to cash flow, on slide 11, as I mentioned earlier, we had very strong operating cash flow in 2012. The $9.1 billion of operating cash generated by the businesses was driven by higher deliveries of both commercial and defense, strong core operating performance in both the businesses, and timing of international business captured at our defense business in 2012. Moving now to cash and debt balances on slide 12, we ended the year with $13.5 billion of cash and marketable securities. Debt levels were down during the quarter on scheduled debt maturities, and as Jim indicated, based on our strong liquidity, continued cash management, and increased confidence in our backlog and production plans, in December we increased our dividend 10% and announced our plan to resume share repurchase in 2013. We expect to spend about $1.5 billion to $2 billion on repurchases in 2013.
Greg Smith: I’ll try and get all that. The MAX development is going very well. I think we are hitting all benchmarks at or slightly in advance of schedule. Our engine partner, Snecma, and GE, [unintelligible], are hitting their benchmarks, so our confidence is growing every day that we will deliver that airplane, not only on time, but at the performance and productivity levels at least that we’ve promised. So we’re feeling very good about that. I think the -10, as you know, we have been conditionally offering the airplane in the marketplace and the response has been very strong. And so that is less of a technical challenge in the sense of there’s not as much technical scope to that airplane, so our confidence is growing daily that that airplane is going to be a winner at a price and value equation that makes sense for both Boeing and their customers. So I don’t want to prejudge when we might reach a final launch decision, but good progress toward that. Very good progress toward that. Ronald J. Epstein – BofA Merrill Lynch:
Greg Smith: Well, the pipeline is pretty good. We are mindful that there is softness in the cargo market. So we are getting volume the old fashioned way on this program right now, which is finding customers, working with them. We’re very fortunate that the economics of this airplane, particularly in the cargo market, are very, very compelling. So notwithstanding a difficult market situation, as we sit here today we have confidence that we’re going to be able to hold rate. But we’re going to be taking a look at it every quarter. But right now we have a good pipeline of folks that we’re working with that gives us confidence that we can hold rate. When that changes, we’ll discuss it.
Greg Smith: Yeah, you would have. It’s predominantly -9, and then increased rates, as I said, some of the supply chain actually broke rate earlier than planned. But primarily -9.
Greg Smith: Are you talking about the robustness of the supply chain? The plane’s largely designed. And it’s flowing. So we’re beyond the place, in general, where a major redesign is going to cause disruptions in the supply chain. I think it tends to be more of an issue during the development phase of an airplane.
Greg Smith: Nothing we’ve learned has told us yet that we have made the wrong choice on the battery technology. We feel good about the battery technology, and its fit for the airplane. We’ve just got to get to the root cause of these incidents, and we’ll take a look at the data as it unfolds. But there’s nothing we’ve learned that causes us to question that decision at this stage.
Greg Smith: Yeah. Listen, I can understand where that question comes from. I see it just the opposite, quite frankly. My view is, we want to work more efficiently with suppliers, reduce cycle time, which generally increases quality in almost every case I’ve been involved in, share business processes, as opposed to throwing things across fences to each other. And so it is not a cost-squeeze initiative. It is an improve process initiative, and costs will come out of it. And the people that are willing to make that investment in process improvement are the ones we want to do business with. And so the objective is to increase quality through improved process, and as a result, reduce cost. That’s the objective.
Jim McNerney: Well, Doug, you’ve presented a highly hypothetical situation that’s very difficult for me to comment on. I can’t predict an outcome, and I’m not going to. We’re in the middle of an investigation. We’re making progress in the investigation. We have got every expert in the world looking at this issue. We are working with the regulatory agencies productively, and for me to predict an outcome, or to sort of drive any kind of a hypothetical follow-on set of actions off a hypothetical is just not someplace I could go.  And so our plan, as you know, is to continue production of the 787, and to continue the development of the wide body airplanes we’ve told you about. And we’re continuing to do that. 
Jim McNerney: No. It isn’t. This is a highly compartmentalized issue. We have a deep supply chain with expertise, and we have deep expertise within Boeing. I mean, we’re bringing people from all around Boeing to help look at this. And because of the specialized nature of the technology and of the investigation, it’s not drawing from any critical resources on any other growth programs we’ve got.
Jim McNerney: Well, I think my answer to Doug’s second question sort of puts a dimension around the drain on resources, which is not significant. Look, I cannot talk about any of the specific paths of investigation, but I can assure that there is a comprehensive root cause analysis and related series of technical efforts that I am confident will identify the root cause of these incidents. And so confidence in the process, confidence in the right resources, confidence that it’s not distracting to the balance of Boeing, and when we know the answer, we’ll know the answer, and we’ll act on it. And again, as much as it frustrates me, it also frustrates you. I really can’t comment on the specifics at this stage. 
Jim McNerney: As I said earlier, the planes that are expected to deliver this year do have significantly more work than the 2012 airplanes we delivered, so that’s why there’s this longer flow. So we’re not able to deliver 32 like we did in 2012. Looking forward, as I’ve said before, right now the plan is to have them complete by 2015, all airplanes out of EMC. We’re certainly working to pull that to the left as much as we can, but that’s the current plan that we have in front of us.
Jim McNerney: Yeah, I think the quick answer would be every operating metric that I think you would be contemplating with your question - quality metric, jobs behind schedule, open jobs, [travel to] work, those kinds of things that are indirect measures of quality and delivery - are all improving significantly and at the rate that we anticipated in our learning curve. So we’re feeling very good about that.  A subset of that would be Charleston. Charleston, I would say, ahead of most of the metrics that we’d planned on down there, and a terrific job by the team of standing that up. I think in terms of in-service, the second part of your question, the in-service numbers as reported by our customers, which is the acid test, have been at or better than we had promised them. I think the in-service, whether it’s fuel efficiency or whether it’s range, or whether it’s the kind of cabin experience that we wanted them to be able to provide to their customers, early dispatch reliability, were all sort of on par with either experience we’d had introducing new airplanes.  And in the case of dispatch reliability, or as we’d promised in terms of fuel burn and we haven’t fully gone through the whole maintenance equation, so it’s tough predict that. And they’re the ones to ask. Most customers would say that the experience has been as promised. Now we’re working the battery issue. 
