W. James McNerney: Thanks, Greg. With a strong first quarter behind us, we remained focused on disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvements and meeting customer commitments. Our priority is going forward remained clear, but profitable ramp-up and production of our commercial airplane programs, executing on our commercial and defense development programs driving productivity and affordability throughout the enterprise continuing to strengthen and position our Defense business with investments and growth areas a mid further international expansion and importantly providing increasing value to both our customers and shareholders. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
W. James McNerney: No, I think I mentioned before month-to-month you are going to see variance and deliveries certainly what you just describe had an initial impact on specific timing and at the same time we are introduce in the airplanes to 18 new customers this year. So you are going to see a change in cadence month-over-month, but like I said when you look at tail number by tail number through the balance of the year we are comfortable that we can get to the 110 deliveries.Cai von Rumohr – Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
W. James McNerney: Good morning Joe.Joseph B. Nadol – J.P. Morgan: Just on the back to the 787 thinking through the next couple of years, your rate is going to be flat at 10 a month. You're going to have a mixed shift though from Dash 8 to Dash 9. And so Dash 8s are actually going to come down in rate, while the Dash 9s are coming up. Your margins are higher right now, your cash burn is lower per unit by far on Dash 8s, but there is a lot of moving parts here as we think about the deferred profile.
W. James McNerney: Hey carter.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just a quick clarification on a disclosure and a question. Greg, with respect to the Universe's program differences which were 1.8 versus the 1.5 in deferred production on the 87, I wondered if you could tell us what program that pertain to? And then additionally a question, I just wanted to address kind of BCA absolute profit dollars and the guidance, it looks like if you look at what you did in the – profit in the first quarter and were the guidance is for BCA for the year in absolute dollars. On a kind of run rate basis, it would imply the profit is down and the remaining three quarters just by the fact that the deliveries will be up and even on some profitable platforms like the 37 not just the 87. So I wondered if you could help reconcile that and tell us how to think about what might be driving that or whether you got some conservatism there.
W. James McNerney: Well, I don’t see incentive program well is designed to change behavior I think is design to reinforce today that I think we have been talking about which is the balance innovation productivity customer satisfaction and shareholder returns. I mean its and I wouldn’t characterize it has a seismic shift in our program we moved more of it toward what you would refer to its performance based if there is a TSR measurement that keeps us focused on relative stock price which sort of the question of all of those things. And so we are just trying to tighten up and focus our management on the things that are important. We are not trying to say different things are important.Samuel J. Pearlstein – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,: And if I can follow that up, based on your buyback pace in the first quarter, it seems like with the dividend you'll already have returned 85% of your free cash this year to shareholders. Can we expect to see that going up?.
W. James McNerney: Yes, yes, I would say we are committed to deploying our cash efficiently and obviously up to a strong start in the first quarter. We had 8.3 billion still under authorization that we planned use over the next two to three years, so we will continue to focus in that area.Samuel J. Pearlstein – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,:  Great thanks.
W. James McNerney: I think about it in two dimensions, smaller bolt on deals that provide vertical strength and that's ISR, that’s cyber, that's all the things that make platforms strong or make networks more secure. There are either part of the platform we sell or something we can sell on its own, the vertical strength and then services capability. We have by far the largest base out there as you know; we've heard me say it, we have a very large services business. I think the services business can even get bigger and of course International you don't leave International out of the discussion, because Boeing has a unique advantage, we have a unique industrial base and engineering base around the world and affiliations, because of our commercial business, which is a leverageable thing when we start offset programs in support of military business. So those capital in support of those initiatives on top of what I mentioned before which is more of a portfolio of products I think those are the strategies that will sustain this business and enable us to sustain margins and a slow growth environment.Ron Epstein – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay thank you.
W. James McNerney: Yes, I mean again our assumption is a more for less world over the next couple of decades. Okay and the partnering for success program offers a win-win to the suppliers that we do business with and the – and as I characterize before we are in the early innings of this game and I would say 25% to 30% of our base has reach some form agreement with us on how do go forward I would say another third we are in deep discussion we are close to coming to some agreements, which are characterize by mutual benefit. I mean this is not just we want share margin and be nice to us from that this is a broader business arrangement that does reflect the more for less world that I see out in front of Boeing. And so these arrangements often do have price reduction associated with a significant price reduction associated with, but also have benefits to our partners. And so its we have already baked in substantial money into our EACs based on the agreements we’ve reached so far. Now look this is a pure gravy, I mean this the reason we are doing this as we have world out there is putting pressure on us that is putting cash pressure on us. And we are trying to respond to that. And so you see our margins sort of steadily improving that remains our objective. And by the way we are working as hard in our internal costs if not harder then we are working on costs in our supply base I mean I feel quite proud and incredible standing in front of the supply base and telling them that I expect the same from them that I’m expecting from my team and so this is not a zero sum game, this is a how do we win together game and the – you will – the financial impact of improvement we make in our business relationships, we’ll be seeing will increase overtime over the next decade, because a lot of these arrangements involve technology and procurement or things that will flow out and are growing over the next decade, that’s when you will begin to see the impact, but its already in the order of billion of dollars over a medium and long-term and there is more where that came from.John D. Godyn – Morgan Stanley & Co.:  Its very thorough, very helpful. Thank you.
W. James McNerney: I think I would characterize the progress is good so far. I think we’re finding yields that have mutual benefit, significant benefit for our customers and as well as benefit for our partners and it sometimes takes time to find that – to find those deals as you've noted there's been a couple of events along the way that to reflect the seriousness of the discussions, but we're making good progress and the benefit – the beneficiary of progress here will be the customers of the Boeing and the employees of Boeing. Because it's going to create a stronger company and, so I feel good about the progress while still at the same time recognizing that the discussions are not always easy. They are difficult, but Boeing's the ultimate strength we have here is that Boeing's perspective success is some based on our product lines and are people something that people want to be part of and so ultimately that what's bringing people together.
W. James McNerney: Sure.Dominic Gates – The Seattle Times: About the transfer of engineering work because it is top of mind with people here. If we look at something like BR&T shift to St. Louis, Charleston, Huntsville out of Puget Sound, whatever the business and strategic rational it seems like there are two possible negative impacts. One is that there is because the growth elsewhere is less than the job eliminated here there is a net reduction and engineering positions. And then secondly, there is a terrible hit the morale among engineers here not just the ones who are not tagged for moving but everybody else here. So are you – how do you address this concern about losing capability and hit to morale among your workforce here.
W. James McNerney: Well, in the mines of most of us, these moves strength in our company. Strength in our engineering capability these are not designed in anyway say perform to week in our company is this pension between proximity and centers of excellence that I mentioned in answering Al’s question that were trying to balance. Listen I realize that moving work around a very large corporation can be controversial at the local level, I understand that and its but I think we eventually have to come together as a team and keep making progress this company is making progress and I think as we see further success in the future we will fight through the dislocations that happen not only in Seattle but in a lot of other places around Boeing as we try to optimize the right work placement for our engineering capability. So we will keep working it.
W. James McNerney: Sure.Steve Wilhelm – Puget Sound Business Journal: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about in terms of the 777X assembly. What kind of robotization in automation are you planning both in terms of the wing assembly but also final assembly and how that going to look different from the current system.
W. James McNerney: We are always trying to move improve our manufacturing processes and a lot of our advance work is looking at some different forms of automation and we have not yet made the decision which specifically to deploy where and when, but you will continue to see us make progress on productivity and automation beyond where we are today will play a role and it’s very important that we do that to maintain our competitiveness.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean just to point of clarity, Rob, not all the $300 million hits the 787 that was for all IAM members including folks that are on the 787 program, but I think as you think about deferred going forward as I mentioned in my remarks, we've got some quarter-over-quarter some step down pricing that we have with our supply chain that’s already contracted and at the same time continuing to make progress on unit cost and productivity and I mentioned that the progress that's been made up to now. And I'll tell you there's a lot obviously in work around ahead of improved slow, ahead of improved productivity and just like I think it will be go back in time when we stabilized rate on any program that’s were the team to really been able to capture productivity and that’s expected here. So quarter-over-quarter we are going to as I said we will see improvement coming of this quarter into second quarter and we still again expect to peek at about $25 billion. And then you know it will hold flat as I mentioned before relatively flat and then once we hit a 12 a month as where you will start to see as burning that of. So we got to stay focused on productivity we got to stay focused on deliveries as we have and stay focused on rate readiness get into 12 a month. So across the board you know teams to in a very good job staying focusing on those elements…
Greg Smith: Good morning.Doug Stuart Harned – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: You talked about 777X transition and I would assume at this point you have a good sense of 777 demand later in the decade as you are working through a lot of the negotiations on combined orders for 300ERs and 777Xs, but do you expect to be able to maintain 300ER production rates through the decade, I mean could you describe your strategy just for the bridge and potentially any need you may have for discounting given the large production quantities that are planned for the A350, the A7 and potentially the A330.
Greg Smith: Yes, I mean the pipeline gives us comfort and these are real discussions with – you have to remember the 777 customer base is one of the biggest and most loyal customer bases that we have. So this is not discussions that are just happening in a vacuum, these are with people who have both additional 777 needs in the medium term and then longer term would need the new model to significantly increase performance and productivity for themselves and there's a large overhang of options, there's a large overhang of other forms of commitments that give us comfort that this will happen and there is almost 10 years from now until when the replacement model will be introduced so there's plenty of time to garner the economics of the base of 777.Doug Stuart Harned – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC:  Okay, very good. Thank you.
Greg Smith: Well, certainly when you look at the mix there is still going to be a lot of Dash 8s and that will be in the predominance of the deliveries for the next – a little while here, next couple of years, really, they will still be dominated by Dash 8s. So, we’re obviously still expecting improvement on the Dash 9 and as I mentioned, Joe even on the first six units we’re seeing the unit costs coming down. So, we’ve anticipated that in the current booking rates, but I think mix really starts to come into play when you get much further out in the blocks and when you see the mix of Dash 10, Dash 9 and Dash 8s in there. I think you’re still going to see some as we move further into the skyline you're going to see more people converting from Dash 8 to Dash 9 and potentially Dash 9 to Dash 10 just because of it fulfills their mission more efficiently so that mix will impact later in the block the near-term.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean it's very hard obviously to compare the Dash 8s to the first Dash 9s considering where we are, but I would say they are coming down the learning curve as we would expect them to, so I think they are making good progress. At the same time, they are incorporating production efficiencies that we’ve realized on the Dash 8, they're getting into the Dash 9 and also working anywhere were they had opportunity to work any commonality on manufacturing processes and so on. So again, hard to compare tail number to tail number at this point, because it's so early on the program, but we're seeing the improvements that we would expect there, we’ve certainly got more work to do, but off to a good start.
Greg Smith: Sure. to start with first – on the Universe's program almost 85% of that was 787, so as you look at it Carter, you will see unit improvement quarter-over-quarter there and I always got to caution you that may not be the case every time because of the mix of deliveries through EMC, Charleston and Dash 9s now and Everett, but again we're seen in the right level of improvement unit-over-unit there, so continue to focus in that area. On the guidance, certainly off to a good start early, there's a lot of things obviously we’ve got to work through the balance of the year. I think we've got good plans in place to do that. We are making in some investments, continuing to make investments in efficiency and the production system, so you'll see some of those investments be hitting more later in the year that we will certainly benefit from years to come. That we don’t have early on. And then some mix in volumes differences between what were see in the service business in the first quarter through the balance. So we are going to continue to focus on execution, continue to focus on productivity and if we continue to do that will update you going forward, but we are obviously focused on like I said those basic elements to continue to drive the production system and capture as much should be efficiency as we can.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, Inc.: On that unit versus program number there wasn't a negative delta of any significance for any of the other programs? – See more at:
Greg Smith: Well I’ll swing at that one Howard, I mean I think it’s a very important point, you are raising with that question. I think we have a highly valued workforce a number of whom are unionized; we now have a much more stable visible set of outcomes in front of us with them. And which I do think coming out of an era where we may have on the margin relied too much on some outside work, I think this gives us the option where its smart to do some of the work inside and I’m not trying to acquire big seismic shift. I’m trying to say it gives us the option and given that it’s a highly valued workforce that has some new economics associated with it which is what we accomplished with the agreements, I think it gives us the option to use the best mix of inside outside toward the end of the delivering reliably on-time highly valued products to our customers. So I think its another arrow in the quiver as we strive to remain the world’s best aerospace company.Howard A. Rubel – Jefferies LLC: And then to follow that up, I mean if I add back R&D in the quarter to the operating margins at commercial and compare it with the year ago and maybe even adjust for 78 deliveries where there were 18 versus one. You are on the order of almost 500 basis point improvement in profitability Greg, I mean is there one or two things that you can point to, I mean this did absorb some of the changes in the benefit class, so it’s a pretty notable statement.
Greg Smith: Yes, Howard I would say predominantly improved performance on 737 and 777. I would say were the biggest drivers in there, but as I mentioned earlier and Jim has mentioned many times we're really focused on productivity across all cost elements, certainly continue to work partnering for success, but at but at the same time challenging our sales internally on any – all forms of costs, period costs, productivity and the 777 is a great example right 8,000 airplanes, best selling aircraft ever and we’re still able to capture additional productivity gains there and so it's a great testament to the team's focus on that, and that's really where you're seeing the improvement and obviously we’re trying – we are staying focused on that to continue to improve that going forward on all programs.Howard A. Rubel – Jefferies LLC: Thank you, gentlemen.
Greg Smith: Yes.Jason M. Gursky – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: You had nice margin performance there for the last several years and yet what you are suggesting over the next couple of quarters is a deceleration in the margin outlook. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the dynamic that might be going on there to help us understand why we would see a deceleration throughputs there.
Greg Smith: Yes. Well I mean Jason as you know especially when it comes to services and the thousands of contracts that exist any services organization mix really comes into play here. So we are not anticipating any performance derogation at all, its just purely mix quarter-over-quarter or through the balance of the year that is driving that but at the same time very focused on performance. There is no question there is EOD budget pressure that’s out there that we continue to face day-in and day-out and manage our way through that but again the team is focused on executing flawlessly on the contracts they have and focused on productivity through the partnering for success and the market based affordability initiatives that Jim described. So I wouldn’t read anymore into that other than what I just described.Jason M. Gursky – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean the managing a global supply chain is chain is what we do, its what we do every day and there are potential disruptions in many places around the world. Right now everybody is focused on Russia as we are and we have good contingency plans in place if some unlikely but possible outcomes occur there.
Greg Smith: Yes, yes we can hear you. Go ahead.Alwyn Scott – Thomson Reuters Corp: Okay, I tried to pick up my handset last time, so apologizes.
Greg Smith: Coming through loud and clear.Alwyn Scott – Thomson Reuters Corp: Okay. I wondered if you could talk about how does this effort to move engineering talent around help you. And don't you need your engineers in the place where the products are built in order to have the best efficiency there? So, how is moving them more efficient? And, also, don't you risk losing engineers in Washington, say, by these kinds of moves? Those are concerns obviously that have been raised locally in Washington state, and I just wanted to hear how you might address that.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean I think there is – the fundamental principle here is as the world's largest aerospace company that has been put together out of the path of a number of different – a number of different acquisitions over the years. We have engineering talent around the company that is extraordinary. And where we place work there is tension between engineering work being done right next to the product on one hand and on the other doing it in the place that has the best engineers for the task at hand or so-called centers of excellence and there will always be a balance there. And what we're trying is achieve the right balance between centers of excellence and proximity that leaves us with the strongest company that will take us from $50 billion in sales we were a decade ago to numbers that are much bigger than that that we're headed towards and so it's an equation we're balancing all the time and what I do know is it will mean that we will not only be St. Louis centric for certain kinds of engineers or Seattle centric for other kinds f engineers or Huntsville centric for other kinds of engineers, it will be a blend all in the name of creating the strongest possible Boeing.
Greg Smith: Listen I think this is one where we have been working very closely with the legislative and political leadership in the state of Washington, we are very sensitive to both sides of this question, obviously we want to find our way though this issue in a way that allows us to keep developing and manufacturing the world’s best airplanes, but still be sensitive to some of the local sensitives. I’m highly confident that we can find a solution here.
