Dennis A. Muilenburg: Thank you, Greg. With three solid quarters behind us, we remain focused on disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvements, and meeting customer commitments. Our priorities going forward are clear and consistent. The profitable ramp-up in Commercial Airplane production, delivering on our development programs, continuing to strengthen our Defense and Space business, driving productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments innovation, talent and technology, and importantly, providing increasing value to our customers and our shareholders. Now with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And, Doug, just to add a little more color to that as Greg said, in each of those dimensions we have real and firm actions underway. I can tell you for myself, Greg, Ray and the whole team, this is a very important, high priority focus area for us and in each of these productivity dimensions that Greg talked about, the advantage we have here goes to the fact that we've got 800 of these aircraft roughly in backlog. So this gives us the opportunity to do that long-term planning and engagement and to drive profitability with that long-term view. And that is what's going to drive us down the learning curve to get to those objectives that Greg mentioned.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: We do, Doug, and that includes the overarching Partnering for Success umbrella that we've talked about before that includes committed step downs that are in the plan and a continuing effort to drive value generation. So our value engineering effort that we've talked about before with our supply chain network more than 1,000 ideas in the pipeline right now that we're moving from design stage to implementation stage. So both planned and committed step downs as well as additional value generation beyond that.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. Yeah, thanks, Howard. So yeah, just stepping back and I know there's been a lot of discussion out there about the wide body marketplace and the prospects going forward. And let me paint for you a market outlook there and then hone in on those two specific airplanes in particular. But if you take a look at the overall market, we continue to see a growing healthy marketplace. As we said before, a current market outlook for 38,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years in total. We continue to see strong passenger growth, independent assessments again of 6% year-over-year growth throughout the time period. Cargo growth has been more moderated and has been a bit slow to recover as you know but we are seeing some recovery signs there. If you take a look at overall market characteristics, we continue to see a strong healthy marketplace, both narrow bodies and wide bodies. If you take a look at replacement demand, it continues to be strong. We expect about 40% of those aircraft in that market outlook to be driven by replacement demand. And as I said, cancellations and deferrals remain below historic levels as well. So the market fundamentals remain strong. Now when we get to the two products you mentioned, on 787 as noted, with 800 aircraft in backlog and a continuing strong market demand and I think EVA's decision here just in the last couple of weeks to acquire 24 787-10s is just another good sign of the value that that product is bringing to the marketplace. The 787 is delivering value for our customers. The value proposition is clearly a competitive advantage both in terms of operating cost reduction as well as the advantage on revenue and cargo volume and residual value that it brings to the customers. And with the production efficiencies that we're generating, we remain very bullish on 787 and as Greg talked about our plan is to ramp up to 12 a month and then to 14 a month before the end of the decade, all supported by strong market demand and unique value proposition of that airplane. On the 777 we've been very focused on building out the 777 bridge as we've talked about. We needed to generate about 40 to 60 orders per year on the current 777 to build that bridge year-to-date. We've got 44 orders and commitments so we're continuing to fill out that bridge. In essence the 777 line is sold out through 2016, more than half sold in 2017 and we continued with a number of serious campaigns there all bridging to the 777X. And as you pointed out, the 777X is bringing, again, a unique value proposition to the market. Both today's 777 and the 777X have really no peer competitor and bring unique value to our customers. And 777X, having just completed firm configuration, good solid signs on development program, being executed on plan and we plan to have EIS on that airplane 2020 as scheduled. So in all cases, a strong fundamental market, the right differentiated product line, both 787s and 777, and very mindful right now about building a bridge from the 777 to the 777X.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. And we continue to see strong progress. And you're right. We had some challenges as we introduced that airplane into our customer fleets and we've been very focused on reliability improvements both in the field and in the production line. We've seen steadily improving dispatch reliability across our customer set so we're pleased with the progress there. That said, more work to go so we're not done and we're going to continue to drive dispatch reliability there for our customers until we achieve the objectives that we have. So more work to go. I will say that reliability improvements that we've delivered to date in the field and then it back driven into production line are really taking hold. And the best sign of that is with the roughly 50 Dash-9s that we delivered. As they're hitting the fleets, they're coming in at a much higher dispatch reliability than the original Dash-8s. So just further proof that the investments we're making are delivering value for our customers. And we're going to stay very focused on getting to the finish line there.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, hey, Sam. Good morning. Yeah, we remain focused on that aspirational target as we've talked about before. We see margin growth in BCA as an important priority for us. You're seeing it in the data and the results that we're producing. The productivity actions that Greg described earlier are all part of doing that. Part of it is productivity efficiency inside our own factories. Another key portion of that is within our supply chain through our Partnering for Success effort. But if we take the longer term view of what our company can and should be, getting to that mid-teens margin range is an expectation and aspiration that we set for ourselves. And I think that's a smart and aggressive target for the long-term. We're going to stay very focused on it. As Greg had said, with the backlog that we have and the product line that we have, our opportunity to generate long-term cash growth and long-term margin accretion is very strong. And we are taking the right productivity actions both internally and externally to do that. And that will result in increased return to our shareholders, and it will allow us to fund and invest in our future innovation and talent. So we are very focused on doing that and remain steadfast on that longer term target. Now regarding your question around 777 as we think about that transition, obviously a key topic for us here as the 777X will begin coming into the production system in the 2018 timeframe leading to EIS in 2020. As I mentioned earlier, we're building the 777 bridge with today's current product line, leveraging the fact that that airplane does provide a unique value proposition in the marketplace. We're thinking carefully through exactly how we do that transition and the timing of it. As we've talked about before, it's important that we do that efficiently. We're trying to pull ahead some of the technology investment in the line, like automation in the fuselage line, to de-risk that transition. And as I mentioned earlier, we've already implemented that automation here in the 777 line on the Fuselage Upright Build, and that's going well. So that's another way to de-risk that transition and ensure profitability through it. There's been a lot of conversations out there about exactly what the shape of that transition might be. And we're factoring in market demand; as I said, some uncertainty around cargo recovery; frankly, some uncertainty around Ex-Im Bank reauthorization. Those are factors that could cause some customers to delay decisions around wide bodies, so we're being mindful of that. We want to make sure we maintain a highly profitable line through the transition. All of those factors are going into our planning right now. Frankly, with that, we don't see any scenarios where we'd come down below a seven a month production rate during the transition. Important again to remind ourselves that 2016 is essentially sold out; 2017 is more than half sold out. So this transition that we're talking about is a 2017 and beyond transition. And through all of that, we're going to drive this in a way that maximizes profitability at the line, through the transition, allows us to continue to invest in the future and my broader comments about continued cash growth and margin accretion over the long-term all account for that 777 transition. So that's all factored into our bigger game plan.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yep. Yeah. Hey, Jason, on the first question there, yeah, that will be factored into the overall transition plan. And as you're well aware, that's a very common practice for us as we transition model mixes in our high volume lines. As we go from 777 to 777X where we can pull technology and implementation ahead as we're doing with automation we will. That'll make the transition even smoother. In some cases we will fire selected blanks down the production line. That again will help us smooth out implementation and ensure lean implementation. Note that we'll also have some 777 flight test – excuse me, 777X flight test aircraft that will flow through the production system in that same timeframe. So all of that will be factored into the production profile and the transition plan. But again as I said, we look through all the options and variables here both from a market demand standpoint, from a production efficiency standpoint, we don't see any scenarios that would take us below a 7 a month production rate. And we're very confident that we can achieve that implementation, remain very profitable on that line while we do it, and successfully bring the 777X to the marketplace.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, we still see that as a niche market, but an important one, and we're having conversations with our customers. We see today that that market space is largely served by our 737 MAX 8 and 9 family and on the upper end, by the 787, and we think that in large part serves that market space. It's important that a lot of our customers, their buying behavior and their needs are related to families of aircraft. And we still see, in that narrow body marketplace, the MAX 8 as being right at the heart of the market, augmented with the MAX 9 to serve some of those needs that are in that, more the middle of the market segment. So for the near term, we see our current product line as being the right answer for that segment. That said, we're continuing to have conversations with our customers, and if we need to respond with a new airplane in that marketplace, that would be something that would be more towards the middle of the next decade. It's not something that would dramatically affect our R&D profiles over the next four to five years. We think those profiles are very solid with our current development programs, but it is something we're keeping an eye on, continuing to talk with our customers. Understand their needs. And if the market demands a response, we'll be ready.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And to your second question on 777, so as you noted, the R&D investments, the CapEx investments we're making to bring 777X online are all part of the profile that we've shared with you in terms of our total R&D and CapEx investment. Where we can pull those forward and pre-implement on the 777 line to reduce risk, like the Fuselage Upright Build, we are doing that, but all of that is included in our total investment profile for 777X.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, we take a look at the market there, Steve. It continues to show signs of strength and growth. What we're seeing from customers in terms of market demand, especially from 737 MAX continues to be a positive sign for us. As we've told you, we're at 42 a month now, we're ramping to 47 a month and 52 a month by 2018. Those are committed plans that we have in place. We continue to do studies on possibilities of ramping up beyond that. As I said earlier, we're going to maintain very strict financial discipline as we do those studies being very mindful about it. We are still in a slightly over booked position in terms of our order profile for the 737 and all of that just creates general upward pressure to production rates. We're going to be very fiscally responsible as we consider those options. Again our committed plan takes us out through 2018 so we have time to consider these alternatives beyond that. The other thing that I'd like to factor in is the 737 MAX development; the fact that we've achieved power-on on the first airplane, that final assembly is on or ahead of schedule also gives us confidence in terms of the airplane coming together and being ready for EIS with our customer. So both the development program progress as well as the market demand signals show us that narrow bodies are a very robust market for us both short and long-term.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Well, we continue to talk to our supply chain. Certainly it's ramping up to the degree we're ramping up is something that we have to pay attention to. And our supply chain is letting us know where they see pressure points and where we need to work together. Nothing that I would say is out of the ordinary. These are normal ramp-up pressures and we know how to do these rate ramp ups. We've done more than a dozen over the last few years. We've got a few more important ones ahead of us during the next five years. But working across the integrated supply chain and making sure they have the capacity and the capability to deliver on our needs is an important part of the equation. That's one of the things we factor into our committed plans. We remain very confident that our supply chain can meet our ramp up to 52 a month on the MAX. If we were to go beyond that, factoring in supply chain capability is a key component of that decision. Again, we have plenty of time to make that decision with the committed plans we already have in place.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And to your go-forward question, Rob, again as we look at priorities for cash deployment over the next several years, top priority remains organic investment and this is delivering on our development programs like the 777X, the MAX, and the 787-10. We're confident in that and as we said before with the phasing of those programs, our R&D profile year to year we expect to remain consistent. And so that should give you confidence that our R&D foundation is not going to vary significantly year to year. That'll be a foundational investment that's built into the plan over the next five years. Second priority, as we said, is returning strong value to our shareholders both in the form of dividends and share repurchase. We expect that to continue to be a strong component of our overall cash deployment over the next many years. And then thirdly, any targeted actions we might take in the M&A arena, acquisition arena. That would be a third priority in that list. So we're going to remain very focused on those priorities and the fact that we expect long-term cash growth will allow us to fuel both those future investments and things like share repurchase.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, I'm not going to give you guidance to specific numbers, Rob, but share repurchase and dividend strength over the long term will continue to be a high priority for us on cash deployment.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Julie, regarding 777, as I said, we're doing our scenario planning right now that includes market demand and feedback we're hearing from our customers. It includes the value proposition of the 777 and the 777X, and I want to stress again that that airplane is providing an absolutely unique value proposition in the marketplace. It's differentiated and our customers see it, and then also doing an efficient and profitable transition from 777 to 777X. So those are all things that we're factoring into our plan. We haven't finalized that plan yet. We're working through a variety of options. But as we look through all of those options, we don't see any scenarios that would take us below a seven a month production rate. So we wanted to make sure that was clear, as there's been speculation about what option range we might look at. We see that as a floor for our planning given all the scenarios we're looking at. Specific timing, implementation is yet to be finalized. We're working our way through those details. Those will be decisions we'll have to make in the first part of next year. But I'll stress again that we are sold out essentially through 2016; more than half sold out through 2017. So what we're talking about here is a transition that's out 2017 and beyond. And we would get into the meat of that in the 2018 timeframe. So more details to be worked through, but we remain confident that, considering all the factors I talked about, that we'll be able to profitably go through that transition and bring the 777X to the marketplace.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Doug, we are. And as I said before, we have a strong, robust healthy Defense business. Now it's a tough marketplace, and we've acknowledged that. We're dealing with realities of sequestration in the U.S. defense budget, somewhat offset by what we've seen as international defense growth, especially in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific regions. But our Defense business overall is a healthy portfolio. We like the program structures we have. We're growing internationally and we're investing for the long run. That marketplace is somewhat muted so we expect that business to be relatively flat to slight growth top line. In parallel with that, we're continuing to drive bottom line performance, and you saw it in the results here with a 12.2% margin quarter in our defense business. So that's a robust, important part of our portfolio. We have differentiated product lines on things like commercial derivatives, the P-8 and the tanker which present us for opportunities for longer term growth and leverage the one Boeing value, if you will, across commercial and defense sectors. We're continuing to invest in future product lines around human space exploration, satellites. We're investing in unmanned systems and ISR capabilities. And importantly we are investing for some critical franchise programs for the future. You alluded to that. But programs like long range strike, the new T-X trainer are important and one of the reasons we continue to drive productivity is so we can invest in those future product lines. And we don't see a need to significantly change the structure of our Defense business. We're going to stay very focused on executing the business, investing organically, and where we can make targeted acquisitions to round out our portfolio, we'll continue to do that.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, hey Dominic, to the first part of your question. When you look at the duration of the bridge, you're right 777X EIS is in 2020. As we said the bridge we're trying to build with the current 777 is roughly a five-year bridge, so it takes us to that same timeframe. The depth of that bridge is most significant in the 2018, 2019 timeframe. So we're very focused on filling that out. And we need about 40 to 60 aircraft per year over that five years to fill that bridge. So that effort continues to press ahead. Now when you think about the transition production rate, the fact that we'll fire some selective blanks through the line, that is not a high volume decision, to your point. This is something that we'll do selectively as we bring lean implementation online in the new production rate. We haven't finalized exactly how many that will be, but those are incrementals, not a sustained activity. And then also mindful that we will have some 777X flight test aircraft, typical numbers of flight test aircraft, principally in the 2018, 2019 timeframe that'll be within that production line as well. So both of those are being factored into the profile.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Micah, I'll go back to my earlier comments about our broader look at the wide body market. We continue to see a very healthy overall marketplace both narrow bodies and wide bodies. As I said, traffic growth is sustained. Replacement demand is sustained. Deferrals, cancellations below historic levels. We recognize some of the comments that have come out recently and believe you're referencing the note around $10 million 777s that might be available. I'll say just based on our understanding of the marketplace and what we understand from our customers, that number is the wrong order of magnitude. And, frankly, the value of the 777 is holding up very well in the marketplace. It is a unique airplane. In that 365-seat category, there is no competing aircraft out there. It's a unique value proposition for our customers. So values are holding up well in the marketplace. We are mindful that the cargo market has been a bit slow to return. We're mindful of the fact that lack of Ex-Im Bank reauthorization is creating some uncertainty and some delays in customer decisions. And so we're considering that. But if you step back from it, the overall health of the marketplace and the unique value proposition of our airplanes is very clear and we remain confident in that.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, Doug, I won't get into the specific program by program margin but I will give you a sense of kind of – I'll say the few areas are focused on that have been the path and will be the path forward to continue to drive 787 profitability. Certainly productivity, continuing to come down the learning curve internally. You heard us talk about the progress to date on the 787-9 and the 787-8. So that's got to continue and we got a lot of projects in work. We got to get those matured and we got to get them cut in on line numbers. So there is not a lack of, I'll say, focus and ideas in that area but we got to get them matured and get them in but continuing to execute as we have on the productivity. Mix plays a big factor in here and so our ability, with a richer mix of Dash-9s and 10s and quite frankly, as you've seen the Dash-9 get entered into the production system as smooth as it is, is another, I think, indicator of that mix coming together and keeping in mind this is all in our backlog. So this is delivering on the backlog but getting that smooth introduction and having that richer mix of Dash-9s and 10s will obviously grow as you get further out into that cost space and deliver on that backlog. The supply chain, obviously we've got planned step down and contractual step down but we also got initiatives that we're working together across in the company and across the supply chain looking for additional productivity ideas. And keeping in mind, there's only been 300 units built here roughly. And a very steep ramp up and a lot of change in rate break. Having being stable at 10 and now making that transition up to 12, this is when you look historically, this is where you've really been able to capture additional productivity gains. So we're working with the supply chain on that. And then rate. As you know we're going up in rate and it'll total about 40% going up to 12 a month and 16 and then 14 a month later in 2019 timeframe. So making good progress on getting up to rate within the supply chain as well as getting the factories ready internally. Again this is delivering on the backlog and you know the market, and so that supports these rate increases very much. But again, that'll continue to drive productivity. And then I guess the only comment I'd make on the margins, I'd say they are similar to what we see today on our wide body programs and what we're achieving. So I'd say good progress to date, lot of work ahead of us to do, team's got good plans in place but we need to keep executing as we have and that'll be the path going forward.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, no, I mean, you said it, Myles. They certainly, they do move around. I still expect it to be a positive contributor to 2015. But timing does factor in. So we should have more in the fourth quarter. But I think stepping back from that, you can see, it's about the strength of the cash engine here. And not the reliance on the advances. Obviously advances are important, but when you look into the core of the company, you're seeing strong cash flow generation, and that's the big focus area for us. And as you said, advances, they're going to move around quarter to quarter, and we'll have a few more here in the fourth quarter than we have in the third quarter.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah. I mean, as you step back and you look at kind of a long-term profile of the company, we still see the same opportunity to have strong cash flow growth going forward. It really plays into certainly the production rates, increases that we've talked about on the 37, the 67 and as well on the 87 over the long term, and obviously 787 improving through that period. So over the long term, we're confident in the long-term cash flow growth, I'll say, story that we have in place. And I think it's a unique one when I compare us to other industrials.
Gregory D. Smith: Sure. Yeah, Cai, on block extensions we extended the 737 by 200 aircraft, so one block extension there. And then with the increased demand and outlook on the 767, we increased that as well by 34 units. As far as changing in booking rates by program, no significant changes I'd say, Cai, across the board.
Gregory D. Smith: And, Jason, on CapEx, we'll expect to go up slightly next year from our levels this year. And again that's supporting the growth in the production rates we talked about and further investments in the Defense business, as well as some of the productivity initiatives. So further implementation of the automation activity on the 37 and the 87 will also be put into play there. And again supporting 777X, as well as the planned production rates. And then I would say past 2016, then we start to come down and moderate from there as really, again, linked to our growth and linked to our investment profile.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, we think the stock is still undervalued. And again, I think it goes to the marketplace that Dennis talked about. It goes to the strength of the backlog which then links rate to the production rates that we have announced that are again delivering on that backlog. So it's that profile along with the productivity expectations year-over-year. So we obviously see a lot of value still left in this stock. That's why we bought back $20 billion in the last three years and remain committed to that. At the same time, remain committed to the dividend to ensure that we're competitive from the dividend perspective as well as investing in the business. Then that's been first and foremost for us, investing in things like 777X, like the MAX, like 787-9 and 10 and these rate increases along with, again, efficiencies, automation that we're putting in on 777, we're putting in on 37 and then additional investments we're making down in Charleston to support, again, productivity and rate increases. So that's the kind of profile we see that gives us the confidence to continue to buy back these shares, but have a balanced deployment plan to meet all our objectives.
Gregory D. Smith: Sure. Yeah, no. We'll see a decline in deferred in the fourth quarter, I'd say similar to the rate of decline you've seen in this quarter, and Q3 certainly was helped by strong performance, but we did have some timing of expenditures as well. So we had a little bit of, I'll say, favorable pick-up in the third quarter. But again, I think when you step back and look at the overall profile or deferred to-date, it's better than what we originally projected. And then as you move into 2016, Seth, as I said, you'll start to see that turn once you hit the 12 a month. So the growth will moderate obviously into the fourth quarter and then through into 2016 until you hit that rate, and then that's when we would expect it to turn. And that turn down, again, is driven by the rate as well as the step-down on the supply chain, the contracted step-down pricing, and the continued productivity, but also that mix. I mean, ensuring that we've got that Dash-9 continues to come into the production system as it has. So those are kind of, I'd say, the key indicators or key levers as we move into 2016.
Gregory D. Smith: It was a slight pickup, Carter, but again, 200 units on a large block. So there's a lot of moving pieces in there. There's some investment in there for additional rate increases and productivity. So when you net that all out, again, not a significant change on overall booking rates for the quarter.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, Julie, on 747, as you know, this has been a challenging marketplace recently, and we took the – we announced taking the rate down from 1.3 to 1 a month early in 2016. So we continue to monitor that marketplace. It is challenging right now. It is driven by the market. It's a great airplane. It's an airplane that sits in a class within itself, whether it's an I or a freighter. So this is certainly market dynamics. We've got a pipeline of customers we're looking at. But again, having said that, it's a challenging marketplace for the airplane. So we continue to watch it and at the same time, focus on productivity within the factories and the supply chain. And we'll likely take another look at the rate here early next year and see where we are on orders and backlog and move forward from there, but right now, the plan is to hold at one a month.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, on the deferred I would say, Alwyn, that the profile hasn't changed. The key milestones haven't changed. The growth will start to moderate again in the fourth quarter and as I've indicated, once we hit 12 a month that's when the deferred will start to turn, I'd say, all the key contributors to that unit cost mix. And again, getting to the 12 a month which, again, we're making good progress in that area. So those are all the key items I'll say the contributors to that, but the fundamental milestones in the profile, that has not changed from what we discussed probably a year and a half ago.
