Dave Calhoun: Again, a solid quarter. We are wrestling our way through the BDS contract, fixed price contract exposures that we have. We’re confident we will see them through. And as I’ve said before, most importantly, the products that we deliver, warfighter will perform as or better than expected. So with that, I’ll open it up to questions.
Dave Calhoun: No, I wouldn’t say anything has changed. We’re still confident in the regulatory process. This is our desire to simply get ahead of the production curve. There is no – yes, no breaks on the regulatory side. We still have margin in that. And hopefully, we can beat it. But all the projections we’ve given you, I think, are still intact.
Dave Calhoun: I just comment on that. It’s just important to note that they are still in an extremely supply-constrained world. Everything they do is supply constrained. So pricing is a little favorable. Anything that they can get out of their shops are being taken. That has not changed. And so how long that lasts? My prediction is it’s going to be quite a while. I don’t see any let up with respect to the need for lift out there, and everybody is fighting for the next part. So I think that’s just the moment we’re in.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Let me just comment on that. Not really. So we’re going to have to live within this envelope with respect to pricing and contracts. We might get some ups here and there and modifications here and there, but I wouldn’t say that’s the answer to this. The answer is really to get a line that started from zero, because it was more or less dark, as Brian said, and get it up to pace. A couple of these products are – they are not the same old product. There is actually a lot of new, I will call it capabilities embedded in these products. You can imagine with what those are. I can’t talk about them on the call. And so we are just working our way through learning curves. If we didn’t see progress on those learning curves, we wouldn’t be giving you the guidance that we are going to be back to where we were. We do see progress. It’s not an act we haven’t seen before. It does take time, frustrating for everybody, but we are getting there.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Look, I am glad to get the question. We are heavily invested in this. We like what it could potentially deliver to this market a level of performance that the industry is used to seeing with brand-new programs. So, now for me to pick and choose the variations and the power plants at this stage is probably not smart. Suffice to say, we are intent on improving this technology. We are hopeful. And if it matures the way we think it will and the NASA, frankly, thinks it will, I do think it will see service. And then those power plant decisions will be exciting. You are right, we can use existing power, but we would prefer frankly to have a bigger fan diameter ultimately and maybe even open rotor someday. So, those are all considerations without a doubt. I don’t want to make a choice. It’s too early. But all of those options that you are talking about are still out there. We just have to prove and deploy the technology. If it behaved like it did in the wind tunnel, we are in a pretty good place.
Dave Calhoun: Most of our time and applied effort with respect to the supply chain is focused on readiness for the 50.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. It is. As you suggest, 38 has to come and has to come in a stable form so that we are not up and down every month. But maybe more important than that, we now have such good visibility into the supply chain. We know whether they are ready for the next – for 40, 42, 44, etcetera. So, I just think it’s the combination of much better visibility on each of those step-ups and yes, our own factories assembling and delivering at a steady pace. But you will see all that just like we do.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, I will just reiterate, Brian jumped me. But yes, we are actually feeling pretty good about the stability of the line and there is no new issue.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Doug, why don’t I take this. You are right. I guess the truth is, I think both us and our competitors face that circumstance of having to take orders now quite a ways out there. I would love to get to 60, and the market is there for it. There is no doubt about it. For me, there is a moment in time that is really important with respect to execution and the subject of stability, and that is second half of next year when we wind down all of our shadow factory efforts that we can apply all of the labor to those rate increases. So, we already have the labor in-house, but now we get them to work on new airplanes. And that’s a very good thing, and you know the economics attached to that. It’s just not a simple thing to do. And I don’t want any of us to get ahead of ourselves on this front. So, we are just going to stay focused. We are going to work hard on stability. Second half of ‘24 is a very important moment in time because I believe that’s the step change for BCA in pretty much every way. And if we get through that well and we execute well, then we will be talking to all of you about 60. But I don’t want to get ahead of myself on this one and either as a team.
Dave Calhoun: Again, I am – having a little too much capacity is not a problem for us right now when you are trying to knock down stability. So, if we run something at a suboptimal level, it’s not going to cost us much, and it’s going to improve stability and delivery and all of those things. So again, I don’t – I want to be careful. I don’t want to get out that far and talk about trades at that moment. But right now, we are just focused on stability. We want to have more capacity than we need so that we are ready for that next increment. And that workforce transition is probably the most important part of all of it.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, Ron. So, you probably saw in our disclosures that we reduced our exposure, at least with respect to the finished goods inventory down to 85. Of course, we did that with the permission and constructed dialogue with our customers in China. The return-to-service work in China with respect to the airplanes that were already there is largely complete. Everybody is very happy with the performance. In fact, the reliability of the fleet has been fantastic. And we are getting a lot of good signs that they will resume delivery, but I am not going to predict that for you. We are just going to keep managing it exactly the way we have been. We are not dependent on it. We want to do it, and we certainly want to support our customers in China. And we will be the free trade beacon with respect to our administration and all the political influences. But I am just going to leave it, posture just the way it has been. I know that we have 85 airplanes that we would like to begin delivery on. We are getting good signals. I hope it can happen. Our guidance is not dependent on it.
Dave Calhoun: Honestly, I probably been curt and maybe too curt with my answer is, but I really don’t think about it. I don’t view it as a meaningful competitor. There is nothing that I would want to do on the product development front to respond to it. It’s not the world that we’re interested in. We like our portfolio. The next airplane, in my view, with respect to development has to be a meaningful change, 25%, 30% better than what flies today. That’s why we are focused on Transonic wings. That’s just our game plan. And I don’t think based on all the competitions that we have touched and all the speculation that we hear, I just don’t think it’s going to be a meaningful difference.
Dave Calhoun: And the good news is I am not surprised at all that our team is conveying those messages. I am not surprised because we are all in that prep mode.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, I can’t – I am not going to give you any specific numbers. Let me just say that the industry is short of airplanes by a reasonably large margin. Boy, do we compete, I will tell you that, for every one of these orders because they are big and they are important. But as you might expect in a constrained market, things probably get better.
Brian West: Hi, Sheila, I’ll start off with that. Last quarter – first quarter, I should say, BCA margins were negative 9%, and we knew that they were going to get sequentially better, and they did. They got down to negative 4%. So it’s good progress. In terms of where we’re headed, as we think about the back half of the year, we will still have some negativity, although sequentially better in the third quarter. And then as we exit the year and moving over into the first quarter of next year, those margins will move positive. We’re confident in that. And some of the things are the ones you mentioned, which is rate ramp. You’ll have some of this abnormal behind us in the rearview mirror and will be done. And of course, the pricing environment is pretty good. So all of that give us confidence that we will get these margins positive. And it will likely be towards the end of the year, early next year. And the team is laser-like focused on meeting those expectations.
Brian West: Well, it’s both. Certainly, the liquidation benefit is something we’re very focused on because when you get rid of both on the 377, those dual factories, it’s just going to be a huge relief for the business to put that behind us. And we’re tracking, and we’re going to make good progress. And that will be substantially behind us as we move out of 2024. So that, no doubt, is a very big deal, coupled with the rate breaks. We just announced going to 38. That’s a big important move, and there’ll be subsequent rate breaks beyond that. And all of that is going to play into a margin trajectory that’s going to start to look a lot more normal. And by the time we get through 2024, and we’re focused on that ‘25-26 timeframe, as we’ve said, BCA margins will look a lot like that before in that low double-digit area. So we know what we have to go do. The levers are clear. We just got to execute.
Brian West: Myles, in answer to the 737 forecast that we get to the high end, we – of course, we did 103 in the second quarter, and the quarterly rates will be higher than 103 is our expectation. Of course, we had a little bit of the Spirit impact in there. That’s why that will get sequentially better. And in terms of the rate itself, we squarely see the middle of that range as high confidence. And the question is going to be how much can we move from the middle of the range up to the higher end. And we will prove that out day in and day out as we execute and build more airplanes. So we feel very good about the range, and we will keep reporting as we see the execution, but right now, a degree of confidence in that front.
Brian West: Sure. So let’s take services. Yes, they just had an excellent quarter. And both the commercial and the government businesses were performing incredibly well. We still have expectations of that business, and we want them to be doing margins that are in the teens. Will it be 18? No, it will come back a little bit. But when I say come back a little bit, we still feel like our long-term view of that business should be in the mid-teens. And from time to time, it will be a little better and that we will keep pushing the business to be just as good as they can be. But I don’t expect it to step back dramatically. We feel really good about where that business is positioned.
Brian West: And in regards to the defense business, you’ve got the pieces correct. The way we think about the fixed price development programs that we’ve talked about, 15%, we just have to stabilize those and execute and know that every quarter, we’re getting closer to having those products over and delivering behind us. The next piece of the 60%, very stable, there is a lot of very nice products in there, and we have to keep them stable. And with lean efforts and other things, we actually could get a little bit of productivity out of those programs to get better and better and better. But that’s – keep that 60% stable and keep it moving. And it’s the 25% that’s left over, that’s the part of the portfolio, it’s a handful of programs, and they are not where they need to be. They are negative. They need to swing positive, and there is a plan to go do that, but it’s just going to take us a little bit of time. In terms of what this portfolio looks like in the ‘25-26 timeframe, we believe the 15% will be stable, right? We will be at certain milestones, where a lot of the stuff will be in the rearview mirror. And the 85% that’s left over is going to be performing at very attractive margins because we’ve done the hard work of stabilizing and then trying to bring in more productivity programs, including lean manufacturing, so that these businesses can get even healthier and stronger. So the road map is clear. It’s on us to execute it, but we think we’ve got all the levers working. And the team is very motivated and laser-like focused.
Brian West: Yes. Sure, Cai. So we’re not going to have modest profitability in the quarter. I think we said that we’re not expecting much at all from the BDS portfolio, just to be clear, because these things aren’t going to solve themselves in the near-term. Yes, it’s a significant gap. It’s a hundreds of millions of dollars of swing that we have to go execute to get these handful of programs in a better spot. And they are complicated situations with complicated products and factories that almost went dark during the pandemic. And we’ve had to bring them back to life. And that takes time because one is to get them up and moving and then also to get the right labor that’s trained and knows how to do some very complicated work. So we know what the programs are and how we got to go attack them. It just takes a little bit of time and a little bit longer than anyone expected. But we will make progress, and we will work our way through it because we know how to make these programs and these products because we’ve been doing it for a while.
Brian West: Yes. Kristine, we are there. And we are confident that the supply chain is coordinated to deliver on this. They have known about it for a while, and we are happy to be able to move forward. So, we feel very confident. In terms of subsequent step-ups, the master schedule that’s been out there is clear on what those look like. And we will do it a step at a time, and we are happy we can make this first move to 38.
Brian West: Yes. There is no new issue on the 87. Let’s be very clear. There might have been a tick up in the stringer a few weeks ago, but we are very focused on both the joint verification work on the 87 and then getting stable at four and then work our way to five. So, 87, we feel particularly good about. And we are very confident in that 70 to 80 deliveries for this year.
Brian West: Well, I will be less than satisfying for you because I just can’t – I really can’t talk about next year delivery numbers. And it’s just not the right time to do that. Although we still have confidence as we get out of the first half of this year, the second half will be better. And then we will just want to make sure we are always sequentially improving. As it pertains to the 87, very proud of that team, given where they have been over the last couple of years. They have got the joint verification work, very steady, consistent. They are working on their share of escapes that they knock down as fast as they see them. And they are getting to production rates that are steady. And they are getting to that five per month by the end of the year is a big deal and no longer they are in the abnormal category. They are back towards a path where we expect them. And then there will be, obviously, increases from there to get to the 10 by ‘25, ‘26. So, there is nothing in particular right now that is a major worry be for 87. And the supply chain still feels like it’s getting better, a little more stable, a little more coordinated. And we got to keep executing.
Brian West: So, I will take the last one. Our defense margins has to get better next year period. I won’t guess in terms of at what level, but they got to get better as we go in the trajectory to that ‘25, ‘26 timeframe. And as it pertains to that 42 number, we are talking about 38 today and happy to talk about 38. There is a master schedule that the supply chain has, and they know all those rate breaks. And we will talk about that more specifically when we want to move to it. But there is no confusion about where the next rate breaks are. We just want to be focused on one, 38 and then as Dave mentioned, the preparation for the entire supply chain to get to a number of 50 in that ‘25, ‘26 timeframe. As Dave mentioned, that’s where most of the focus is. All those interim breaks, they will be where they are. And we will get excited to get to them as we have stability from one point to another.
