Dave Calhoun: Yes. I’ll keep it short and sweet. We’re on a turnaround. We’ve been on a turnaround. We’ve made very important progress with our regulators. We’ve made very important progress with our customers and even more importantly, the flying public. And now, we’re wrestling through supply chain constraints. And when we get through it all, we’ll get back to normal and ultimately deliver what our shareholders are expecting. So, I’ll leave it at that and open up to questions.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Thanks, Myles. Let me get to the last part. It’s going to be about the same in terms of the headwind, to answer your last comment. Our BDS portfolio, the 85% of the business is doing pretty well. It’s these fixed-price development programs that, unfortunately, we’re working our way through. We had to account for recent performance, including a reassessment of our forecast cost to complete. There’s no doubt about it. The biggest impact was the tanker, as you mentioned. At $1.2 billion, it was driven by two things. The supply chain constraints and specifically part shortages have been persisting and they likely will persist longer than we had contemplated; and then, two, this labor instability. As you know, all airplane programs contemplate a learning curve improvement over time. And we adjusted our assumptions because labor stability is an issue that is likely to continue into the future. We can hire. It’s getting the workforce trained and up to speed that we had to account for in this particular period. We applied the similar framework to the VC-25B, where the labor stability issues are magnified because of the requirement to get secured -- security clearances. And that’s also contributed to schedule shifts. So, those are the two big ones. And it’s just at this moment, the provision reflects what we think is likely to happen in front of us. The other bucket really relates to what I would call true development, which is MQ-25, T-7 and Commercial Crew. We did adjust for similar macro constraints where needed. But there’s also a recognition, there’s technical challenges that we’re organized through and sometimes impact schedule. But overall, we feel very confident about those programs long term and the benefits that we’ll accrue, once we get them out in the market. So, there’s no doubt that we derisk these programs. Now, the two big ones for the next two years, and I’m not suggesting perfection, but we definitely lowered the risk profile. And for the smaller programs, in some cases, we derisked even longer. I think the thing we have to keep in mind is that our mandate is to stabilize and now deliver very important products to our customers who need them, anyway.
Dave Calhoun: Well, there’s active discussions with customers about that topic. More to come in terms of things getting finalized, but it’s an active discussion, so that we can no longer defer that decision and actually start to think about how we liquidate that in terms of working capital improvement and cash flow. More to come, and we’ll keep you updated.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So, I’ll start with my hope. My hope is that these two big geopolitical forces get together and endorse free trade again and COVID policy ultimately lightens sometime in the future in China so that they can take more deliveries of airplanes. So, we’re going to keep supporting our customers, keep supporting their regulator every step of the way. But, we are also going to take steps to derisk. I have not gotten a single signal. And I’m surprised by it. They’re going to take deliveries in the near term. So, we are going to continue. We’re going to -- we have begun and we’re going to continue to remarket these airplanes as we move forward, and we’re confident that there’s a market for it, not a little market but a big market. In some ways, there are a lot of ways we could take advantage of it. I would prefer not to take advantage of it. I’d prefer to just reinstate deliveries with our China customers. But anyway, that’s the course we’re on. It hasn’t really changed much. But it is really hard for me to find signals that things are going to change in China and move in our direction. So, hopefully, that will give you everything you need here in terms of the way we’re likely to move.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Ron, I’m not going to comment on the past. I’m not sure that’s helpful to anybody. Our need to focus on free cash flow is a result of having taken a significant amount of debt on in light of the crisis that we had, some self-inflected; some definitely COVID related as it relates to the marketplace and all the things that we’ve had to contend with. So, we took on a lot of debt. Shareholders told us it would be great if you got rid of that debt sooner rather than later. And so, we’ve been focused on free cash flow. It is a great metric, period, in terms of how we measure all of our people and the work that we’re doing. It does not suggest that we have stopped investing in new capabilities that will ultimately differentiate this company and bring it right back to the leadership role that’s always enjoyed. So, I’m probably not going to take the bait. I do have confidence that we are doing exactly what we need to be doing, and the free cash flow metric is a very clear indicator of performance, not just in the near term but also the medium and long term. So, I’m sorry, but that’s the answer.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So, just in context, things are getting better. They are getting your hands around things and they’re beginning to project forward. The real issue for us is simply -- when I refer to constraints, it’s because we have such huge demand for the airplanes that we wish we could do double the rates. That is why we will refer to this as a constraint and a difficulty. The measurement of where engines are going with respect to Airbus versus us is the easiest thing in the world to measure. And so, we’re well aware of it, and we don’t see any indication that one’s being favored over another. And then, with respect to maybe suggestions that they’re not having any trouble, that’s not what the industry tells us. And frankly, that’s up for them to explain and to all of you, and I’m sure they will. So, I’m not worried about this as the industry favoring one over the other. It’s too easy for both sides to measure and to hold people accountable. And yes, it’s improving, but it’s nowhere near where we all want it to be because the demands -- or demand on our airplanes is just so strong.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. We’re short of engines. We have a clear picture of what it’s going to take to make it up, and we’ll get back on rate. But yes, the answer is yes.
Dave Calhoun: Well, that’s a big complex and macro question. I’ll start with us. We have brought on 10,000 people. We are at a headcount level that we think can handle rate increases and all the things that we need inside our own shop. We have significant training and development programs and investments that are being made as we speak, so that we are productive with the introduction of all of these new people. I don’t have a number with respect to all of the supply chain constraints and labor shortages that they might have. But a lot of our constraints and -- with those suppliers that represent constraints are labor related. Some like in the casting world, are a little more labor and experience related because you may know in the casting world, that is not a simple process. It’s not just bring in people and start them up. There’s a real learning curve and cycle that is needed to sort of ramp up capacity. So, I don’t have a sort of big number for you. I wish I did. I know this. All of us, all of us in this industry are wrestling through these constraints. We try to compare notes. We’re trying to help our suppliers on the commodity side with our own contracts and the application of those contracts to their needs. And then on the labor side, anything that we can do to help them find people, that’s what we do. And we often second or send our own people out there to help them. So, it’s -- this is just what we’re in. I think it’s going to take probably all of next year before things really do begin to stabilize because we begin to see layoffs in other industries. We definitely feel that in the software world, we’re not having any kind of trouble bringing in the engineering resources that we need, particularly as it relates to software development because the rest of the industry that competes with us is beginning to soften considerably. So I wish I had a big specific number and an easy resolution. I don’t. This is what we’re going to struggle through all year next year.
Dave Calhoun: It’s a great question. Number one, I -- the wide-body world is heating up. There are some significant orders out there that we’re all competing for. So, that’s just a reflection of the markets that are returning, largely in international base, but a lot of domestic carriers as well, so anyway, a big robust. The answer on China is just as you’re suggesting and the premise that underlies it, which is -- that is the airplane they are going to likely need from us more than any other. They don’t have a domestic alternative. And I don’t believe that a single provider from France can meet those requirements, so. And we do get orders, but they’re -- I put them in the incremental category for airplanes, large wide-bodies, freighters in particular, from China. Does that ramp up? It’s not something we’re counting on, but it could. And if it does, that will compete for a very crowded skyline. So again, if China really does rebound and we can get the geopolitical tensions to calm down somewhat, that’s going to present another challenge for us on the demand and the supply front, but one we would welcome and probably be upside to whatever guidance we provide next week.
Dave Calhoun: I’ll start and then I’ll let Brian in to talk. So, the best, I mean, fact set that we can give is, number one, we’re getting closer to the end of these programs. So, we’re getting work done. We know more. We see more. We’re also running out of time with respect to learning curves. There’s no time to develop learning curves. They take a couple of years. We don’t have a couple of years. We’re -- so we don’t have any baked-in learning curves anymore. We are simply saying these supply constrained -- supply constraints that we’re facing today will not end until we finish. So, we’re trying to assess these programs with real clarity and realism with respect to what we’re experiencing now and not projecting significant improvements in the future. So, it’s -- for me, that’s sort of the set around it. It’s definitely the way we went into it. And of course, Brian has been through every little detail. So Brian, I’ll let you add.
Dave Calhoun: As you know, better than anyone, these are complicated programs, lots of assumptions, lots of moving parts, backdrop of a volatile environment. We did our very best to derisk.
Dave Calhoun: Doug, no, I can try to reconcile numbers. All I can tell you is I personally witnessed alongside my counterpart the reconciliation of the engines we need to deliver the airplanes and the engines they’re producing on weekly rates. And so, we just have -- we have a gap. We got room to make up. And we’re going to get there, but it’s going to be at a constrained rate and we know that. And that’s what we’re trying to factor into our forward looks,, and that is what you will see when we get together next week. So, there’s no -- there is no other constraint, Doug, with respect to our rate projections and others. There are lots of weekly constraints that just simply impact the stability of the line, but they are not going to be rate limiters, either short term or long term. It will boil down to engines and the competition for castings between Pratt and CFM.
Brian West: And what I would say is that my comment on being in the low-30s, year-to-date, we’ve been in the low-30s. And as we turn the quarter into next year, that all of a sudden is going to snap up to a 40 type number. So, it’s going into the year. We’re going to be constrained, as Dave mentioned, largely by the engines, and will be that low-30s. But as we get through next year, that rate will go up. And we’ll talk a lot more about that next week.
Brian West: So, I’d answer that question. We’re confident that we will be able to satisfy the maturities in front of us. We’ll talk a lot more about that. But, given the fact that where we ended the quarter with our cash balance, $14-plus billion, plus being able to be cash flow positive in the fourth quarter, that’s not a concern. In terms of the rate of change, we have a supply chain, as Dave mentioned that we’ve been dealing with, and that’s been reflected in our commercial deliveries through the course of the year. And we’re working our best to stabilize and get more predictable. But, while it may not be quite the rate of acceleration going forward, momentum is going to improve. It just could take a little bit longer, and we’re going to share a lot more about that with you next week. But, in terms of our liquidity position, what’s in front of us, high degree of confidence.
Brian West: Well, thanks, Ron. They all have to go through a prescribed set of rework. We’ve been very clear on that. And we’ve contemplated what that is going to take. And now it’s up to our great team in Charleston and in Everett to get that work done. And it’s going well. It’s early innings, but it’s going well. And we have high confidence that they will get done what they need to do to get those inventoried airplanes in the customers’ hands over the next two years.
Brian West: I don’t have much to add other than we sit in this environment and you can’t ignore these macro constraints and how they impact these programs. And that just is what happened this quarter. But the thing that we’ve done our best to do is derisk, and derisk, as Dave mentioned, some of these assumptions and future cost forecasts. So, we like where we closed the quarter of our position. We do it every quarter, and we feel confident. This particular quarter, it really was the recognition of the very rapidly changing environment that is persistent, and can’t assume it’s going to get better anytime soon.
Brian West: We saw across some of these other programs, similar disruptions in terms of both, factory stability, part shortages, labor. So, those weren’t immune at all. It’s just that they’re not magnified in the sense that there are these big fixed price development programs that have these reach forward losses embedded in them.
Brian West: You know in making comparisons across our companies, our BDS is programs only. It’s not including the government services part of our business, which continues to run at reasonably healthy margins and does its things. So, I know you know that, but I just want to point it out.
Brian West: Better numbers, better performance, better everything. So, I don’t want to tell you anything other than that. Our objective is to make sure these tankers are doing the job for our military customer. That is it. That’s all we’re focused on. And they are doing that. And they are now permitted to do all the missions that are required. So, we are knocking down risk and we are implementing these programs. And so, I am confident we’re going to get where we need to get, and you’ll be confident when you see the numbers play out the way I expect them to play out.
