Dennis Muilenburg: Thank you, Greg. Let me close by saying I remain humbled and privileged to be leading this team and company as we celebrate our centennial year and began our second century. Thanks to the tremendous efforts of our team, 2015 was another year of solid core operating performance where we delivered on our critical strategic initiatives and further de-risked our business. We also continued to convert our robust backlog into cash, and we met our promises by returning more than $9 billion to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Furthermore, we invested in our people and innovation to maintain and grow our competitive advantage while also continuing to build out capacity to support future production rate increases. Collectively, our actions strengthen our position as the world's leading aerospace company and provide tremendous momentum for 2016 and beyond. Our priorities going forward can be framed by two overarching objectives. First, to continue building strength on strength to deliver on our existing plans and commitments and improve them where needed, and second, to stretch ourselves beyond those plans and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts to achieve our full potential. Achieving both objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on the profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production, delivering on our development programs, continuing to strengthen our defense and space business, driving to world-class levels of productivity and performance through the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth and to maintain the best team and talent in the industry, all of which is aimed to position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom line growth, and create ever-increasing value for our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, we continue to see a fundamental strength in the marketplace. So as you just pointed out, stepping up to 57 a month in 2019 just continues the trend of confidence that we see in the narrow-body marketplace. In particular, we continue to see strong long-term passenger growth at 6% to 7% a year that is global in nature. We're seeing that in all of our different market sectors and across all of our different 737 model lines. All of that is telling us that continuing to ramp up production to keep supply and demand imbalance is the right thing to do. And as you know, we're very diligent about these rate ramp ups. We make these decisions with a long-term perspective, and this conveys our confidence in the long-term market and what we're seeing in narrow-body growth. So our plans right now as we transition to the MAX during this coming year, we step up to our 47 a month as planned in 2017, 52 a month in 2018, and now stepping to 57 a month in 2019, all of that being buttressed with our long-term view of the – of passenger growth.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, we continue to see about 40% of overall aircraft are in the replacement category, so it's a combination of growth and replacement. About 60% growth, about 40% replacement on balance. It varies a bit year-to-year, region-by-region, but that gives you a sense for it. And the value proposition of our airplanes is compelling whether you're looking at replacement of old assets or the need to satisfy passenger growth. You see that reflected in some of the just very recent customer decisions. The Southwest Airlines announcement that was made just a week ago refers to both passenger growth as well as the compelling value proposition of fleet modernization. And – but both of those continue to play over the long run.
Dennis Muilenburg: And further to Greg's point, that approach we've used on the Dash 8 to Dash 9 transition on the 87, using that same approach now on the MAX, we'll apply that same approach as we get to 777, 777X transition. And the comments I made just a few minutes ago on our growth prospects and expectations going forward include that 777 transition and the seven per month rate during that transition that I referenced earlier. So we take a composite view of all of the lines, transitioning in the new models and the strength of the rate ups that are in the plan. The composite of all of that leads us to top and bottom line growth and growing cash.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, it will. It will. I think we had about 16 last year, and we'll probably have about 10 this year. It was a couple of commercial just timing on a couple deliveries. And then we have tankers that obviously we're ramping up here, and we'll complete them. And they will deliver in 2017. So we got that transition going on from 2015.
Dennis Muilenburg: The big factor as well as we continue to ramp up 787 and drive productivity and 787 increasing margins in that program represents a syndicate opportunity for us.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, certainly 87 with the more favorable mix on the 9s, you're right. We're going to have more revenue on a per unit basis there. But at the same time, as we said, you've got the 37 transition to 67. And then on 47, we're projecting to have lower deliveries in there. A, the production rate, but we've also got some customer requests to move some of those airplanes. So, but we're taking that into account as well, Doug. So it is, there's a lot of moving pieces in there, obviously. As far as escalation goes, certainly that's a watch item for us as we see lower oil prices and how that will affect the booking rates going forward. Obviously we've tried everything up for Q4 results. But it's something we're watching. There is, obviously, that escalation that's already assumed in the pricing has been taken into account in our guidance. So again, a number of moving pieces in there, but it's really a lot of those transitional points on some of those programs that's offsetting some the additional 787 revenue expected.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, listen, this is, there's nothing more to read into this other than smooth transition into the MAX at the 42 a month rate and building those test aircraft. So that introduction as we going into this year and then as we go further, as we increase rate and bring in more MAX airplanes, again, I don't see that as a significant issue at this point. I think the plans are very solid, but it is some near-term transition that we'll work our way through. But again, as Dennis indicated, it's the same approach that we took on the 787 and the same approach we'll take on the 777 and the 777X. So...
Dennis Muilenburg: And the key here is again, we're doing the right thing to make sure this is a profitable smooth transition. We remain very confident in that. And as I think hopefully you saw the news recently, we are on track to fly the MAX very soon. So that development has gone well. The airplane is looking solid, and as soon as the weather is right, we will fly the airplane. So we're very confident in the MAX and our planned ramp up.
Dennis Muilenburg: And, Jon, to your second question regarding market share and our perspectives on narrow body, we remain very confident in the investments we've made in the MAX and its performance in the marketplace. And I recognize the numbers you pointed out there. But I think it's important to note that since we launched the MAX, it's actually been about 50/50 in terms of orders. And we also like to make sure we're looking at deliveries of airplanes. And as noted, again, we were the market leader in total deliveries again this year. So when we think about market share, it's important to think about both deliveries and future orders. And as we've had the MAX in the marketplace and competing, based on feedback from our customers, we see that the MAX is providing a value proposition beyond our competitor's aircraft. So we feel confident about the MAX and its future prospects. You see that reflected in our rate ramp up expectations going from the current 42 to 47, 52, and as we've announced today, going to 57 a month. We also are mindful that we're going to run a disciplined profitable business. And so as we think about rate ramp ups, we don't simply make decisions based on market share desires. We make decisions from a long-term perspective, what's going to be valuable to our shareholders. We're going to provide profitable ramp-up and continue to deliver value for our customers. So I think the performance in the marketplace is speaking for itself, and we remain confident in our strategy.
Dennis Muilenburg: Well, thank you for your question. I think it's important again to go back to some comments I made on our last call. And that is, for the long term, we place a very high value on our employees and their talent. We think it's important to have a mutually respectful relationship and one that recognizes the value that our team brings to the table every day, arguably from my viewpoint the best team in the world. At the same time, we all know the competitive realities that we face. So we have continued to set a tone and a conversation with our work force that as a company, as a team, we need to recognize the market realities. We need to be competitive. And at the same time, we want to recognize this great team and treat them with the respect they deserve. So that's been the tone of our discussions. That's been reinforced by Ray and his team in Puget Sound. And together, I think we've engaged in what's been a very productive conversation. We are very supportive of the tentative agreement that's on the table. And we're hopeful that that'll be ratified by the membership over the next few weeks. And if so, it will provide labor stability and competitiveness for the company for the long-term, which will allow us to continue to invest in the future. And it will recognize the contribution and talent of our employees. And so we do think it's a good balanced solution. So we're hopeful that it will be ratified. And we want to continue to set that tone of mutual respect and the tone of competitiveness and be the market leader for the long run. And that's part of the commitment that I've made for my end as well.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes. Just the timing with regards to some of the customer deliveries. But we expect to be about flat, Dominic.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, I mean, Dominic, the 747 just is not as profitable. I mean it's that simple where the 777 is a pretty significant contributor to us and operates at a higher margin and is not at risk to being in a reach forward, where the 47 was not. And so that's really the difference between the two programs.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, we will. And I think your read in that is correct in that we're bullish about our prospects, but we're also paying attention to what's happening in the macro environment around us. If you take a look at GDP projections of about 2.7% growth over the near-term and midterm, again, that's a balanced view. That's different in different parts of the world as you well know. But on balance, that's a respectable level for our industry. The key differentiator is we continue to see passenger growth globally increasing at about 6% to 7% a year. It is outpacing GDP. And even in places like China where, obviously, it's been getting a lot of attention on economic growth prospects, even during the fourth quarter of 2015, just as a reference point, as GDP in China fell back to a little under 7%, airplane and passenger traffic growth increased 15%. So passenger growth continues to outpace GDP. That is a strong trend. It's a long-term trend. And then that's part of what paints a bit more of a bullish view in terms of our growth prospects. You see that reflected in our planned production rate increases. And again, we try to be very disciplined about that. We take a long-term view on these rate increase decisions. And those are not made lightly. And we take that balanced view and the fact that we are ramping up should convey our general confidence in the marketplace. And we'll continue to keep a watchful eye on the macroeconomics.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yeah, Steve, that's the decision that we made. That is a sustainable rate position for that line to bridge us to the 2019 replacement cycle. And you're right. When we take a long-term view at the market, although cargo has been flattish during this past year at about 2% growth, and if we look at near-term projections of about 2% to 3% growth, we think that's modest and reasonable. The production rate announcement we've made factors that in. As we get to the 2019 timeframe, we take a look at the peer replacement market that's out there, about 45% of the current fleet will need to be replaced. I said earlier we'll have 240 large freighters that will be over 20 years old at that point. So the replacement need is real. And while the 747 is a niche market, it's an important niche market and one that we think is sustainable. So all of the decisions we've made factor in both the near-term economics as well as this longer-term replacement cycle.
Gregory Smith: Yeah, I mean if you look at kind of walking from 2015 to 2016, obviously, improved performance as you indicated, improved performance, specifically on 787 cash. Some of the things that I'll say, kind of a headwind going into 2016 offsetting some of that, is certainly higher cash tax payments as we improve our unit cost and performance on the 787. So we'll have some of that headwind in this year. And remember last year, we had a lot of C-17 receipts as we sold the bulk of the final aircraft. And, obviously, we've got one left that we won't get those receipts this year. And then just continuing to build inventory on the tanker as we get ready to deliver that in 2017. And as Dennis indicated, we've had a very successful milestone there recently. So that's going well. And then, of course, you've got the MAX transition going on. So those are some of the big moving pieces. And at the same time, the long term kind of view on cash flow remains unchanged, Howard. We expect that to continue to grow. That's driven by, again, the improved productivity but also the production rates that we've committed to. As Dennis indicated, we're going up on 37 beyond what we described earlier, up to 57 a month in 2019. But we also have a number of other rate increases in there on the 37 building to that, as well as 787, as I said, tracking well to 12 a month, with a plan to go to 14. So as we look at it over the long term, we don't see a different view. As far as committing to return cash to shareholders, as you indicated, we have $14 billion of authorization, and we plan to use it as we have the prior authorization. And we're committed to returning cash to shareholders in the fashion that you've seen over the last couple of years going forward.
Gregory Smith: Cai, I think it's reiterating the fact that, that profile that Greg just described is completely consistent with what we shared with you previously. And part of our theme here is meeting the commitments and promises that we talked about. So 787 getting to be 4Q cash positive, out-performing on deferred production inventory, meeting the profile that we talked about, delivering $9.4 billion of cash in the year. As you see, our guide $10 billion of cash in this year conveys to you our strong cash growth story, and we remain confident in that.
Gregory Smith: The only thing I would add, Jason, is that when you're looking into next year, deliveries will outpace just slightly production rates because of everything Dennis just articulated. So this really is a point of transition, and particularly on the 37. And then obviously we talked about the 747 market. But I think when you're thinking about the MAX coming in the production system, if you think about how smoothly the Dash 9 has come into the 787-8 line. That methodology and the process that were applied there are the exact same ones being applied here to ensure that we have smooth transition, and we meet those rate increases and the commitments we made to our customers. So it's a near term transition, but absolutely the right thing to do for the long term. And as Dennis indicated, 57 a month is very healthy for us as we look at that order book and percentage sold out. So we feel very comfortable about going up in that rate over the long term, but we want to do it as we have, very smoothly and very productively through each one of those increases.
Gregory Smith: Well, yeah, certainly on these aircraft that we're building this year and won't deliver until next, that is going to go into inventory. But that's taken into account with the approximate $10 billion of cash flow in 2016. So we've taken that into account. And as we look forward in the year-over-year growth in cash flow, all those kind of moving pieces on these rate transitions have also been taken into account.
Gregory Smith: And on the 37 line, you'll see is getting to the backside of the MAX transition as we get into 2017.
Gregory Smith: And you'll see us ramping up to the 47 a month planned production rate increase. But both of those factors will play in an advantageous way to the 37 deliveries in 2017.
Gregory Smith: Well, again, you've got a couple of test aircraft, right, for the flight test program that you're not going to deliver this year. So you're going to produce some and you're going to deliver them. And then we have additional MAX airplanes that we're actually building this year that will be delivered next year. So that's the difference.
Gregory Smith: Right? So – and then into 2016. But yeah, there was a modest impact on the 777 with the rate cut, and the 37 was, at least from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, was about flat. There wasn't a significant change there. And again, that did incorporate some of the investment to go up to 57.
Gregory Smith: Yeah, I mean, I think that is the same. And at the same time, and as you know, when you get further back in the supply chain is where you see the longer flow in learning because sometimes they're utilizing the same tooling and same fixtures. But that methodology about ensuring we have enough flow time for the derivative aircraft implementation and taking into account the learning associated with that, that's all taken into account. Now the uniqueness to this is that we will be building these airplanes this year and delivering them next year. But again, that's all taken into consideration as a smooth introduction into the production system.
Gregory Smith: Sure. Yeah, this year is our peak year, Peter. So it'll start to taper off going forward. And again, it just, as you described it, some of that's on the productivity initiatives and then on the rate increases. So this will be our year which obviously as we've said is really tied to the growth in the production rate. So we'll start to taper off going into 2017 and beyond.
Gregory Smith: Yeah, Jon, as I indicated earlier, 787 unit performance is improving. And obviously we expect that to improve as we come down learning curves as we have on other programs historically. At the same time, implement productivity initiatives, whether it's in our supply chain or in our own factories. And we have plans in place to continue to implement those going forward. And then obviously we have favorable mix as we look forward as well, where we'll have more Dash 9s and Dash 10s as we look to the years to come versus the past. So no question. I mean we've got work to do here as we have, but I think we've got good plans in place and, again, solid projects that we've got to go implement and get them matured and get them into the factory.
Gregory Smith: We had a bit of advantageous timing to 2015. In 2016, that's offset by the ramp up to the 12 a month as planned. And so those two factors together make it roughly level through the year.
Gregory Smith: Yeah, no, it was not. If you go back over time, you'll see just because of the seasonality of the business, whether it's on the commercial side or defense, the timing of receipts and expenditures tends to be heavily weighted into the first quarter. So again, if you look back over time, you'll see that's either a cash use in the first quarter or breakeven or maybe slightly positive. So the trend we see into 2016 is no different than that. And advances aren't really a material driver in that whatsoever. It's just purely, again, seasonality and timing around each one of those receipts and then, frankly, just payments we have to our suppliers.
Gregory Smith: And I think as you said, Steve, obviously we're watching it closely. And between this timeframe and the 2019 that Dennis articulated, obviously, we've got to continue to get orders through that period. And we have a robust pipeline that the team is working on. But it's something that, obviously, we're staying very close to. It's a great airplane and a tough cargo market. And we're expecting that to recover, and we've got the perfect asset to align to that recovery.
Dennis Muile: Yeah, the production rates that we talked about, the 47 coming down and the 777 going to seven a month in 2017, that's all in this quarter's booking rate.
Dennis Muile: So that's all been accounted for in there. Combined with the investment for the 37, some of that to go up to 57 out in the 2019 timeframe. So that's all been taken into account in this quarter's booking rates.
Dennis Muile: In 2017, it's seven a month. As we get into 2018, obviously we'll start to build some test aircraft and get ready for the flight test program. And then very similar to what you've seen on the 787-8 transitioning to the 9. We'll see some longer flow times and learning associated with those early units. And those will obviously have some impact in the 2018 timeframe. But again, taking all that into consideration as you look at the top line and then look at the cash flow going forward, we expect to continue to grow. That's what's assumed.
Dennis Muile: Yeah, Cai, on R&D as you saw, we came in a little light on 2015 to what we had guided some of that. It was just timing moving into 2016. And obviously, the bulk of that is 777X which is actually performing very well to schedule and to cost as we get ready for that entry into service further out in 2020 timeframe. So that spending is going to start to ramp up here. But I think for the next couple years, Cai, you're going to see kind of flattish R&D. And again, that's just some movement between 777X and then 10X winding down. So that's how we see it going forward. On deferred, you're right. We have had some good performance there in the last couple of quarters, and we've assumed some of that going into the balance of this year. So we see similar growth, as I indicated in the first quarter. And then that will start to moderate. And again, we see that declining shortly after we hit that 12 a month further out into this year. So obviously, it continues to be a big focus area. But the team has done a very good job. And we're assuming additional productivity again through the balance of, from 2015 into the balance of 2016.
