David Calhoun: Thanks Greg. We're definitely in an unprecedented period and a tough moment for the industry and the world. Every day I'm inspired by the resilience and the hard work of our Boeing associates, our customers and our business partners. We are and we will continue taking the right actions to navigate through this together, while maintaining focus on our priorities, living our values and driving safety, quality, operational excellence in everything we do. We're focused not just on adopting and recovering but on emerging stronger and more resilient than ever before. We believe that long-term industry fundamentals remain strong and air travel will recover. Our portfolio of products and technology is well-positioned for that recovery. Much hard work remains ahead of us, but what I've seen the Boeing team do gives me great confidence that we will adapt, we will lead and we will thrive as our industry recovers. With that, Greg and I will be happy to take your questions. And I'll turn it back to Maurita. Thank you.
David Calhoun: Greg, if I might just add something, since I've been part of most of these calls with our customers, I want to acknowledge what you said is actually a fact. We do have many calls that are on the forward-looking I want to take a big position kind of discussion. And then we have the others, of course, who are in the opposite. So that's a true story. I think from Boeing's vantage point and our posture at the moment, we're still trying to de-risk the skyline. That has been our motive. And to emphasize to everyone including our own people that we're going to move the finished goods first. That is going to be - that's our intent. If we can move it faster, great. We're still going to hold our production rates as conservative as we can, so that we can get that inventory on the move. And then when I think this virus, ever looks like it's in the rearview mirror, I think all those discussions that, of course, we do have about the forward upside point of view, I think they'll come faster rather than slower. And I'm - honestly, I think as much about the recovery and the pace up as I do sort of retrenchment and to deal with today's liquidity because I think actually that ramp-up is going to be the more important part of this puzzle going forward.
David Calhoun: Well, I'm not sure there is much I can add to that. We're going to have these volume impacts on our program accounting et cetera, over this near-term unit margins, cash margins is our focus. We feel good about where they are. We think we can make them better, and then as volume and orders come along and we can begin to look out further. I think everything gets - not only gets back to where it was, but maybe gets better. So not much I can add to sort of the dynamics of next year's margins other than to tell you our focus is on unit cash margins and just continue to manage that as closely as we can for liquidity purposes. And then as order books fill out, we can - you'll see that impact in the accounting side of the puzzle.
David Calhoun: Yes, I don't really have anything more to add, other than again, think about our posture in the middle of next year if in fact, things are beginning to return, customers are beginning to see the virus in the rearview mirror, vaccines are being discussed and described. I really believe that the toughest part of our puzzle as I said, going forward is going to be then returning to rates that satisfy what I think will be a reasonably robust return to the market. So that's part of our math here, but what Greg said holds, for most of the year, next year, the governor on rate is going to be the pace at which we sell that finished goods inventory.
Greg Smith: Yes, yes, absolutely. Well look, I'd say, first and foremost 737 return to service and driving the production and then the delivery ramp as we deliver those aircraft out of inventory that is the primary driver. Outside of that 777X getting closer to EIS and the financials associated with that. The 737 - 787 I'm sorry, cash profile does improve due to inventory unwind, and really that the deliveries are outpacing production. So we'll see the benefit of that. And then just continue to take actions on liquidity and rightsizing the company and productivity. But essentially, those are really the four biggest buckets to get you to 2021, but the single biggest driver being the 737 MAX profile.
Greg Smith: Yes, yes let me start with on the margin front. Yes, we obviously we had adjustments on margins, program margins across the board, with the rate reductions and the revised delivery profile. Look, when you step back and look at 787 in particular at these lower rates and look at it on a unit basis. The margins obviously, don't increase, the way we had in prior with the higher rates. But they maintain to be pretty strong on a unit basis, and I would say that continues to be the fundamentals we've talked about, again, even with the lower rate, the improvement of mix and the step down by block. So - and then of course, the continued productivity. And as Dave mentioned, we're initiating the study on multiple sites. So more to come on that, but we'll continue to work. Obviously, all areas of productivity on the program and particularly with these lower rates. But again on a cash basis, on a unit basis, margins are actually hanging in there pretty well, even at these low rates. And that's really, I think a credit to the lot of work that's behind us that got done to get the program more efficient. And so, we're certainly seeing the benefits of that even at these low rates. On the 606 in the second quarter, so I think if you look at it, there was about 480 odd cancellations that were noted. About 300 of those were associated with 606. So there is a disciplined process that is outlined that we go through every quarter and assess the entire backlog by customer that the team goes through and makes that assessment. And we do that, like I said, every quarter and we'll continue to do that. And I suspect with time, at least in the near-term, we will have more adjustments on - related to 606. But again, that doesn't mean that they may not take the airplane over time. It just has to get through that criteria even though there's contracts in place, but again there are steps that we take and a thorough assessment and we adjust the backlog accordingly at that time, but it could change quarter-over-quarter. Some folks could move into the 606 and move out of it, but again we'll true it up every quarter.
Greg Smith: Yes, I think if you look at the second half, right now Myles, it's a little bit better. That's at least what we got in the forecast. As you can imagine it's dynamic, and will remain dynamic through the balance of the year. But as we look at it right now in our latest forecast, we see it being slightly better and - we’ll continue to be burning cash into early 2021. And like I said, as with the production rates that we laid out and the assumptions we made around those in our actions that will take, we can see a path to positive cash flow in 2021. And we'll continue to keep you up-to-date on that, but you should continue to expect to see negative cash flow through the balance of the year and into early 2021. On the liquidity front, I think, again, getting the $25 billion was critical and I think the fact that the market has got opened up and allowed us to get in there at the right time. And as you know, we were well oversubscribed, which I think just goes to the confidence that the market has in the long-term fundamentals of the marketplace. We don't see a need to raise any additional capital at this time. And - but we'll continue to monitor it and keep all of our options open. But as I said in my opening remarks on deployment, if we see opportunities to pay down that debt sooner or restructure that in any way, we will absolutely be doing that and we will be laser-focused on bringing that debt down and getting the balance sheet back in order.
Greg Smith: Yes well, look I mean, like Dave mentioned and I think I echoed, the rate profile that we put in, and the delivery profile is really based on detailed discussions with each of our customers. That certainly has better clarity this quarter than they did last quarter, so we adjusted that accordingly. But we're in discussions with them daily and we'll continue to do that and make adjustments. When you look at the supply chain, as you know Seth, everybody is in a different state. I'll say inventory and rate based on where they were before the pandemic, in particular where we had suppliers that were not - did not have appropriate inventory levels or weren't making our master schedule. So some of those have been accelerated so, I would just tell you that each one of them is that a bit of a different place depending on how much built inventory they have, so you're going to see variation supplier-by-supplier. And we're, again, staying really engage with them daily on our plans and assumptions, and then helping them as they manage through their inventory or their ramp-up. But you're not going to see, I'll say, everybody is going to have a similar profile to what we have really due to the, like I said, the fact that everybody is sitting at a little bit different inventory level. And, of course, we're going to, as we said, priority one for us help our customers get the fleet back up, and then it's clearing the ramp, delivering the inventoried aircraft that are, as you know, built and ready to go all that taking into consideration, again, and informing the production rates that will happen in conjunction, but really predominantly follow after we deliver off the ramp. So lots of lots of moving pieces in there, but I think the most important thing is we got to stay engaged with the supplier and really get them clear line of sight and help them manage through the transition period as we get return to service and get the airplane back in the air.
Greg Smith: Yes. Well, look, I think we're on the same page. However, like we said it's dynamic, especially in the near-term. So it's really important that you know our engagements happen frequently, we have a clear line of sight and understanding. So then we can make appropriate changes to delivery profiles, rates, and then in the supply chain. So what we laid out today is our best estimate based on all that input and feedback from customers. Again, in and around the globe and then managing the risk within our factories, combined with the supply chain. As both Dave and I have articulated several times, we've spent a lot of time and effort stabilizing the 737 production facility and enhancing it. And with a keen eye towards as we move up and move back into higher production rates it's going to be very smooth and methodical and we're going to certainly have the advantage of all the hard work we put in place to drive stability and not have traveled work and just ensure that, again, we have a smooth rate ramp-up that combined with informed customers - being informed by our customers. So all of that has been taken into consideration on the profile that we just laid out. And obviously, if we see that changing, we'll adjust accordingly. I think the one moving pieces in there, Noah, that certainly does have flexibility is delivery off the ramp. Those aircraft are finished, they're ready to go. We've got flexibility and the team actually has done some great work getting ahead of that and essentially modeling out and really practicing how we're going to deliver those aircraft and recognizing there is going to be some movement from tail to tail and customer to customer. So we've got that flexibility it out there that I suspect that we'll have to utilize as we deliver those finished planes. That will, in turn, inform the production rate ramp-up. So we'll continue to kind of keep both of those in mind in. And like I said, one will inform the other and we'll continue to stay engaged with the customers.
Greg Smith: Yes, I think that's definitely - that is going to be the case and, on the MAX, again, customer by customer, it varies. So it's not kind of a one size fits all when it comes to cash and the delivery profile of those airplanes that are going to come off the ramp. So, again, lots of moving pieces in there, but as we kind of pull it all together, just again, based on what we see today, we can see that path to positive cash flow. And like I said it - we'll continue to keep you up-to-date on that, but I think we've got between the rates in our game plan around how we're going to execute between now and then I think we have a good line of sight on that right now.
Greg Smith: Well Sheila, as I said, right now it's the pass to that point, right? And so the focus that we talked about around rightsizing the company and taking the actions are going to - they're going to feed right into that. When you look at kind of unit margin over that period by program, again, as I mentioned on one of the prior questions, we're certainly under more pressure because of the lower production rates. But as we ramp-up, and particularly on the MAX we'll see that gross margin on a unit basis come up. And then again, we'll just have to continue to manage our spend on all of our discretionary but the actions that Dave - and I'll let Dave comment here, but the actions that we're putting in place now are really focused out in that time frame to make sure we come out of this stronger, and healthier and positioned to compete and get us through this window, this period we're all faced with the pandemic and really just not leave a rock unturned as far as our cost structures in our inter-site consolidations and so on, to ensure that we preserve cash flow out in that period and then, therefore, margin. But I'll let Dave comment as well.
Greg Smith: Yes, the short answer is, yes. We have Doug. So we've assessed all 450 and put a risk assessment against all of those aircraft. And then took a provision for that we believe we will have to either re-market or re-configure some of those aircraft. And that's something obviously, that we'll continue to monitor and update on. But we've assumed that that will take place with some of those aircraft, just again, by the discussions we've been having with our customers.
Greg Smith: Yes well, the team - like I said, we're trying to stay ahead of these things, so anticipating this as a possibility, quite frankly some time ago. The team has gone through and got clear understanding about how would you go about doing this systematically, where would we do it, how much configuration would take place. Obviously, with the MAX as you know, it's fairly limited. You're not dealing with the wide-body so impact on the supply chain, quite frankly I don't really see it much. It's going to be more basic re-configuration and, in some cases, possibly customers take them configured as is and they reconfigure them. So I think, you're going to see a variety in how this plays out. But again, we're anticipating, we're going to do some of it and we're trying to get ahead of it. And I think getting those plans in place today, and if it's better than that great. If it isn't, we'll be ready and facilitized to be able to do it.
Greg Smith: Yes, no like I think we've been consistent to say, hey look, we want to get those airplanes delivered and that's the majority of them in the first year. So there'll be airplanes that are outside that first year, but the majority will take place in the first year. Rob, this is just based on discussions we're having with customers in sequencing those airplanes out. And we'll continue to focus on again, relieving the inventory off the ramp, which then again, that informs the production rate. So we got to focus there, first and then ramp up production and clear the ramp. So we can complete the airplanes coming out of production. So it moves around certainly, month-to-month quarter-to-quarter, but again, majority will remain in the first year, and then we'll see some of that trailing off over time, just again, based on customer preference.
Greg Smith: Yes, certainly I mean, they've got the fleet plans in place. And so again, what informs it is our discussions with them around quantity, and around timing and sequencing. So it - all of that's informing kind of how we front-load this thing. But look, Robbie, could it move here and there from month-to-month and from quantity of airplane outside this profile. Sure it could, but as we see it today, we see the majority of those, again, informed by the customer. We certainly have the ability and we're capacitized to deliver them, and as you know they are completed aircraft. So, the cycle time from turn that airplane on and getting into the hands of the customer is pretty short. So we've got that, again that flexibility in our favor here and we'll adapt accordingly based on the needs of the customer.
Greg Smith: Well Cai, I'd say look, the production rate increases, Dave said it, I said it, it's going to be slow and gradual on the production side building up to 31 in that timeframe. In conjunction with that will be the delivery again off the ramp, and that will really inform the production rate, but it's a very gradual slow rate build-up to that 31 and that could adjust based on how we deliver off the ramp or any further information we gather from the customers. Again, the supply chain, we have the inventory clearly on hand, as you've seen. And so, if we could go up quicker, we certainly assess that, but - and I'll let Dave weigh in here, but stability is going to be job one. It's ensuring that we move up methodically and stabilized, not have travel work, first-time quality. We'll do an assessment then we'll move up to the next rate. And then, again, we'll be informed of how quickly we are clearing the inventory off the ramp. I don't know, Dave, if you had any more to add on the production side.
