David Calhoun: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Although we report first quarter financial results today, I will direct my comments toward the dramatic actions we've taken since the Alaska Airlines accident in January.  First, we began with taking responsibility. We immediately and transparently began supporting the NTSB to identify the cause of the accident. We supported the FAA investigation of the 737-9 fleet in its entirety to do comprehensive airline inspections, and the aircraft were cleared to go back into service.  We immediately acted, working alongside our supply chain, to ensure the door plug depressurization event doesn't ever happen again. We held quality stand-downs across all of our production lines in BCA, and sought the advice and counsel of more than 70,000 employees to improve our factory disciplines and adherence to our quality standards. All in all, we collected over 30,000 ideas, and the list continues to grow. We have categorized and prioritized all.  Employee engagement has been energizing for all. Actions are being taken across all of our factories, and areas of focus include: training, particularly on the job, taking advantage of our slowdown and adding hundreds of hours of training for each of our manufacturing employees; tooling, more of it and improve maintenance; work instructions, simplify, simplify, simplify; compliance checks, discipline; traveled work controls, don't travel work; incentive structures; employee listening; and maybe above all, culture improvement.  We transparently engaged with the FAA and immediately went to work on a 90-day plan of quality action to drive improvements throughout our production system. We completed our 30-day review, and we're regularly checking in with the FAA as we complete our 90-day plan.  We engaged a team of independent quality experts to systematically review our quality control process and bring forward long-term recommendations. They are roughly 60 days into their work beginning with Renton and Spirit. And we expect them to stay for several years.  We have appointed several new leaders into critical BCA leadership roles in the last couple of months. All have jumped in with both feet, alongside our world-class workforce. They are seasoned operators and all with a critical eye. Effective March 1, we moved inspection and rework teams to Wichita. Since then, we have only allowed fully inspected fuselages to be shipped to Renton, which has dramatically reduced our nonconformances entering the Renton factory. This started as a trickle, and it has been slowly improving as time goes on.  The visibility in Wichita will help the Spirit team prevent nonconformances from being created in the first place. We are already beginning to see signs of more predictable and reduced cycle times in our factory as a result of these enhanced quality control standards. We expect this will continue to improve.  We've extended our commitment to reduce traveled work across all of our assembly lines and deep into our supply chain. While near-term delivery shortfalls hurt and will affect our performance during our first half of the year, the long-term benefits from a synchronized supply chain will be substantial.  We are absolutely committed to doing everything that we can to make certain our regulators, our customers and most importantly, our employees and the flying public are 100% confident in Boeing. And while I have shared my plans to step down as CEO by the end of the year, I will be very focused every day on seeing that commitment through.  As we move through this period, it is important that our people and our stakeholders understand how promising Boeing's future looks. Demand across our portfolio remains incredibly strong. Our people are world-class. There's a lot of work in front of us, but I'm proud of our team and remain fully confident in our future.  While this effort will slow our recovery timing, we are now seeing these proof points that give us confidence that we'll begin to stabilize and improve performance moving forward. By the end of this year, we expect to have largely delivered our 737 and 787 inventory, effectively shutting down our 2 large shadow factories.  Our commercial business will be more stable. Our defense unit will be progressing towards more historic levels of performance. And our services team will continue to deliver exceptional results. And most importantly, we will have embedded all of the important lessons we've learned in the last few months and over the last several years.  During that time, I've had the opportunity to speak to many of our frontline team members, engineers and mechanics. I continue to be amazed by the pride they take in their work, their commitment to getting things done the right way, the safe way, their willingness to raise their hands and offer ideas for how to do things better.  With that, I'll turn it over to Brian. 
David Calhoun: So why don't I start this off? It is going to stay sporadic through 2Q. The real pivot for us is the number of clean fuselages we get out of Spirit with the new inspection protocols. It started slow.  In the meantime, we've been working on all the fuselages that were already trapped in the pipeline that did not go through that inspection process. So that's why it's slow and lumpy here in these couple of months, but we will be through that process within the next 60 days. And then we will just be dealing with clean fuselages out of Wichita.  So far, we're quite encouraged at just how clean they are and how quickly they move through our production cycle, substantially better, faster than before. So as we exit 2Q, we will know exactly what numbers are coming out of Wichita and what expectations are.  We are not going to rush it. We're simply going to demand that they be clean. But I like all the signals. I was walking through the factory yesterday. When we get a clean one, it whistles through the factory, and that's the most important thing. 
David Calhoun: We do. Spirit's committed to it. I think the acquisition of Spirit will factor in significantly into that prospect. Clean fuselages in Spirit and in Wichita and fix on all those nonconformances will reduce their cycle and improve their output. So there's a lot of things that contribute to it, Doug. If we get ourselves to 38, which is our first objective, and we do it in a steady fashion moving up another 12 in my view, is doable in the window that we're talking about.  So that's the bet we're making, and I'm confident we can get there. But job 1 is the 6 months that commenced post Alaska and the inspection protocols and the nonconformance fixes that are then embedded into the Wichita facility. 
David Calhoun: Yes. So Noah, I'll address this one. First of all, I'm glad you asked about the 6 months. When I say 6 months, I'm talking about the first half of this year because remember, we commenced all of these actions the day after the Alaska Air accident.  Our determination -- the big factor here, in my view with respect to the essence of the question, is this move to eliminate traveled work in our factory and specifically and most importantly, the fuselage. So that action was commenced on March 1, inspection line in place, full inspections being performed in Wichita.  Our rework teams with respect to nonconformances that were worked up in Seattle, those teams have been visiting regularly down to Wichita. And I fully expect, I fully expect for them to come up to rate with clean fuselages here as we get into the second half.  That, again, is the big productivity driver in the Renton factory. And the cycle time improvements also double up as capacity improvements for pretty much for us and for them. So that is the big question.  The 30,000 ideas, that is a long list of stuff that just provides for continuous improvement from this day until forever. So that's not something that all has to get processed and completed before we can sort of flip the switch and go. It's quite the opposite.  It is a set of continuous improvement concepts and ideas that we simply set out with our workforce and our leadership team over time. And that's recognized by our employees and by our leadership team. So that's how I think about this sequence. 
David Calhoun: I think that's fair. Noah, the most important one, the essential one and that we will have to report as we close the second quarter is going to be the number of clean fuselages that we're receiving from Wichita and the prognosis for that going forward. So that will be the most essential part of the equation I think you're trying to solve.  I think all the other stuff, we'll categorize for you. That's not hard. We do it for the FAA. We do it for our own teams. But that is not going to be rate limiting. It's not -- none of that is going to factor into the rate limits.  What is going to factor in is this determination, it's to make sure traveled work doesn't come back to us and that Wichita is up to the rate increases. 
David Calhoun: Yes. No change on the latter. But we really have two constraints to think about on the 87. One is discrete. It's well understood and known, and it's heat exchangers. This is a product that used to be built in Russia. When the invasion happened, it got moved, and the capacity of that supplier has not kept pace with us. But the improvement plan that we all see gets us where we need to be by the fourth quarter, and we have a lot of confidence in it. So again, discrete, well known, et cetera.  The other one that is -- that affects us is not necessarily our suppliers. But as you may know, the seat suppliers out there are in shorter capacity. A lot of that is buyer furnished. But nevertheless, it holds up an airplane. And so that one is a little more medium term-ish. Capacity is being built out.  I think people will get ahead of it, but that will be a little longer than the heat exchanger. And anyway, so that will affect us a bit. And when you have a buyer-furnished problem like that, you don't have a consequence attached to it, as you probably know. 
David Calhoun: No. We can move forward without full clarity. And as you probably know, we're not going to get involved in that, whatever is going on there. We encourage Spirit to do whatever they need to do to try to remedy or improve their business relative to our potential acquisition. So I don't have a lot of insight into that, but I encourage Spirit to try to resolve that kind of stuff as quickly as they can. But we are not -- we're not being held hostage to that. 
David Calhoun: Yes. I always -- I appreciate you're asking that, Peter. First of all, the process we have in place is a good one. Steve Mollenkopf in the Chair role, Bob Bradway in the governance role. The Board at large, they're going to look at the market every way they can. They know I have an internal candidate that I think the world of. They will balance sort of their perspective and get to the right conclusion with my full support. I do not expect that to happen in the next month or 2. So let's all be clear about that.  Look, my prescription is pretty simple. You know as well as anybody, maybe better than anybody how long term this business is.  You also know that mistakes that matter are usually in the development of another airplane, not so much in the production issues that we face today or the supply chain issues that were created from COVID. These are in the context of aviation, short-term issues that have to get wrestled through slowly in a disciplined way.  On the other hand, when you get big development programs wrong, you pay a price, and you pay it for a long time, and I know an awful lot about that. So my view is that next leader has to be prepared to make smart long-term decisions and get the development programs right.  So that's the prescription that I've offered to the Board, that I offer to pretty much everybody. And again, I have an internal succession plan broadly that I like. And anyway, we'll see where things turn out. But either way, they have my full support. 
Brian West: Cai, I'll take that one. Why don't we talk about in the context of 737 overall margins? The program booked about 300 basis points of impact in the quarter. And that was primarily driven by the delayed rate ramp that you're describing as well as mixing in more 8s and 9s for 10s in the near term so that we can support our customers in their fleet planning.  So that will all roll through, and the timing will be expanded over the next couple of years. What our expectation is that over time that while these program margins won't get back to the 2018 levels, they will expand. And that will largely be driven by the rate ramps that Dave described.  And the reason why they'll be different from where they were in 2018 is largely, as you know, is because of the customer mix and these delayed considerations. So all in all, when we step back and think about long term, structurally, particularly on the cash margin front, not a lot has changed. We just have to work through getting from here to those higher levels, including the consideration that we've described that we booked in the quarter. Overall long term, we still think we get there. 
Brian West: Thanks, Seth. First and foremost, I remind everyone that we do have $17 billion of liquidity today, comprised of the cash on hand as well as our credit lines. What we're focused on is a first half cash usage that is resulting from all of the actions we're taking to stabilize both the factory and the supply chain to set ourselves up for success as we move to the second half and into 2025.  And to that end, any supplemental funding that I talked about would do two things. First of all, it would restore our cash balance to the historical level that you point out, that $10 billion-ish. But it also means that we want to continue our practice to stay well ahead of our near-term maturities. And by near term, I mean roughly the next 12 months.  So that's what we're thinking about as we sit here today. We will be prudent and thoughtful. We believe the market would be open to us. And as we've said consistently, the most important thing is our investment-grade credit rating that we think a lot about, and it is a priority. 
Brian West: Only thing I would add is that tactically, we have adjusted the master schedule at a supplier-by-supplier basis. It's all out there. They know it. We will continue to pace final assembly in line with that master schedule so that we don't sacrifice stability because what we're talking about is a very important near-term investment that we have to stay laser-like focused on so that we don't take a step back.  And that's what we're focused on. And we believe that we can handle the cash flow fluctuations as we get through the first half into the second half and position ourselves for 2025. 
Brian West: So we're going to not talk about that specifically in terms of that award. But I did want to come back to two things that you asked about. I want to make sure there's color out there. 777X, as we described, no changes. But I would like to indicate that we're starting to see the inventory implications of that ramp. And that's something that's big and important as we move through this year, and we're excited to be able to put that in service.  But that does create some working capital pressure that I don't want to be -- have lost on anyone.  And as it pertains to the 87, very nice progress in terms of our inventory liquidation progressing well. Keep in mind, not all of that will get delivered. All that will get reworked and completed, but the deliveries are going to lag.  And as far as production is concerned, we will be a couple lower than that 5 per month for most of the year as the supply chain catches up. And as Dave mentioned, we do have a recovery plan, and we are optimistic.  And one bright spot is that, that second line has now been activated. So as soon as that supply chain is positioned, we'll be ready to go, but it will be lower as we move through this year. 
Brian West: Well, as we stand for what I described in terms of what we're looking at right now, working closely with the rating agencies, we believe we can do the move I described in the near term with market access without that.  As it pertains to Spirit, we talked about that this is a deal where discussions are ongoing. It's complicated. There's other parties involved. And what this means is that once it does get signed, we expect it to, that it's going to take time to close. And in that time between signing and closing, we're going to explore the optimal financing for that transaction in order to maintain the investment-grade credit rating. And that's important.  How exactly that looks? Don't know. We've got the time. And importantly, at the same time, we're going to have a factory that we expect to get more and more stable. So we're going to get to the optimal answer. We're going to protect the investment-grade credit rating. And how the pieces play out, stay tuned. 
Brian West: Sure. On BDS, Jason, characterized in a couple of ways, we're retiring risk every day, particularly on a program like VC-25B, which will move our way through. And we will deliver 2 airplanes, and then that will be over as a program.  The ones that are interesting to us in terms of the development side would be the T-7 and the MQ. T-7, we expect to get through the flight test program. Good progress with the customer. It's proceeding well. That's an important milestone as we exit this year.  Similarly, on MQ-25, we will get to the build, we will get to the software integration, and we will be able to get through an important milestone with the customer as we exit this year. Importantly on the MQ-25, as I mentioned, we just signed with the customer 2 additional airplanes that are going to be cost type. That's important. Another move towards our intent to derisk.  And then on the commercial crew, we've got a launch coming up. That will continue to derisk that program. And the tanker, the tanker continues to show good progress. It does get impacted somewhat by our determination to reduce traveled work. But long term, the tankers are performing in the field.  We're getting a better handle on what that needs to look like over time, and we're confident that we're derisking it. So by and large, we still feel confident that we'll work our way through it. And that will result in a BDS margin level as we get into the '25, '26 time frame that we believe is going to be in the high single digits. Nothing has taken us off that, and we look forward to retiring these risks. 
