David Calhoun: Thanks, Brian. We're making important progress. We're taking the right actions to drive stability, to drive safety and quality in everything that we do. But while the past can be dynamic, I'm confident in our recovery and in our long-term growth. I'll close by thanking our teammates, your resilience, your passion, your commitment, continues to impress. These are challenging times and you've continued to bring your best to Boeing each and every day. As we look to the future, we're investing in our people, in our teams, to be sure Boeing remains a unique place to build your career and contribute to our important mission. Thank you for all that you do to support our customers, our Company, and each other. And with that, Brian and I will be happy to take questions.
David Calhoun: So Doug, I think as you know, we have done everything in our power to separate the settlement of the contract misses that we've experienced from new airplane orders and discounts. So we we've done everything in our power to keep them separate and we've been very successful in that process. No negotiation is complete until it's complete, so I can't be perfectly accurate on this front. But the lion share are, in fact in the rear-view mirror. And we know where the wiggle room is with respect to them. We think the final ones. On the other hand, I never say we're done until we're done. I am quite confident that pricing discipline going forward has been and will continue to be sustained and maintained. And I think as we shift from what used to be a demand problem to more of a supply problem in the course of next calendar year, that, in fact, all of the trends are in our favor on that front. I really -- I think this has been managed well in the separation of those issues, and I think we're in a pretty good and disciplined place with respect to pricing.
David Calhoun: Yes. Doug, I feel very strongly that that is, in fact, the case and I've been involved in them and we have proof points, so, yes.
David Calhoun: Yes, I think it's too early for me to even suggest that one. We'll be as aggressive as we can in moving them out. But as you know, it all depends ultimately on the fleet. Planning changes that our customers employ. We've cause them harm to date, as they rethink their fleet planning. They're going to take them, when they want to take them, I can't jam them down anybody's throat. So, as soon as we have real clarity with respect to the timing of all that, we will give you a good firm guidance on it.
David Calhoun: Yeah. I wish I could give you a little more clarity. It's going to be when it's going to be with respect to increasing the rates and also beginning deliveries, because we really do have to get through these issues that prevent us from getting ticketed. While I believe we have clear line of sight on the issues, we've got to give our own teams and then the FAA time to get through all their analytics and agree with everything that we we're doing with respect to the rework plans, etc. We are well through it, but we're not through it. So until that happens, until we can announce deliveries commencing it going to be hard for me to give you guidance. With respect to demand, look if I thought we were going to be at something below five a month anytime soon, I would make bigger adjustments and we'd have less of an abnormal cost scenario. Abnormal costs for me are important costs to keep this line up running fresh and ready when 5 comes back. And so that's where we are. And I also just happen to believe on the basis of the testimony from customers and their experience with the airplane. As I said, and I reiterate the irony of the whole story as it's the most utilized wide-body out there.  It's delivering on efficiency, it's delivering on everything we promised. It's got cargo capability which has been an important factor in the role that its played. I think the demand is going to be quite robust and I think as we get to the second half of next year, that will begin to play out for all of us. But at this moment in time, I just can't be real definitive until we commenced deliveries.
David Calhoun: Well, the time we gave ourselves just for starters, we put a lot of time into this that prior to the 37 MAX [Indiscernible], we would never have included. It would've been the total opposite. We would've been doing sort of straight lines from here to the chart. So we have put time in based on everything we've learned from the MAX.  So far, our experience is that there have been pauses that the FAA has taken. Maintaining the same posture that they did with the MAX. Boeing get your house in order before we run this test, Boeing do this before we do that. And we have stuck to that discipline and that was all part of the original plan and the timing for Fourth Quarter of 23. So we're still on that plan, nothing at this moment in time has sort of -- or posture taken has suggested that the plan isn't still workable. So that's why it really was that first moment when we surprised everybody with the delay and the time that it was going to take. It was all the planning involved in that, that I think still gives us confidence.
David Calhoun: Well, on technical milestones, meaning commitments to our customers efficiency, this, that and the other thing. I think we've done all of our own flight tests. That's one another reason why we're so confident. We've been flying, and so we are in a pretty good place on all that front and we believe we can meet those expectations if not surpassed them.  No shortfalls on that front technically. As we work through all the safety protocols and all the documentation required on that front, I can't really guide you to any one thing, and I don't believe there is any one thing that gets in the way, but if there was ever going to be a got you, that's where it would be.
David Calhoun: On the subject certainty. I can't give you a certainty until I'm certain. I wouldn't use the word very. I would characterize it as something quite a bit less than that. Our tip detail inspection, I think I had mentioned this the last time we're all together is complete, so we're not out there hunting for anything.  We did have a sort of a late breaking from a parts supplier that unfortunately is sub-tier supplier to other suppliers where we have to track a particular material substitution question that was brought to us by their regulators and track it through every part and then every supplier to us. So that process just takes time. We have, of course, segmented those parts. We believe we're in a good place. We don't believe there's safety ramifications.  On the other hand, on the subject of compliance, we have to make sure we're compliant with the material specs that are included in our design. That just takes some time. We're working our way through it, we're well past halfway. We're working our way down to the finish line, but that was the one that added some time to this. And then with respect to the workload, it's 90 % Boeing.  We're the ones that have to satisfy ourselves that we're compliant. And then the FAA has to agree with those set of analytics and they have to agree with all of our -- ultimately the judgments we make. And that's reasonably well in and we've been transparent from the word go.  So there won't be any surprises with respect on what the issues are and or the data that we're collecting to support our ultimate conclusions. So I think we're in an okay place. I wouldn't say very uncertain but I don't use that term, but we are uncertain, and we've got to get to that moment where we can start delivering.
David Calhoun: Yeah, no, they -- I wouldn't suggest they've been hunting for in any profound way. This is from the very beginning, this has been mostly Boeing on Boeing. So, but anything and everything that we ultimately find and or a supplier volunteers to us, we take it straight to the FAA and then we begin to work our way through it. So again, I want to be careful, this is not a problem with the FAA. They are doing their work. We just have to solve these things by ourselves and bring it to them and make sure that they agree with our judgments.
David Calhoun: Well, that's a little bit of why some drift into '23, it's like everything, we don't get the unilaterally decide, who gets them and how fast they get them. They got to incorporate them into their fleet plans and there has been some repositioning of airplanes that require work. And you're right about that. That's all included in our forward estimates with respect to the program performance.  It's very manageable and I think well within our means to do it all, I wouldn't consider it significant relative to the number of airplanes that we're going to move. Most of them are going to move under previously determined plans. So that's probably the best color I can give it to you. But that is why there is some drift into '23 with respect to deliveries.
David Calhoun: Well, because 31 was the number we we used to evaluate the supply chain. I continue to believe in the evidence is beginning to support that by the second half of next year, our industry will be supply constrained. So in trying to determine what the right rate would be for us at 31, we believe we have a supply chain that can handle that, and you're right. With the amount of inventory build that we have asked for during these current months, we have low production rates.  We think we're in a pretty good place to be able to do that. With respect to increasing from 31, as we go through the second half of the year and forward, I think that will be an assessment of the supply chain, not an assessment of demand, that gets us to whatever number we get to. I think we're going to be in a supply constrained world, probably from second half through all of '23 with respect to narrow-bodies. And that's true, I believe for the industry.
David Calhoun: Good question David. The bigger source of variability with respect to completions and deliveries is on the inventory airplanes that we are back -- we are bringing into service, as opposed to ones coming fresh off the production line. So there's -- of course, as you know is a lot of warming up, there's a lot of things that you have to do. Depending on what you find, you got to do the work to make sure the readiness is what it needs to be.  And we've said to the team, take all the time you need to get that exactly right. We're going to do this one airplane at a time. So we still have more variability in that then I would like to have. We are getting a little more stable. I think as we move into next year, we were going to be quite stable on that front. But at any rate, that has been the source of most of our delivery variation on the MAX. And we got to keep -- we do have to keep that discipline. That is why we're at the reliability rates we're at, which is extremely high.
David Calhoun: Remember, like I said, we don't -- all these airplanes have homes. And so fleet -- our customers fleet plans and all the turmoil that we've created for them, we got to incorporate every one of these deliveries into their fleet plans, and so it's a -- the counter party has a lot of sway with respect to when we deliver and how we deliver and like I said, that has a lot to do with the tail moving into '23.
David Calhoun: I don't have that number -- I don't have the percentage on the tip of my tongue [Brian] (ph), if you might. But what I will say this is the risk, if the question is related to risk, the risk related to that number continues to go down as we continue to move out delivery rates.  And then secondly, with the robustness of the market the willingness and the number of people interested in potentially taking some big portion of that. That's also at the door. So it's not as big a risk to our Company as it once felt. On the other hand, I don't have the number on the tip of my tongue.
David Calhoun: Yeah, I know I -- we have to get better at delivering out of the completion center or inventory airplanes, which I think we will, as I mentioned to you before, we've had a lot of variability on that front and we got to be better at that and that is the kind of work that we're doing. So I'm reasonably confident. I'm not sure I've got the same math you've got. But nonetheless, you're in the ballpark. And that's when we have to commit to do.
David Calhoun: Let me answer the second question. First, I'll let Brian discuss taxes all the way downhill. One of forecasted. Most of the rework with respect to the issues that have come up on the 787 is in the rear view mirror for us. So this will be a little less about that, you know whatever we find in these last set of parts in anything that we may have to do on that front, as I said, is ahead of us. But we've been doing rework nonstop for the last 7 months.  So it's not a giant mountain ahead of us. Then it just becomes a question of customer -- when do they want it? Now remember, international ops grew, almost all of our customers are still significantly below where they used to be. So when do they want them? How does it melt into their fleet plan? Because we're going to be incredibly accommodative to that. And then second, just how we orchestrate the movement through our completion center alongside the FAA. So those will be the determinants, but it will not be a giant rework backlog that is going to prevent us from delivering airplanes.
Brian West: We are actively talking with customers and as we closed the quarter, there are provisions for what we believe those concessions to be as we stand here today.
Brian West: So a big piece of it is going to be, as I mentioned, the deliveries and the subsequent inventory unwind. We've talked a lot about how the 737 is going to unwind. Looks the same thing with the 787. We continue -- that would be a huge benefit going from negative to positive. We always want to temper folks to make sure they appreciate that the advanced burn down will happen by the end of 2022 and it's going to naturally occur as those deliveries take place. So really it's deliveries, it's vast majority of that swing in the cash flow, as well as continuing to drive the operations to hire stability and continuing to work our business transformation efforts.
Brian West: We don't have that specifically, but we do know that based on the some of the order activity from this year and the delivery timing between the 2 years, it's naturally going to have to burn down and we're preparing for that. It's a headwind, but not so much so that we can't accomplish that free cash flow generation large because we're going to deliver a lot more airplanes.
Brian West: On the taxes. We could expect something, but when we execute our suite from negative to positive, it's not a factor in underwriting that case, so not a lot.
