Jim McNerney: Thanks Greg. With a strong first half behind us and the team that is focused on sustained strong business performance we’re ready and committed to deliver on our strengthened outlook for the remainder of 2014. Our priorities remain clear, the profitable ramp up in production on our commercial airplane programs executing on our commercial and defense development programs with the emphasis on tanker, driving productivity and affordability throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen and position our defense business with investments in growth areas midst further international expansion and all the while providing increasing value to both our customers and shareholders. With that said we’d now be happy to take your questions.
Jim McNerney: Let me address your second question first on margin improvement. You are right, I mean I think again the continuous focus on productivity whether it’s within our four walls or through the partnering for success initiatives is driving a lot of that. And there has been improvement on the 787. We’re certainly not at the levels that we expect. So we have high expectations on driving margins further on that program, but we have seen improvements on that program as well as I’d say on the core program in particular the 37 and the 777, so continuing the focus there Howard, big priority for us, big priority within partnering for success certainly at 787. With regards to the tanker program you know certainly as we worked our way through the integration on that first aircraft and learning from that and understanding from the challenges we were faced with, we certainly understand the scope of work that needs to be done on the balance of that aircraft as well as aircraft two through four and that’s giving us the confidence to understand again how to get completion. This is not new technology or innovation this is basic kind of blocking and tackling who work through the redesign on the engineering effort primarily around the wire harnesses and then the manufacturing labor to work through installing those. So we have got some of that activity completed on the first aircraft enough to move into first flight which will be late in the third quarter this year and then the balance will obviously be scoped that will be applied on those other airplanes. If you look at kind of some of the things that are done on this program maybe versus some of the others, lab so we have wet fuel lab, we have a lighting lab and those are all put been put in place and right from the beginning of the program to de-risk the program. So we have a very functional wet lab where we’re actually running fuel through pumps and valves to validate that on the ground so when we get in the air that minimizes that risk. And so there’s things like that Howard that have been put in place that we’re continuing to make our way, you know making progress on as well as working our way through the functional testing on that first airplane. So that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it. Again we’re comfortable about the path forward, we’re committed to meeting the customer milestones through the balance of this contract and that’s what the team has been focused on. And the long-term profitability I should also mention on this program and that objective is unchanged as we work into the production phase of the contract.
Jim McNerney: Listen, this development program the two design pillars of the remaining part of the decade were aborting major pileups of engineering with concurrent work being done and the second pillar was not absorbing as much risk in each development I mean in other worlds capitalizing on some of the hard fought technology hands would have to not adding risk to that. And so I think those comments imply a design on some of pressure but nothing like your question imply I mean our plans do not have big pileups in R&D along the way is more characterized by very manageable no major year-over-year spikes now we’ll report on that as we get close to this but the design of this is moderation would be a word that I use rather than precipitous in any given year.
Jim McNerney: Well we did have a 150 777X orders at least the four Farnborough but look the competitive question and I know that’s what you’re really driving here, one way to look at the A330 NEO is that it replaces an ambition to have a second A350-800 model. So in some respect it’s a tread of older technology re-engine up for newer technology and I’m not sitting with the Airbus guys as they make these calls but F1 we’ll look at it old technology for new and whereas we’ve got in the wide body space five new airplanes all of which exceed the competitive performance of what we’ve seen from our competitor and so I really like that line up and I think if you look at year-to-date orders wide bodies for example I think you will see a very healthy dose of I forget exactly someone to mid 200s wide bodies and I think with the Emirates cancellation our competitor may be negative for the year. So that is a more strategic timeframe than what happen during three days at Farnborough but I really like the relative strength of our wide body offerings, those five air planes all new, all selling briskly with a sort of a mix of new technology and reengineering technology that our competitor has.
Jim McNerney: Yes, Cai, your question about A330 NEO as compare the most comfortable airplane would be the 787-10 in terms of remission. Look our strategy is to produce the most capable airplane and then share the value with our customers that that value produce and obviously the values to components, one is efficiency that’s all about fuel big advantage -10 compare to the A330 NEO in the neighborhood of mid double digits kind of advances and also performance. I mean I think the reach of the airplane little greater. And so we feel very comfortable even under scenarios where, as your question implies they would have to accept less-price for a less capable airplane. We feel very comfortable when we sort of model that all out that our returns are good and the capability of our airplane sustains value for both us and our customers. And so, I think I understand why they made this decision. It’s a far less capable airplane and don’t have to make decisions on how they price it and how they market it. But these aren’t pancakes we’re dealing with. These are airplanes, major investments that produce a lot of value and they are good.
Jim McNerney: Well certainly again coming back to partnering for success that was one of the bigger elements of the movement within the quarter Joe. And like we talked in the past, on the partnering for success efforts 787 is the big, our number one priority. So started to see some of that come together with our suppliers and reaching agreements and we booked it. And that’s essentially what drove the change quarter-over-quarter.
Jim McNerney: I think it’s going to take time Joe there is no question about it. I mean quarter-over-quarter I wouldn’t expect a lot of movement. But we have a plan by supplier, by component and working with those folks. So it really kind of gets to how we can accelerate those discussions or negotiations and reach up an agreement. The more time we spend on partner success the more mature we’re getting with those discussions and we expect to do that. But it’s going to take some time, but clearly again it’s the number one priority and focus and we have a plan and so we got to continue to execute that and work with our partners. Because the long-term certainly prospects of this program are extremely beneficial to everybody including our suppliers. So we continued on the journey that we started here.
Jim McNerney: I mean remember last year too we had a lot of timing benefit very late in the fourth quarter which I don’t expect at the same level as we were going to experience this year. We got more cash taxes by close to $1 billion this year compared to last year and again some of that is back loaded when you compare. But I would just say very focused obviously on generating cash, we’re comfortable with our approximately $7 billion cash flow and if we see that improving through the next quarter then we’ll update our guidance going forward. But at the same time when you look at the long-term prospects on cash flow for the company that is unchanged, I mean delivering on this backlog and executing to our plans is going to generate a significant amount of operating cash going forward and we’re going to deploy that in the most efficient and effective way possible. So continue to focus on Myles, again it’s hard to compare fourth quarter or third quarter this one. Because a lot of moving pieces within the quarter but again if we see opportunities to improve that we will but we’re comfortable with where we’re right now.
Jim McNerney: Yes I do, I mean I think the math for that business is over time tanker replaces C-17, actually little more when you look at the numbers. There was a couple of big development programs coming up. Three that I mentioned in my remarks there is a couple of other ones. Our opportunity to win those, a couple of those is good, which would mitigate risk on the fighter side as the F-18 and the F-15 over the next decade face some setting. And then the upside is international. I mean one of the unique things Boeing has is strong company to country relationships built over the years largely in our commercial business that has broad industrial base and cooperation in many of world’s key countries that help us in campaigns both on the BDS and the commercial side. And there is a lot of action out there. I mentioned the 35% of our backlog, I would probably say somewhat more than that as a percentage of our discussions of the pipeline out there. And historically we’ve done well. So that adds up an equation with the helicopters and space and some of the other things staying flat or slightly up. That adds up to an equation of flattish growth with maybe some upside. But with the U.S. defense market being what it is. I think we want to keep our feet underneath this our costs under control because there is a unpredictability about that. We think we’ve got that risk covered. We think we understand it, but it remains a bit of a wildcard and we want to be ready if there is a wildcard and I think we will be.
Jim McNerney: Well first of all Sam, I think the chances are good. My assessment is that the, the bank will be reauthorized now there’s risk it won’t okay, but I just want to give you my view and so addressing that risk. You know the Ex-Im bank has come down as a percentage of our customer base in terms of what percentage relies on them and that has reflected a lot of liquidity in the capital markets but there are times when the markets are less friendly that the Ex-Im bank does go up and becomes a significant percentage. The -- I think the issue is more about level playing fields with our competition than it is Boeing goes under without the Ex-Im bank, okay. I mean I think this idea of unilaterally disarming US manufacturers while European manufacturers continue to get copious kinds of Ex-Im type support is something that -- and that traces back to -- I don’t think the political infrastructure will do that. So it’s more an issue of that of losing some campaigns out there where that is important if we didn’t have the Ex-Im bank. Scrambling, using our balance sheet somewhat more and we worked with the net earning assets at BCC down significantly over the last few years. So there’s some room there, but it would be more an issue of competitiveness than it would be an issue, and that’s a big issue, okay, it’s a huge issue, that it would be the balance sheet of Boeing and the credit rating of Boeing being threatened.
Jim McNerney: Yes, I mean, just starting at the highest possible level I mean, one of the reasons we like being the world’s largest aerospace company, participating in many sectors, some commercial, some defense, some state there obviously is some risk mitigation, value of diversification, some things are up some things are down, so that’s an overall thought and we still like that thought. The -- but I know your question is more centered on the commercial part of our company and again you know we are in a, driven by Boeing in a big technology change out cycle here that is responding to oil prices, you and I can whether it’ll be $90 or a $130. These airplanes payback at any considerable oil price in this unfriendly world we all live in. So starting with the 787 and it’s now flowing through the rest of our wide-body product line promises to flow into our narrow-body product line sometime in the next decade and the next decade we don’t know yet. This offer huge efficiency and maintenance advantages that do encourage people to retire plans earlier than they would where these alternatives not available so and they pay back. So every sign I see is that this technology change out is going to led just look at our airplanes 777X is going to keep going over the next decade or so that I can see right now. So that’s the difference compared to normal cycles. And so that supports the argument that says, it’s extended and it’s really hard to call. And we have a lot confidence in our production rates they do drop a little bit in ’17 and ’18 and in the 777 and in the 87 that we talk about. So we see the extended growth market here.
Jim McNerney: Well I think the big drivers are going to be in our commercial business. We tend to have lumpy earnings when we take too much risk in development. And I think which is why the mantra of de-risking the decade in front of us has been something that where we’ve all after having gone through 787 experience, we all thought a lot about and so flowing the right amount of technology into the 787-9, 787-10 the 737 MAX, 777X-8 and 777X-9 enough to capture enough of this technology advantage but not more than people willing to pay for or more than what drive risk that we’re not willing to absorb, we try to think a lot about that and as I imply and I think it was I forgot who ask the question it might have been done on R&D. By design we sort of got a stability both in our research and development spending and in the amount of risk associated risk were taking during that and when you ask stability in this business and you get these programs driving margins as we’ve I think demonstrated over the last three to four years you can make money in this business and I think you’re going to see more of that.
Jim McNerney: The heart will still be beating. The employees will still be cowering. I’ll be working hard, there is no one to decide where continuing to build the succession plan and alternatives to succeed me eventually but there is no discussion of it yet. So there still be asking questions of me.
Jim McNerney: Just like I’d say any development program once you reach the point of integration whether you’re integrating the structure of the systems and wiring and that’s where you’re really give the capability of the how things are coming together in the efficiency. Structure of those airplanes came together extremely well where the challenges laid were really around the wiring and the wire harnesses themselves and redesigning effort to either move those wires or do whatever rework is required is really what we’re dealing at. We started to experiencing that on the -- started the integration on that first airplane and that continued which really required us again to put some additional effort in place to go back and do redesign on those harnesses and along with that system installation and the manufacturing labor associated with it. That is basically what is it and again it’s well understood as I mentioned prior to one of the questions, it’s not a technology leap. We know how to do it. We have done some of it already on that first airplane, so we’re building off of that experience. And again, we’re looking continue to de-risk the program and drive performance through the balance, which is again a reason why we put those labs or maybe investment in some of those technology labs and we’re already seen the benefits of making that investment today. So team is very focused, they know what needs to get done and it’s all about focusing on meeting customer commitments and that is our priority at this time. And we’ve got a plan to go execute to do that and it’s a day-to-day hour by hour and the team is very focused on again the task at hand.
Jim McNerney: Well, I think we have been supportive of reform over the last number of cycles. I mean as you know, the terms and conditions are a function of a treaty that basically the OECD nations debate and sign, and we have supported over the last couple of cycles increasing rates, increasing fees, making both of those more commercial term in nature. So that -- and do it in concert with the other ECAs around the world. And we’ll continue to support this move toward more close alignment with commercial terms and we’ll continue to support all kinds of efforts like that done in concert within the treaty. I think where we get uncomfortable is when we say, oh tractors, you can’t land against tractors or gas turbines or wide-body airplanes. I mean why are -- why do we pick certain elements that some raise as not in need of support while the rest of the economy is. I support none of that.
Jim McNerney: I think automation is and I know you’re aware is we’re starting with the 777 Fuselage. Lot of good work being done, hope of expanding it to both improve the quality of our airplanes to cost of which we produce them and the safety for our work and safety for our workforce. And yes, it is fair to say that overtime we would anticipate expanding that capability. There are other examples besides automation of the fuselage. There is paint shop 777 wing. I was out in Seattle recently and toward that, a terrific job being done using automation to paint major structures. So we are focused on that to improve our cost, quality and lives of our workers. And we will expand it overtime.
Jim McNerney: We don’t see that today. I think on the flight test, we have from the very beginning as part of the fixed-price development contract, proposed a more commercial like flight test program. Our customer has agreed with us. When viewed parametrically, it seems shorter than other flight tests that are done in other ways, not as efficiently. So we disagree with that assessment. And other than the problems that Greg described on the wiring separation, wiring bundles some of that detailed design. The rest of the program is moving along well in part because of these laboratories we’ve set up at our own cost to de-risk systems quickly to fuel system before installing it on the airplanes. So doesn’t mean that something can’t crop up in the future but we don’t see it now.
Greg Smith: Yes, I mean program to program they varied slightly I mean certainly 37 and 777 continue to have solid margins we did have a slight increase on the 787 as well, and you know the team is doing a very good job manning during the period expense whether it’s the G&A or the R&D or the fleet support. Now when you look in the back half, obviously we got more 787s in there so we’ll have some dilution on the margin from that perspective and a little bit higher period expense that I talked about I think on the last call where we got more new customer introductions going on so we’re going to spend a little bit more on fleet support to ensure that our customers have a smooth transition of entering that airplane into service. That predominantly was what’s driving the back half but again we’re staying very laser focused on looking for further opportunities there and continuing to drive productivity but I would tell you that these safe programs are running very well and they’re doing a very good job executing on these rate breaks at the same time continuously focused on productivity. 
Greg Smith: Well, let me, maybe I’ll start with CapEx and then we talk more about R&D. But certainly on CapEx I think for next year you’re going to see levels from all of this year and that predominantly almost all of it really investing in the future so this is all about the additional great breaks coming up along with productivity. Jim talked about the 777 automation so we are making some investments in the production system as well but again a lot of that is driven on the growth so after that Doug I think we’ll start to see the CapEx moderate at I’ll say kind of more normal levels at a stable production rate going forward. On the R&D certainly you know we will peak out here on R&D on the MAX in about 2015, obviously 787-9 ramping down but -10 ramping up and then feathering in 777X and -10 in there so we’re continuing to look at those profiles over the next couple of years and how they will play out in meeting our entry into service date, but we’ll see slight increases in the next year but again we’re managing it very tightly and I know Jim has talked a lot about how we’re managing development we talk about a lot at the Investor Conference and we’re continuing to do that optimize our spending.
Greg Smith: Okay, let me -- I will talk about the deferred and then I’ll hand it over to Jim, who can talk more talk about kind of pricing on the 787. But you’re right our airplane is much more efficient. So on the 787 on deferred Cai, about a third of that growth we saw there was inventory pull head to support -9. And as I talked about in my opening remarks, I mean, seven airplanes and we’ve seen 50% increase in unit cost, so it really gives you a sense of the cadence and the work that people are focused on to improve productivity on the program, as you think about the kind of the path forward to the end of the year certainly learning curve. We got to continue to come down the learning curve as we have and that includes obviously on the -8 but obviously with more -9 in the flow, so got to continue to work that. We do have some supplier step down through the balance of the year. There is some model mix movement that will take place in the balance of the year that should be favorable for deferred. And then as you’ve mentioned, I mean quarter-over-quarter I’d say month-over-month, we are making inventory decisions to pull forward components if they’re ready, get them into the pictures and do all much pre-work as we can and frankly that’s why you’ve seen us being able to stabilize that production system. So that’s kind of the given take that’s going to take place through balance of the year. At the same time, we’re not doing as much pull ahead as we have because we’re more stable at end of month. It’s really-really around -9. And then again continue to focus on stabilizing the production system in all positions of the assembly. So that’s kind of I’ll see the moving pieces as you look through that end of the year Cai. As I said to you certainly, this is a big focus area for us but the day-to-date focus on that program is on unit cost and cash, that’s the focus which ultimately I recognized in deferred, but that’s with that team is executing to -- again good progress but again we got to continue to comedown that learning curve through the balance of the year and going forward to drive profitability and ultimately impact deferred.
Greg Smith: I would say David you’ll see that probably around the 2016 timeframe when you look at what’s in the production flow and the mix between -8 and -9, that’s probably where you’ll really start to see the benefit of the -9 system. I’m sorry I lost you on the second question.
Greg Smith: I can tell over the cost space you’re looking at more about a 40% of that cost space is assumed to be about that -9, some of that obviously is already done and then there’s some assumptions in there about key customers that we will convert from -8 to -9 but generally that’s kind of the profile you see over the entire cost space.
