W. James McNerney: Thank you, Greg. With a strong first half performance behind us and a strengthened outlook for the remainder of the year, our team remains focused on disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvements and meeting customer commitments. Our priorities going forward are unchanged: successful production ramp-up and profitability across our Commercial Airplane programs, performance to plan on our development efforts on the 787-9 and the 737 MAX and Air Force Tanker, and repositioning our Defense business while extending our core programs and expanding internationally. I must say, I am proud again of our team's achievements, and I have confidence in our ability to deliver on our goals for the remainder of the year. With strong product and services strategies, a diverse backlog and a commitment to innovation and continuous improvement, we are well-positioned for sustained growth in the years ahead. Now we'd be glad to take your questions.
W. James McNerney: Well, you're right. I mean, the aft fuselage in Charleston is a hot spot for us, and we're addressing it. I don't think it's a showstopper in terms of getting to rate, but it is something we're focused on. I think there are a couple of other areas in the supply chain that have been well known to us for a couple of years now. And we've been addressing them in a very disciplined fashion. Again, we don't see trains stopping as result of it. We have a little more work to do in a couple of places. But the big thing, as you know, is getting the final production line steadied and producing airplanes with no further stops in the modification center. That has been happening according to plan. That is probably the single most important thing. The -- and also that we're getting the modification airplanes that we're still going to be working on here for another 1.5 years, plus that those come out, that the work scope is understood, and that those come out as planned. I think you noticed for the first time in a long time on one of our development programs, we produced more planes than we delivered this quarter as some of the machinations with our Air India customer had to get settled out as they went through a political transition there. So it's not as if we don't have issues, but I think we know what they are, and we're working on them.
W. James McNerney: Yes, I think Air India -- and I'm looking around at the guys around here. Air India is the only one that there was a deviation from plan. There were fewer in May by customer design. That's just the way the demand worked out than in some other months. And we do have a ramp-up in the back half of the year. But as I pointed out, we're on-track with the final assembly now, steadied and matured. And the modification airplanes coming out on time. So I think we're in good shape.
W. James McNerney: So I'll answer quickly. I would say there is relatively little change in our outlook for the stability of the backlog, for want of a better word, I think that's what you're asking. I mean, the deferrals and cancellations are at or below historical averages. That's a number we track. And what that generally means is that airlines for reasons that more accrue to their own operating challenges are coming to us and asking to move things around. And other airlines that are doing better can take things earlier. So we're having a normal amount of that discussion. We are very vigilant to the point you are implying though. I mean, the world is a fragile one economically. But you've got to keep in mind that these airplanes, half of them, if not slightly more than half in some of the major models, are replacement airplanes that -- where people view this as a quick payback investment. To get airplanes that are somewhere between 15% and 25% more efficient is a very quick payback -- replacement -- a payback investment that is independent of overall GDP growth, which is what we tend to focus on. So a lot of the demand is driven by that. And when viewed in that frame, it makes a little more sense. Now we are very vigilant here. And we track financeability of the airplanes out a year or 2, even though they tend to get financed a little closer in than that, so that we can see things, we can see storm clouds as they gather. And we're always talking to our customers. But right now, the data we see says, for the reasons I've mentioned, says we're in a stable situation. Greg, do you want to answer…
W. James McNerney: Well, I think as you pointed out, we're out a little further than we want to be ideally. Of course, that reflects a lot of strength. And I think we have some nearer-in opportunities on the 747 and the 777, but we're pretty -- the story is more the robustness of the backlog than open positions, unless you had a specific model you were interested in, Howard.
W. James McNerney: I would characterize your characterization as being right. I mean, I think that's true. I mean, we stand to have a pretty robust orders year this year, as you know. And there are still some opportunities out in the mid-teens in some of our widebody products. But by and large, the pressure would likely be downward beyond this year slightly. But we still haven't sorted that out yet. We've got to figure out what our guidance is or isn’t. But we still have some slots, and we have a big backlog to work through.
W. James McNerney: Yes, okay, Heidi, I don't think it speaks to an assumption of a macro bounce-back this year or next year or the year after. I think we're in a cyclical downturn. I think it really reflects international order strength. That's what the raise this year reflects. I think the domestic orders -- or revenues, I should say, domestic revenues are about what we assumed at the beginning of the year.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think the small tactical deals are kind of the flow deals that we're implementing in areas that you're well aware of. And we're continuing that. I think it's -- the big major deal is one that is -- would not be done without a great deal of thought. And that's really not on our radar screen, despite the impending storm clouds. We think we’ve got a pretty strong business here.
W. James McNerney: As to your question on services, I think we still see a robust commercial services business. There is some pressure from parts of the world where the economies have slowed. There's always some pressure on so-called deferred maintenance, but we haven't seen big pressure yet. On the Defense side, a little more pressure. I think as you may be aware, when downturns like the one that's facing us now happen, the Defense customer often looks to protect employment and brings some more of the work back in-house, which puts pressures on us to do a better sales job and get more technology into our solutions. And we're going through some fit and finish there now.
W. James McNerney: Well, the -- I would characterize the pricing around the narrowbodies as similar to other transitions that I've seen, for example, the NG transition from the classics. And so I would not call it abnormal. As Greg mentioned, there is always some launch pricing that is -- tends to be a little more aggressive for a while. And as the older models wind down, there's some fill-the-gap pressure. But our view is, we're not going to change that. And so our issue is driving productivity to offset it. So we're 100% focused on getting the productivity in our factories and in our development efforts to the point that, as we did before, where we offset this. That's the thing we can control. As to the 777, the -- monopoly was your word, not mine. I have my legal counsel sitting next to me. But it is fair to say that as the A350-1000 stays out to the right, that some of our earlier assumptions about early competition from that airplane haven't come true. So it's fair to say that pricing is a little better than we had assumed a year or 2 ago.
W. James McNerney: Well, I mean, I think the -- if doing it produces better performing, lower cost, more reliable airplanes, then I think it's a good move. I think by and large commercial customers care less about where things are produced and more about the attributes of the airplane. So if that move furthers those goals, then it will be a good move. On the other hand, if it complicates their supply chain -- I think this will by their fourth final assembly around the world. I'm impressed with controlling a supply chain for one final assembly factory, then that could present some challenges. My guess is they also have some challenges around employment with some of their European worker constituencies. But look, it's tough enough to run one company rather than two, so I'm -- it's up to them to manage it.
W. James McNerney: Well, we have a pretty good pipeline. So I am not worried strategically at all. I think there's a couple of campaigns that we need to convert over the course of the next 6 months. And I think we're well-positioned to do that. And it's about where I thought it would be.
W. James McNerney: Yes. And as I mentioned before, we've implemented fixes on 4 of the 5 ANA. I'm not sure, is the fourth one in the air? We're not -- yes -- but we're doing the same thing in the production gearboxes, and we don't anticipate any impact on schedule at all.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think you're right. I mean, this year's orders are driven by the success of converting the MAXs, and we're already above 1, I believe, at this stage of the year. And next year, just because the book to bill may come down a little bit mathematically, and my guess is that it will be around 1 somewhere next year, doesn't mean that next year isn't a strong year. It simply means we're not converting introductory orders next year.
W. James McNerney: Well, I agree that orders will probably be less next year than this year. I think it will be driven more by a massive introduction being converted this year. Recall that we still see a 5% growth rate, about half replacement, about half fleet. Fleet size increases link the GDP out into the future, which would imply, if we're right, that it will be a return to a steady state rather than a deep trough. I guess that's the way I'd answer your question.
W. James McNerney: Yes, we are getting greater fidelity on the evaluation now. And it's hard for me to predict exactly when we would move forward. But it's end of this year, beginning of next year could be timing. It's not timing we have baked into any plans yet, but the fidelity around what we want to do technically and how it could benefit our customers, we're getting near the end of that evaluation. So we'll make the judgment the last half of this year on exactly when we'd begin some conditional offerability. But it looks like a pretty good airplane that will have a lot of market demand and will be the absolute perfect next step on the 87. That's the way it looks today.
W. James McNerney: Yes, I mean, I suppose if we had unlimited amounts of MAXs that we could turn on tomorrow, which we don't, they would order all MAXs today. But the facts are, the NGs themselves represent dramatic improvements over the planes they're replacing. The MAX availability starts in '17 and ramps in the -- toward the end of the decade and into the next decade. So there aren't as many available. So we're in this very pleasant situation where they can buy the existing airplane, get dramatic operating improvements versus what they got now, ramp toward an even better airplane starting in 2017. So what that looks like in their operating plans is sort of steady improvement for the next decade, while ordering both. And that also helps us obviously as we transition production. So I think the whole thing is underpinned by a great airplane, the NG.
W. James McNerney: Yes, well, the tipping point will be when we get to full production, which I don't have the exact number of months it'll take to get to full production here in front of me. I don't think we’ve provided that as guidance. But normally, these things take over a year or so to get up to full production. And so the market will not have full availability of the MAXs until toward the end of the decade.
W. James McNerney: No, no, it will start in 2017 and then ramp from there. So the market -- and that's part of the reason people are buying NGs now.
Gregory D. Smith: So Rob, the MAX is in the guidance that you see, and we're expecting to introduce that into the block probably sometime in the third quarter. But when you look at the balance of the year, there's certainly -- we're provisioning for some risks there. And with regards to rate ramp-up that we have planned for the balance of the year, I think we've got good plans in place. And I think we'll execute that to plan, but we're making sure that we're getting everything in order and having the appropriate diligence put into that. We're making some investment in productivity and tools in the balance -- the back half of the year. And obviously, state taxes increased slightly as we think through the -- look at the delivery profiles through the balance. And as I said, the pricing provisioning for the MAX is already in the guidance that we provided. But that's essentially it.
Gregory D. Smith: Well Joe, as I said, it's in our guidance. We're certainly -- just like I talked about before, any time we introduce a new airplane, there's certainly some introductory pricing with new customers. We've got learning curve obviously on the new airplane, and we're working that. We're working productivity across the board to try to offset any of that. And I think we've covered that appropriately in the balance half of the guidance we provided. So I think we got it well understood, and we're going after it. So I'm not, I don't think, as concerned about it as some of the folks that I've seen publish on this topic are.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, I think it's just -- as I said, it’s any time you're ramping down a program and then ramping up a new one, certainly, there's pricing considerations taken in that. Customer by customer, it's different. But again, I think we know where it is. We're working through our production system. We're working through our supply chain. And again, I think we've got good plans in place to address it.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, Sam, we had 2 changes in the quarter. 777 increased by 50, and the 747 increased by 25 units in those blocks.
Gregory D. Smith: So it's about 3/4 that is related to the 787. But just kind of on that point a little bit, Carter, just to kind of give you a sense because I know folks are focused on this, and I completely understand why. But just to kind of give you a sense from an operational point of view because -- and then get into kind of the deferred production and what we're seeing. But to Jim's point earlier, we're seeing a lot more improvement in the condition of assembly. So these major subs are coming in at or near 100%, much better condition over time. And when you look at kind of jobs behind schedule, significant improvements there across the board, whether that's in Charleston or in Everett. When you look at open jobs that are traveling out to the flight line, I think we talked to you about line 66 going clean. Just as an example, I just walked line 70, and we're looking at about 160 open jobs, so much, much improvement. We're cycling landing gear where we should be cycling landing gear. We're putting engines on where engines should be put on. We're putting interiors in. So when these airplanes are rolling out now, they're rolling out right to the flight line, which again is a real significant improvement, even over the last couple of months. And then of course, you know the progress at Boeing South Carolina. Also in EMC, we're seeing improved performance there on the jobs behind schedule. And then just overall, shortages, they're down about 50% from a year ago. So I think it gives you a sense of the focus and the discipline that's being put in place to drive efficiencies in this program and get the airplanes delivered. Now translating that into unit cost progress, which is really what you were asking there, we're seeing improvements, and you can see that, in how the deferred production balance has grown quarter-over-quarter. So on a per-unit basis, we're seeing improvements. When we look across units from again kind of the line 7 or 8 to line 66, I told you before, 40% to 50% improvement. It's now closer to 50%. So making good progress on both fronts. So I think it gives you confidence in the production system. Certainly, a lot of work left to do, but also gives you a sense of the focus on productivity and profitability on the programs. So that's kind of how we look at it on an ongoing basis.
Gregory D. Smith: Oh, gearbox. So gearbox, you saw was a very small number of airplanes. We’ve swapped 4 of the 5 out, and the fifth airplane we expect to be complete early next week. So we're well -- got it well in hand.
Gregory D. Smith: So directionally, Cai, on the unit cost, deferred, that's right. I mean, that's the improvement we're kind of seeing quarter-over-quarter. And it's back to all the things I had talked about, the focus on improving the production line, getting things back in line where they need to be, to get the Boeing Production System up and running. So we’re making good progress there. On the deliveries, as we've said, and as we've planned, the bulk of those are planned for the balance of the year. About 50% will come out of EMC and 50% will come off the line. Again, kind of pretty much as we had planned. So I think the team's very focused on it, and I think we got a good plan in place to meet our guidance there.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. So as I've talked about prior, to your point, as we're executing through the year and gaining more confidence as we ramp-up our production rates and generate cash, we're starting to get more -- having more robust dialogue around specifics of cash deployment. So kind of more of a balanced approach similar to what you've seen in the past. Certainly, investing in the business, and we've obviously talked about the MAX and some of the other potential investments going forward, proactively managing the pension fund, as you've seen, we started to do this year. Returning cash to shareholders, whether it's dividend or share repurchase, we'll have further dialogue again later this year. But expect to kind of restart share repurchase, in particular, in the 2013 timeframe and then, of course, pay down our debt. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. We'll solidify our plans later this year and give you a sense of what we're doing specifically in those areas.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, I think that's the big thing. It depends on what happens with the discount rate obviously. But for every 25 basis points, it's an additional $70 million in expense. So that's kind of the sensitivity that we look at.
Gregory D. Smith: So our guidance for 787s is 35 to 42 airplanes. And we -- obviously, we've delivered 11 year-to-date. So as I said, the balance is -- as we planned it, was in the back half. About 50% of those will come out of the change incorp facility, and another 50% will come right out of the final line. So as I talked about, as the airplanes are rolling off the final line in -- right to the flight line, that will happen kind of around August timeframe, and that's when you'll see that start to ramp up.
Gregory D. Smith: So, yes, on the 737, as we work through and finalize our cost projections and mature those, we'll embed those into the -- into our normal process of increasing our block, which again I think will be in the third quarter, and we'll have that all put together. But as I said, the margin that you see in the guidance today, that incorporates that initial block. So we've already, I'll say, kind of provisioned for that going forward. But again, we're working across the board on the cost structure of that as we introduce that airplane. So again, I think we have good plans in place. Certainly, lots of work going forward. But we're feeling pretty good about where we are.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, that's about right, Myles. And on the trans bill, certainly, from a mandatory funding point of view, it certainly pushes it out to the right and gives us some relief there. But as we have always kind of focused on a disciplined approach to funding our pension plan, we're going to continue that. But it certainly does give you some flexibility in the years to come. But I don't see our plan on how we will fund that changing going forward.
Gregory D. Smith: We haven't finalized that yet. So we'll finalize that in the third quarter, and we'll let you know what that is. With regards to the deferred production, yes, I mean, we're continuing, as I said, to kind of come down that learning curve. When you look at the in-factory, obviously, flow of that, that's where we're seeing the improvements. On the delivery side, as I've talked about before, when you look at the progress there, it's not going to be linear because we're delivering out of sequence. So you've got some older airplanes in there mixed with some newer airplanes. So that's going to be a little choppy over time, but overall trajectory heading in the right direction.
Gregory D. Smith: Okay. Well, I'll address deliveries and then Jim will address the market. But we've got about 20 airplanes left in the third and fourth quarter to deliver. About 30% of those will come out of change incorp, and the balance come directly off the line. So as you've seen, we've had good deliveries in the first half and expect that to continue through the balance of the year.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, I think on the 747, as I said, most of it's coming off the line. So it's more of a, I'll say, traditional production system running. So I don't see a significant risk there. On the 787, as I said earlier, 50% coming out of EMC and 50% coming off the line. Certainly, the ones coming out of EMC, we've got a close watch on, good plans in place, making good progress. But if you were to ask me where the risk is, it's certainly more in that area. But I think we've got it well handled.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, that's it. Yes. Initially, that was the full year view. And now with the balance of the year, it's about 50-50.
