Dennis A. Muilenburg: Thank you, Greg. With a strong first quarter on which to build continued momentum for the year, our team remains focused on further driving both growth and productivity. We would not have been able to achieve these strong results without the hard work and dedication of our employees and the great partnership with our customers and suppliers. In addition to the strong commercial airplane market dynamics I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we've taken our own actions to reduce cyclicality in our business. This includes remaining disciplined in our production rate decisions, de-risking our pension liabilities, strategically phasing our research and development spending, creating labor stability with long-term contracts and expanding our services business, which is also less cyclical. We have executed on our long-term strategy of robust and continuing organic growth investment and returning value to shareholders, complemented by strategic acquisitions that enhance and accelerate our growth plans. As the world's largest commercial airplane maker, our nation's second largest defense contractor, a global leader in space flight and a growing force in lifecycle services, we are as optimistic about our future and the future of our industry as we have ever been. Being a global company, we are continually working in a range of geopolitical and business environments. We maintain strong relationships with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders around the world, and we will continue to engage in our own efforts to proactively work with different governments. Our priorities going forward are to leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength on strength to deliver and improve on our commitments and to stretch beyond those plans and sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts. Achieving these objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on the profitable ramp-up in Commercial Airplane production, continuing to strengthen our defense and space business, growing our integrated services business and leveraging the power of our three business unit strategy, delivering on our development programs, driving world-class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth, disciplined leading-edge investments and balanced value-creating cash deployment and continuing to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry, all of which position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom-line growth, and increasing value for our customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: I think, Doug, the key wait points will be once the first static airplane is fully assembled and we get into tests of that airplane, getting into the flight test program on schedule as we get into next year will be important. So that'll be a key milestone for us and that's the point at which we hand off the airplane if you will from the ground laboratories, the simulation facilities where we've wrung out the risk and we get into the flight test program and then just executing on the flight test program. So those wait points will be visible as we head into next year and then of course getting to first delivery in 2020.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Hey Rob, on your first question, we're very pleased with the progress we're making on the 787 production line overall and commonality between variants in the production system is a key part of that productivity plan. As you well know, we have very high commonality between the Dash 9 and 10 which is borne out in the early production costs on the 787-10 and so we're pleased with that progress. And then as you noted on the 787-8, there have been some opportunities to drive additional commonality in particular in the aft body between the Dash 8 and Dash 9. And that has shown up as flow time reductions in the factory, additional efficiency and cost reductions. And you're right, that has given us some additional life and strength in the 787-8 variant. That said, going forward, we still see more of the future mix being Dash 9s and 10s but fundamental strength in the Dash 8 as well. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities for production system commonality between the variants. To your second question on NMA, we continue to make progress on our studies there. Again, we have not made a launch decision at this point, but we're having very good discussions with our customers, continuing to hone details of not only the airplane but perhaps even more importantly the associated production system, taking a hard look at the business case. Timing of that decision is still to be determined as we work our way through the details. We have time to do our homework and do it well, but I will say we're making progress and clearly advancing our analysis. We still see that airplane, if we decide to launch, is a 2025 timeframe airplane in terms of entry into service, so we have time to do our homework. And the R&D profile for that airplane if we proceed would feather in very nicely on the backside of 777X. So from an overall cash deployment, cash management standpoint, we feel confident as well. So.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: We feel confident as well. So we'll do our homework and continue to stay very close to our customers and make sure we're meeting their future needs.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: We're not going to pin that down too tightly, Rob, because really this is about having the business case discipline and making sure we have crystal clarity on the future production system, which is part of our broader enterprise transformation. But this is something that we'll be getting to over the next year, if you want to put a rough bounding on it. Again, the idea is an airplane that would enter into service in the 2025 timeframe. So if you back off from that timeframe with our standard milestones, you'd be looking at a decision in that timeframe. But to me, this is not one where we're going to be making a decision just based on a schedule that we have to meet. This is about having a disciplined business case, a future production system and making sure that we're meeting our customers' future needs. This is really about providing value to our customers.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. Yeah, Sam, as you might guess, this is something we're keeping a very close eye on. This is daily actions and daily vigilance on this topic. We're engaged with governments around the world. Obviously one of the hot topics right now is the U.S.-China trade relationship. We know aerospace is very important to both countries, and while some initial statements have been made about potential tariffs, none of those severe actions have been implemented. And we're frankly encouraged by the continuing dialogue. And we've heard from leadership in both countries that both are seeking to find negotiated positions that will be productive for both countries. The fact that the administration just announced a senior-level trip to China next week to have negotiations and continue the engaging dialogue I think is another positive indicator. So we're staying very engaged on that front. We know trade policy is very important. But this is not a surprise to us. We operate in a global environment. We have to deal with these kind of issues continuously, and we're going to stay very close to our customers and the governments as we proceed. But we're hopeful for a positive outcome from the discussions between the U.S. and China. More broadly on some of the other matters you mentioned, material costs, titanium supply chain, aluminum and so on, again we're not seeing anything there that's material effect right now. We're very engaged with our suppliers, as you might guess. Over many years we've been continuing to build alternative sources, and daily we're testing our supply chain for any pressure points. And that is a continuous process and one where we remain ever vigilant. And I think just the fact that you can see our production system continues to run well, we're continuing to meet our customer deliveries, it tells you that we're effectively managing that risk. And we're just going to stay very close to it, and our team is on a daily basis, hourly basis, engaged with our supply chain.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Ron, as you know, the freight cargo market had been down for a couple of years. We saw some re-strengthening last year, and we see further strengthening year-to-date. So I think as I mentioned in my comments, we see freight traffic growth at 7.7% so far this year through February. That's another encouraging sign. We do see long-term strength in that market. We're seeing it grow across all regions around the world. We're seeing general increases in trade levels and transport levels. E-commerce, the growth of e-commerce, is also fueling some of that. So we see this as a longer-term growth trend. That's part of what's factored into our decision to increase the 767 production rate from 2.5 to three per month in 2020. But as you noticed, we're also seeing increased orders for 777-Fs, 777 freighters, including the letter of intent from Qatar just this past quarter, as well as two additional birds for ANA. So we're seeing strength in those larger freighters. And the UPS order on 747s I think is another good indicator. So again, we're going to be, maintain a very balanced approach on our production delivery schedules and our production rates. But the fundamental strength in the freighter market is encouraging. And I would say our product lineup to support that demand is a really good lineup. So we're pleased with the fact we've got a portfolio with different airplane scales that can satisfy that growing need.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: I don't know that I see that as a indicator that would ripple into passengers. Those two marketplaces have some common catalysts. I'd say world GDP growth, trade growth, is something that can support passenger growth. But in many cases we've seen passenger growth be somewhat independent of GDP growth based more on just the fact that we see a rising population of travelers that are entering the market for the first time. So while an increased freighter market I'll say can be helpful to the passenger market, we see the passenger market growth being independently strong based on other factors. And that's why we continued to see sustained passenger growth of almost 6% so far this year and that is a long-term trend and we're seeing more and more new city pairs being connected. We're seeing global network traffic grow. We're seeing 100 million new passengers per year in Asia alone. And by our estimates, less than 20% of the world's population has even taken a single flight in their life. So you can see that passenger growth has a lot of headroom beyond what might be driven by cargo growth.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Cai, just to reinforce Greg's last point there, that fundamental productivity machine, that's a relentless effort that we have the whole enterprise just focused on. And the longer-term goal we set to drive our business to mid teen margins and what you see in this quarter is another step of progress towards that longer-term goal and we expect to make sustained progress on margin expansion across all of our businesses.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Hey, Doug. Good morning. Hey, to your question, yeah, we've been engaged in China for a long time, as you point out. The new delivery and finishing center that we're building in Zhoushan is underway, so site preparation has been initiated. Construction is under way. We're still driving towards a goal of beginning to have operational capability towards the end of this year. We're working very closely with our Chinese partners to drive that to closure. So we're in stride. We're on track to open that capability, and it will be something in the near term.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Tim, we're continuing to manage our overall 777 production skyline very effectively and understand the risks and implications around the Iranian aircraft deal. First and foremost, it's important again to restate that we continue to follow the U.S. government's lead here, and everything is being done per that process. We have no Iranian deliveries that are scheduled or part of the skyline this year, so those have been deferred again in line with the U.S. government process. And I can tell you with confidence that we've continued to build risk mitigation into our 777 production plan. The plan that we outlined for you, the production rate that we've put in place is not dependent on the Iranian orders. If those orders do come to fruition, if we do ultimately deliver airplanes, those represent opportunities for us. Again, we're going to follow the U.S. government's lead and we've ensured that from a skyline management standpoint and from a production systems standpoint, we are not dependent on those aircraft. And the good news is that the fundamental strength of the 777 product line and the increased sales volume that we're seeing in the marketplace both for 777-300ERs and for the 777 freighters has only bolstered our confidence in that line. And while we still have some work to do to fill out the remainder of the 777 bridge, we're steadily marching through that, and we think we're well positioned. So as I said earlier, the production system delivery plan, the skyline, the delivery rate that we've already announced we think represents a solid position for that program and we're on track to bridge to the 777X.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Jacqueline. Good morning and thank you for the question there. We continue to see the space segment and human space flight in particular as one of our key investment areas going forward. We're encouraged by the administration's support and strong leadership on that topic. That includes funding for NASA programs, among those the Commercial Crew Program where we're marching through the milestones on our CST-100 Starliner, as well as support for the space launch system program and deep space exploration. We do think strong and continued funding of those NASA programs is really important to our country, and that sustained funding and support that we're seeing from the administration is very encouraging. I also think the reinstitution of the National Space Council under Vice President Pence's leadership and guidance, along with President Trump, has been a very important step. We're encouraged by that as well. And we're continuing to invest in that area. We do see it as an important business segment for our future. And Boeing has had a leadership role in human space exploration since it was invented, and we continue to expect to lead in that field.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Yeah, Marcus, thanks for your question there. I'd say first of all, from a macro standpoint, again we're encouraged by the strength of the U.S. defense budget. And I think after several years of having to endure the damage of sequestration and a challenging defense budget, we're now seeing reemerging strength of that budget supported by both parties, and we're encouraged by the future year plans that we've seen. And that is something that has bolstered our expectations for our defense business going forward. Now in particular to St. Louis, the support for individual programs there has been strong both domestically and internationally. Our weapons business, which is based there, has been strong and we're continuing to see growth there in a number of programs and our fighter business. And that includes F-15 international sales as well as upgrades to the F-15 fleet domestically. And perhaps most encouragingly is the progress we're seeing on the F-18 Super Hornet line. And I think it's a testament to the quality of the product. You can hear our customers are very supportive. The U.S. Navy and what that airplane is doing for them every day in the fleet is important. And we have a great program that's producing capability that our customers need. And we're looking forward to continuing to grow that program going forward. As you noted, a couple years ago, we had some questions about that production line. We can now see both the F-18 and the F-15 production lines extending far into next decade. And one good example of that is in the five-year future defense plan, we see a Navy request now for 110 new Super Hornets as well as the Service Life Extension Program for the existing Super Hornet fleet. So we're bullish about the fighter lines for the future.
Gregory D. Smith: No. I think you captured it well. Having the mid-body in the factory right now and watching the components coming into the factory and the team knocking down any risk that they have in place real-time. And I think some of the upfront work we did on de-risking is you're seeing that paying off but we're watching it closely.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I mean, I'll start with Tanker, David. As you know, we're going to start delivering here this year. So it is important from a cash perspective when you look at the year-over-year from 2017 into 2018. And then beyond that, it's modest growth really from there. So this is kind of the transitional year on the program but also obviously from a cash perspective. I think when you look at the 777X, a lot of what you talked about is what's been taken into account in our forecast. So obviously, building the static aircraft and having those in inventory as well as the blanks that we're firing, the risk mitigation efforts that we're putting into the line is also taken into account combined with the production rate. I'll say kind of slow on ramp-up from there. So all of that is kind of taken into consideration as we talk about continued growing cash flow. Now other moving pieces around there are obviously significant. 787 going up in rate, 737 going up in rate as well, Dennis just talked about the 767 up slightly. So you got to kind of take all those into consideration, combined with some of the headwind we'll have on 777X. But we've bounded that in our forecast, and like I said, taken that into consideration around our commentary around growing cash flow.
Gregory D. Smith: I think it's a little bit less than that, David. I mean again, you got the static aircraft and then you got the flight test aircraft that will be out operating and getting test points. So obviously those won't be delivered in the near term. So you've got that kind of built-up inventory along with the production rate ramp-up and the advances coming in on the 777X. So taking all that into consideration within that kind of that 2020, 2021 timeframe.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, I mean you've got the obviously the improvement in mix that we've talked a lot about and you've seen how smooth the Dash 9 has entered into the production system as we planned and you've seen the ramp-up in deliveries there year-over-year. As well as the Dash 10, you've seen us hit significant milestones there, making our first deliveries, so again that mix will start to pick up some pace here throughout the year and into next year. You got the supplier step-down as we've talked about and then the including the additional productivity in the factory. But those are really the big elements, certainly mix being the biggest one. And the team's done a fantastic job of getting these airplanes not only certified but getting them into the production system on time and doing that smoothly. And that obviously is impacting the cash flow and improving the cash flow overall and of course improving the deferred production.
Gregory D. Smith: No, I mean we expect continued increase in productivity and overall cash profile will improve on the 87 through the balance of the year. I mean like I said to you, the difference I think you saw here was primarily due to some mix and some step-down pricing. But I think because of the elements of you got three different variants in the production system and so on and that's why I keep kind of bringing you back to cash flow. Look at the overall cash flow of the program and that ties directly to the productivity, ties directly to the mix and the step-down in the supply chain that we've talked about a lot as we move through these blocks and you're seeing that improving. So I think the team is executing extremely well, not only in our factories but reaching back into the supply chain and improving the productivity there that's helping on the nonrecurring side, like things like the Dash 10 but also helping overall on the recurring side. You're going to continue to see improvement on the 787 going forward.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, Cai, it's expected to ramp and that again is tied primarily to the profile that Dennis articulated earlier on the 777X. So that's what we plan, and look, if we see more opportunities with regards to R&D spending, we'll certainly capture them and we're as focused on that level of spending as we are of any level of spending in the company. So we do have challenging targets out there for the team but they're achievable. But there's some timing elements that come in from quarter-to-quarter. So we do expect the back half to be a little richer in R&D. As far as block extensions, we extended the 737 by 200 units and then the 767. And then as far as booking rate changes, we saw an increase really kind of very slightly but across the board on all programs. So good core performance, and again, I think the productivity focus we've had for the last number of years and continuing on that path and sharing of best practices across the entire company and leveraging that, at the same time getting out into the supply chain and taking these best practices out and allowing them to be more efficient and sharing the benefit of that on our overall program performances continues to be the objective. But there's a lot of focus and energy around it. Team's doing a great job but plenty more for us to do here.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, well maybe I'll start there. I mean as you know, this is a breadth of a portfolio and a lot of contracts, so you're going to see variability quarter-over-quarter, but like as Dennis just articulated, we've set objectives for ourselves to drive not only a top line but bottom line and margin overall productivity. So the team's getting their arms around. We've talked some of the backroom opportunities as we brought these two businesses together and really leveraging again some of the, I'll say kind of core operational aspects of the business at the same time grow the top line. So you're going to see some variability in there, but net-net the objective is to continue to grow those margins and we think there's good opportunity to do that, at the same time deliver better value to our customers. So just kind of like I said watch quarter-over-quarter. You're going to see some variance and really that's just contract mix in there. But overall, expect margin expansion for that business. On the program versus unit, obviously the biggest difference here from what we've talked prior quarters is we have no more 787 early builds. So it's a lot cleaner I'll say comparison when you look at unit versus program, and again you're seeing the fundamentals on the unit basis of improvement productivity taking place unit after unit and looking for further opportunity. And you saw that in the quarter. So a lot of the productivity initiatives that we've had in place, teams continuing to focus on them and chip away at them and obviously, they're impacting unit and therefore they're impacting the cash profile.
