Dennis Muilenburg: All right. Thank you, Greg. When I started at this company more than three decades ago, our amazing people inspired me. I see how they dedicate their lives in extraordinary talents to connect, protect, explore and inspire the world safely. And that purpose and mission has only grown stronger over the years. Our team is determined to keep improving on safety in partnership with the global aerospace industry and broader community. It is the shared sense of responsibility for the safety of flight that spans and binds all of us together. Our leadership role is clear. Our commitment is resolute, and our pursuit of excellence is never ending. We own it. In these challenging times, I'm even more confident in our team and our customers. We'll stay true to our values, and we will come through this even stronger.  While we continue to be focused on the very important priority of engaging with our global regulators and customers on the safe return to service of the 737 MAX, I'd also like to thank the Boeing team for remaining focused on further driving both growth and productivity. We wouldn't have been able to achieve these first quarter results without the hard work and dedication of our employees and the great partnerships we have with our customers and suppliers. The long-term fundamentals for our business remains strong, and our key priorities are unchanged. We will continue to execute on our long-term strategy of robust organic growth investment and returning value to shareholders, complemented by strategic acquisitions that enhance and accelerate our growth plans. We will leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength on strength to deliver and improve on our commitments to our customers and partners around the world.  With that, we will take your questions.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes. Myles, good question. First of all, again, I want to stress and reiterate the point that we are very, very focused on the safe return to service of the MAX, and that remains our top priority. Clear focus, clear resources being applied, and daily engagement, hourly engagement by me, Greg, and the leadership team. And we're going to continue to focus there and get that airplane back up and flying for our customers.  As part of that process, we are taking a look at our certification processes. We remain confident in the fundamental processes. But as part of our continuous improvement mindset, we always take a look at opportunities to improve. So we're welcoming the government joint authorities' technical review that's been announced, and we'll be supporting that as appropriate. As you've heard earlier, I've also asked Boeing Board to stand up a committee to take a look at our certification processes and identify any potential improvements. And if we find any opportunities to improve, we will certainly adopt those on a go-forward basis.  As far as the ripple impact or potential impact of the 777X, we haven't seen any direct impact. Again, our team has been very strong about continuing to drive 777X development and performance in parallel with our return-to-flight -- or return-to-service efforts on the MAX. We've deployed our teams accordingly and make sure that we've resourced high-priority efforts on 777X. As noted earlier, we have rolled two flight test birds out of the factory, number three and number four are in the final assembly, and we look forward to getting into flight testing here this year and delivering that airplane on schedule in 2020. We do not see any changes to the underlying certification process. But again, as I said, if we find areas to improve, we will certainly adopt those.  As to your NMA question, we're continuing our work on that in parallel. Certainly, the higher priority -- highest priority for us is the 737 MAX’s safe return to service. So, we have prioritized our resources accordingly while we continue to work on our NMA effort in parallel. We're still looking at that as a potential opportunity for a 2025 entry into service date. We still have work to do before we get to an authority to offer a decision. We're still working on a pace to try to do that this year, as we previously announced, but I want to be very clear that when it comes to resource questions and application of resources, our top priority is the safe return to service of the 737 MAX.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes, Doug, our plan integrates across all of those dimensions as it should, because they're all interrelated. I will say on that first path, returning the airplane to service and doing so safely, just to give you a sense of the key steps to go there. As we know from the accident, investigations today have been publicly announced through the preliminary reports. Both accidents were a chain of events. We know there was one common link in that chain of events, and that was the activation of the MCAS system with erroneous angle of attack data. That's been well published. And as we said, we understand how to address that link. That's our responsibility. We own that, and that's what that software update does. We have great confidence in that software update with the more than 200 flights that occurred -- or excuse me, 135 flights that have occurred. I personally had the chance to fly on two of those flights, test and demonstration flights, and have seen the confidence in that software solution. We have tested it out and completed our engineering flight test last week.  The next step in that process will be the certification flight under the FAA's authority, and we are working with the FAA right now to prepare for that in the near term. Subsequent steps will include again bringing all of the global regulators together with the FAA's leadership to approve the return to service. So that path is a well-understood set of steps, things that are being actively worked on a daily and hourly basis, and we're going to continue to pursue that and make sure we take the time to do it right. That's the most important thing here, is to make sure we have a safe return to flight.  Once we accomplish that, then we'll have the opportunity to look at our production profiles, our delivery sequencing for our customers. As you might guess, we are in daily multiple-times-a-day conversations with our customers as well, and we regret the impact this has had to their operations. We know our customers are eager to get the MAX back into service. And we are eager, when we're ready, to get production ramp back up and provide those airplanes. So we'll be working that in a coordinated, integrated fashion. We have teams that are ready, positioned by tail number with the 737 MAXs that are already out in the fleet to get those airplanes ready and back up and flying for our customers, and we also have an integrated introduction plan including our supply chain that will allow us to pivot and move forward. So these are actions that we are taking daily, again hourly, all in a coordinated fashion. And across those three areas that you mentioned, Doug, I'm very confident that we have an integrated plan. All of this will be paced by the safe return to service of the MAX. That is our first focus.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes, Ron, there is no technical slip or gap here, right? Again as I mentioned, we know that both accidents were a series of events, and that is very common to all accidents that we've seen in history. And in -- what we know is that in this case, there was erroneous angle of attack information that came into the airplane from multiple causes. We know that at some point during the flight, that activated the MCAS control loss. And we know that ultimately, there were actions or actions not taken that contributed to the final outcome.  I can't really get into the details of that deep accident investigation because this is all governed by the ICAO Annex 13 process, which I know you know well, and that is a disciplined, rigorous process that examines these accidents from every dimension to ensure that we understand them, and it's ultimately that disciplined process that has made this industry so safe. So we have been very purposeful about supporting that process, very purposeful about supporting the investigation, staying focused on safety and not speculation.  But I can tell you with confidence that we understand our airplane. We understand how the design was accomplished, how the certification was accomplished and remain fully confident in the product that we put in the field. But we also know there are areas where we can improve, and that is the source of the software update here. But there was no surprise or gap or unknown here or something that somehow slipped through a certification process. Quite the opposite. We know exactly how the airplane was designed. We know exactly how it was certified. We have taken the time to understand that. That has led to the software update that we've been implementing and testing, and we're very confident that when the fleet comes back up, the MAX will be one of the safest airplanes ever to fly.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes, Peter, we are working with the FAA and regulatory authorities around the world. And as you might guess, there are different paces and different processes in each country, but these are all running in parallel. We're working with those authorities to try to align schedules, both from a regulatory government standpoint as well as the customers that are operating in these countries around the world. As we said, we have more than 50 MAX operators today around the world, and they're all very interested in getting the airplane back up and flying. So we are coordinating across that entire network of global regulators and customers. And we're seeing the schedules, I'll say, beginning to align. There is still clearly a lot of work to go as we get through the certification. Another pacing item for us will be training and training deployment worldwide, and then alignment of all the regulatory agencies on approval to get the airplane back up and service and back to flying. So we have a support role across all of that.  I want to complement the FAA, in particular, for their leadership and the work that they're doing across the global enterprise. As you might have seen, the FAA leader, Dan Elwell, hosted an international session with the counterparts from other regulatory agencies a couple of weeks ago. We were supportive to that meeting as well. So the FAA has been working hard to coordinate across all of the international regulators, drive alignment, answer questions and ensure that we're all in the same page going forward. It is fundamentally important here that we have an integrated plan and that we understand any questions or concerns that might be out around the world that we address those. And that, again, we focus on a safe return to service of the MAX, and I'm confident that, that coordination is happening. And I think it's fair to say we still have some work to do, but we're making progress.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes, Sheila, to that point, let me take a long-term view here. We don't see any change. As you well know, we are continuously engaged with our customers. We have a ton of respect for them and how they operate. We have deep regret for the impact that this has had on their operations to date, and we're very, very sensitive to that. And we're doing everything we can to get the airplane back up and flying and do that safely. Our customers are eager to do that as well.  I can tell you, I've personally talked to many, many of our customers. Our team, Commercial Airplanes team, Kevin McAllister, Ihssane, their teams are deployed daily, hourly, talking to customers. Our support teams are working around the world, helping them with the fleet that is currently grounded to maintain that fleet in good condition so that when we're ready, we can quickly bring the fleet back up to operating status. So we're deeply engaged with our customers. We understand their operational model. We're having discussions with them on how to best get them ramped back up and to help them during this intermediate period. And I think the collaboration, the communication, it's just been very strong. And I'm thankful to our customers. They've been working with us through this period. It's been difficult. It's been challenging for all of us, but we have a mutual respect based on the health of this industry and the important work that we do around the world. And we want to make sure we can get back up and flying safely, and we know we have some work to do to earn and reearn the trust of our customers and the flying public in particular. And so we're working with our customers in the airlines on how we can best rebuild that public trust, working with them. And engaging their pilots, for example, as they're involved in the process and our airline pilot customers who can express their views to the flying public. I think that's a big source of confidence for the future. So we're working together on that standpoint.  And then as we think about production re-ramp going forward, when we're ready, the skyline management, the delivery sequencing, how we can support our customers, get them airplanes as rapidly as we can and in the right order and sequence, that's all part of our daily integrated planning as well. And longer term, we're also deploying training packages and additional educational materials. I would call those above-and-beyond educational materials that are tailored for our various customers around the world. So that'll be a longer-term effort where we work with them on training, education as well as areas where we can help with the brand repair, if you will, in rebuilding the public confidence.  So we're working together across all of those fronts, and I'd say the relationship with our customers, the collaboration here is as strong as it's ever been. And perhaps, that's what we see in difficult times like this. We see those fundamental relationships coming to the surface, and the strength of those relationships is clear.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes. And Carter, as you look for progress points there, near term will be the certification flight. Next in line will be the actual final certification of the software and the FAA's approval and then bringing the regulatory authorities together to gain approval of return to service. So there's some interim milestones here that'll be visible that we are aiming to complete in the near term, and then that will subsequently cause the next set of activities to occur, which Greg outlined, in terms of production system and supply chain ramp-up. So this is an integrated sequence of events.
Dennis Muilenburg: Let me comment first and, Greg, jump in on the second part there. Cai, what you're seeing here is the investment that we've made in the 787 product and manufacturing system and our team performing successfully. So while not a lot of fan here over the last quarter, we did seamlessly transition from 12 per month to 14 per month, and I want to compliment our team and our supply chain for doing that effectively. And you see that continuing to be reflected in the program's performance -- financial performance as well as the high-quality deliveries to our customers. And I think what you also see is the effectiveness of that product in the field with the orders volume continuing to come in from our customers. So that program is performing well in the factories, and it's performing well for our customers in the field. Greg, do you want to...
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes. Well, Julie, let me just take a half step back first and remind everyone again of the incredible importance of safety to us in our culture of driving safety and continuous improvement. That is -- that culture is what has made this industry the safest form of transportation, and that is a fundamental that we are committed to. And any time an accident like this happens, it's a very difficult situation. We have great sorrow for the families that are affected. This weighs heavily on us. This gets right to the core of who we are as a company and our focus on safety. And so what we're doing here is looking at every dimension of what we've learned and making sure that we, as part of that effort, focus on any potential process improvements that we can make. That is our duty and responsibility. So not only do we look at product and service improvements, but also, are there any process improvements that we can make?  And there's really a twofold effort here. One, the U.S. government is bringing together a joint authority review with international regulators around the world. That's been previously announced. That will take a look at certification processes. We'll support that with technical expertise, and any learnings from that, we'll incorporate. And then internally, I've also asked our Board to set up a committee that you referenced. And let me give you a little more context on that. That committee will be focused on looking at our design, development, certification processes not only for the MAX but, more broadly, for our airplane programs. It will be headed up by Edmund Giambastiani, and he does have a great deal of expertise in the aerospace sector and the defense sector, as you well know. So we're bringing sector knowledge to the table. He will be joined by Board Members who also bring expertise from other sectors who are very safety-focused and have significant government regulatory dimensions. And I think that will actually make us better because we can do cross-sector learnings, so I would argue that that's bringing in an external view that's even more helpful.  In addition, that committee has authorized to bring in outside technical support, deep support in the areas where it's required, and they will also leverage the depth of our technical resources across Boeing. So they will have a depth of capacity to do their work. And based on the outcome of their analysis and assessment, we'll determine how we roll these results into our processes. That could be a report. It could be set of actions. Rather than stating upfront what that will be, what we want to do is see what the committee learns and see the outcome of their work and then we'll decide how to implement that. But we are committed to doing a deep and rigorous evaluation and making improvements where we can. That is part of how we operate as a company. We are always looking for opportunities to improve.
Dennis Muilenburg: Yes. Phil, I think that's a great question and certainly an area where we're very focused on. And this is an area where collaboration with our airline customers is extremely important, and we're working this on a daily basis. And we certainly have deep regret for the impact that this has had on our airline customers and their operations and the impact it's had on the flying public. We've got 100-plus years of history as a company on providing safe transportation, and that is a commitment that we treasure, something that we place high value on. And the respect of the flying public, the confidence of the flying public is very, very important to us. So we regret the impact that's happened here, and we're very focused on addressing that going forward.  The game plan that we've laid out with our airline customers is tailored by customer. We're talking with each of them in terms of what they're hearing from their passengers. We think a key voice in all of this will be the pilots for our airlines, and their voice is very important. That bond between the passenger and the pilot is one that's critical, and so we're working with our airline customers and those pilot voices to ensure that we can build on that going forward. To that end, we hosted multiple sessions around the world. More than 90% of our 50-plus MAX operators to-date have had pilots in our simulator sessions with the new software, experiencing that, building confidence. I can tell you with those series of sessions that we've had around the world, the pilot feedback from the simulator sessions has been excellent, and I think it's been a big part of building confidence and how we talk about this going forward. So we're planning to leverage that pilot voice. We'll be working closely on branding and talking about training and education activities going forward. This is a place where Boeing is going to make an investment. We know it's important to earn and reearn the trust, and this will be done jointly with our airline customers, the pilots, the flight crews, the flight attendants, everybody that supports these airplanes. And we know it'll take time. We have to earn and reearn the trust of the flying public, and that's work ahead of us, and we take that very seriously.
Dennis Muilenburg: Eric, I think it's important to look at this, again, from a long-term standpoint. As we've said in the past, as we continue to say, it's important that our company has the flexibility to have the leadership structure that works best for our company. That's been our position for years and continues to be our position, and we remain consistent on that front. And we have a great, engaged Board on this topic. The working relationships are strong. Our Lead Director, Dave Calhoun, is very engaged in the work that we're doing. The Board Committee that I talked about is just another example of a very engaged Board. I have daily communications with the Board both in my Chairman role and in my CEO role. We think that is the right, most effective structure for our company. And I think that's, again, showing it to be the case even in the midst of this challenging situation. And I also want to reiterate the fact that our Board does have a very strong, independent Lead Director and that we respect and understand those rules, and the structure that we have in place today is one that I think is healthy for our company and healthy for all of our stakeholders.
Gregory Smith: Yes, yes. So the cost to develop and test the software, its period expense was not in there as well as the related training materials associated with that. They're booked in the quarter but not in program margin. As I said, the period expense. Within the $1 billion, really, what's taken into account there is the lower production rate. That's ultimately what's driving it, and now we'll take a little bit longer than what we originally had in the cost base, so you've got fixed cost that will be associated with that lower production rate.  But we also are holding on to headcount. Remember, we were at 52, going down to 42. We've held that headcount in factory, and what we've been doing with that is really working the jobs behind schedule and any jobs that are out of position in getting things back into position in the factory. At the same time, been working with the supply chain. So those that weren't on master schedule at 52, we are -- even though we came down, we have some of those suppliers staying at 52 in order to get healthy, get back on schedule. So when we do come back up and ramp, we're going to do it in a very steady fashion with stability in each step along the way to ensure that we have a predictable, I'll say, production system, a healthier production system and one that we can support our customers as we go up in rate.  The other things that are within that fixed cost escalation, obviously, again, facilities, tooling and also support -- additional support for deliveries as well as pulling the airplanes out of storage that we currently have within our facility. So those are, I'd say, the bigger buckets of costs that are within there. But like Dennis said, this is day-to-day management on all aspects. So all with -- what we've been talking about is feeding into our production scenarios. And key in all of this obviously is keep all the stakeholders informed, realizing we don't have answers to some of the questions. But we've got scenarios, and we're trying to be proactive in how we address those so -- and be strategic. So again, going into the supply chain, rather than pulling everybody down to 42, let's go through and understand liquidity within each of those suppliers, where -- who needs help, who doesn't, who is on schedule, who can we use to get this opportunity to get back on schedule.  So again, being very, I'll say, specific, but it's day-to-day management. And we talked about our operating rhythm being daily. Our head of the program reports on -- daily on production health to all of us, and we've got the full enterprise support in this. I know there's a question earlier on 777X. People that are part of this process are from the company. So we're bringing people in that are experts in anywhere area that we need to support, we're bringing them in from across the whole enterprise, and we'll continue to do that until we get the airplane safely back up in the air and get our production rates back to where they were.
Gregory Smith: Yes. No, I'd say the advances, for the most part, are coming in per schedule. And I think the thing to keep in mind there, Rajeev, is that the advances that are coming in today are really for delivery slots out in 1.5 years, 2 years from now. But it's obviously something that we're monitoring daily and working with each of our customers on. Like I said, there's daily engagement going on here on multiple fronts.  As far as what tools, again, leveraging the enterprise. So this is a One Boeing effort in what levers we have and in front of us, in what different parts of the business and recognize in short-term and long-term trade-offs here. But obviously, the company is in a very different position than it was 10 years ago. Obviously, we're a lot larger but a lot healthier in generating in the other parts of the business, outside of 737, a lot more cash. And that certainly helps us navigate this very challenging situation that we're faced with, but it's a very big difference. And remember, too, back then, we didn't have a share repurchase program. And so that is a lever for us today that we can utilize to help navigate through this, but again, not losing sight in our long-term commitment around repo.  So my point here, we've got a lot of levers. I think as we're managing this, clearly, the operating rhythm of the rest of the company remains intact. So this is -- as Dennis said, this is the priority. But the fact is meeting our commitments to all of our stakeholders and the rest of the business is also -- continue to be a big focus, and I think you've seen it in the first quarter. So we've got -- we're making decisions on a day-to-day basis, and we're running scenarios, as we talked about. We're running scenarios. So we're clear-eyed about what we know and what we don't know and the range of possibilities or outcomes and how would we manage it and how do we get ahead of it. And we're very much in a mindset of getting ahead of it and frankly playing on the side of being conservative at this point, and we will continue to do that. But again, it's a One Boeing effort and multiple points of input here but critical to making the right decisions around cash and liquidity.
Gregory Smith: Yes, you've got it. You've got it. And like I said, too, we are holding that headcount, which is obviously a big factor in that. And you heard me earlier talk about how we're utilizing those skills near term but also obviously thinking long term that when we go up in rate, those resources are resources that are skilled and trained in those positions within the line, so they'll go back into position and allow for a smoother rate increase with more stability. And so that's that, I'll say, investment that we're making today to ensure that we have that smooth rate increase going forward and doing that at each point of stability. So that is obviously is also a part of the additional costs that are in the block.
Gregory Smith: Well, look, I'd say there's waypoints daily so -- but there's some more significant ones around what Dennis talked about as return to service. That's fundamentally the biggest waypoint we have there and how that could play out, as Dennis articulated, and whether it happens at once or staggered. All of that is being considered and brought into our model and then looking at production rates, looking at the amount of aircraft that we would be parking. And we obviously want to minimize that and keep that to a minimum and obviously fully within our control. At the same time, factor the supply chain, making strategic decisions within the supply chain and not a one-size-fits-all with, again, the whole idea to keep them healthy and help support them through this period but get back on schedule for those that weren't. And we're again -- we're working hand-in-hand with each one of them, again, on a daily basis. So lots of, I'll say, small waypoints within there, but the most significant one being the return-to-service.
Gregory Smith: Yes. I mean outside of that, which frankly very much complements what Dennis said, the mix, right? I mean we're -- we've got more favorable mix. But that smooth introduction of that mix, combined with the rate increases, the supplier step-down as we move through the blocks, sky, as I talked about before, continue to play into that as well. But we didn't have any block extension in the quarter, so it's really a combination of all the efforts that Dennis and I had mentioned.
