Dave Calhoun: Yes. Thanks Brian. We're addressing you from Renton, home of 737 MAX family. We're living in the here and now, and we're working with all of our people and I couldn't be more impressed with their commitment, dedication and the comprehensive nature around which they will look at this. Boeing will get better. I am confident in that. We will address everything that needs to be learned from the accident, and we'll move forward. So, thanks. Happy to take your questions.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, Peter, I appreciate that. By the way, one stat which I was just handed, which I track all the time is the number of our -9s that have been returned into service. We're at 129, and that is progressing at a very quick rate based on the inspection protocols that are FAA and we all agreed with. I am very proud of the progress that we've made, and I feel great about it, of course, with one exception, and it's too big an exception, which is the escape. I also know that as the NTSB investigation narrows and concludes, and I do believe that will happen in relatively short order, all the learning that can be extracted from it and all the learning that can be extracted from all those inspections of all those airplanes flying day in and day out, that will inform us on what improvements we can make on our quality systems. First and foremost, we will run the door plug literally from the second a door is received at Wichita through their lines, all 12 positions, through our 11 positions here. Inspections will be added at every turn. It is on lockdown, and we've had help from our FAA. We've had help from our customers, et cetera. So, that's sort of step two. The next one is how do you take all of that learning and apply it through all the supply chain lines. And we have some medium- and long-term efforts just beginning to make sure that we do that. My confidence comes from quality systems always can get better. And when you have a moment like this, you take everything. You literally look at everything, and we're all keenly aware of everything. So, we're going to run that play as hard as we can, and we're going to take the time to do it and the FAA -- I'm sort of glad they called out a pause because that's a good excuse to just take our time, do it right and I wish I had called that out in the first day, but maybe I would have. We've been good at taking pauses. I've probably taken more pauses in the last three years, and I'll apologize to all our investors now, than have been taken in 10 years before it. But this is what we do, and it's how we get better. And I also say, Peter, as you know, one of the nagging issues that we've been facing have been shortages here and there, where we have to pause our line. Buffer inventory is not quite as robust as we'd like them to be based on supply chain weaknesses. We will run our master schedule in accordance with the plans that preceded this. And each and every part we receive and all the buffer inventories that we get will stabilize production here on out, less traveled work in our line, all things good come from that. So, I feel really good about it. And I also have confidence in our airplanes that will be certified. I like the respect that the FAA and Boeing are showing one another. Again, maybe too long a diatribe, but there are lots of reasons for why I'm feeling good. And in some ways, this moment will accelerate recovery, not delay it.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So, Peter, as we've talked many, many, many times, we have stood by our customers in China day in, day out. They have been flying MAXs now for the better part of the year. They are performing extremely well. And we'd always hoped and expected they would begin to take deliveries. And I think everybody has noticed that those deliveries have started. So, we are just going to stay diligent, stay with each and every one of them and make sure our Chinese customers get what they've ordered and paid for.
Dave Calhoun: Sheila, thanks for that question. I'm going to just give a little bit of a moment on why we made that decision on the time-limited exemption. I'll let Brian help quantify it. I visited Capitol Hill for a lot of reasons. My biggest one is to own the problem, be transparent and convey that to all of our workforce so that they know we're willing to do that. And then we can all be honest, clear with each other every step of the way in this process and so I'm glad I made the visit. I was not expecting when I met with Senator Duckworth, the conversation that we had. You know she's a pilot and a decorated pilot. She listened to everything I had to say. We didn't have a debate about the safety of the 7 and the 7 in its certification work was moving along at a pretty steady pace. She had a way different argument for me, and it was right. She said, you want to introduce this new airplane, a derivative, yes, but a new airplane. And nine months from now, you'll have an engineered solution to it, to this issue. And why is that the right call? And in my view, it was a sound, principled position to take. I went home for the weekend. I talked to our customer, and you know who that is, unbelievably constructive, and this is the right thing to do for aviation. So, that is really how it happened, and it was that simple. But the passion and the argument that Senator Duckworth presented to me, I'm so glad I heard. Anyway, that's what happened. The 7 will have to move until we get that engineered fix in place. And then I'll let Brian sort of quantify the, okay, now what.
Dave Calhoun: Maybe I'll just add and refresh everybody's memory because we've talked about it a couple of times. In our shadow factories, we put more hours into those airplanes than we do to produce it in the first place. So, anyway, that's a metric I know everybody understands.
Dave Calhoun: Doug, I'll just start by saying I think it's manageable. We will have this -- if there's a delay in any way, we're not going to know at the last second. We're going to know with a considerable timeframe in my view. And by the way, right now, the status on the 7 and the 10 was progressing reasonably well. I don't believe the FAA has taken anybody off the course, and we haven't taken anybody off the course and so they are making real progress. And I think we were almost close to the finish line had we not pulled the time-limited exemption. So, I don't -- again, I'm never going to suggest a date or anything like that for the FAA. But they're working diligently on it, and they know how to separate these two -- these -- the issue we're wrestling within our factory from the cert efforts. And I believe we're going to have plenty of time, and we'll be able to manage our product mix reasonably well. There won't be anything dramatic by way of change. If there are some change from quarter-to-quarter, first or second, you'll know it pretty early, and so will we and I think it's quite manageable.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Although I will say, if this pause goes on for a little while, I like -- I don't want to pause my customers. But the pause is going to be helpful for us in so many ways in the sense that, that supply chain, they're going to keep running according to that master schedule. It's good for us if some buffers get developed and some of the more stressed suppliers get ahead of the game. So there is important progress that will get made despite this momentary pause.
Dave Calhoun: Well, Ron, it's a -- it should never happen. So, the question about now is not so relevant. It should never and can never happen. I am incredibly proud of the work that our people do on the 37 line. I think it has steadily progressed. Quality numbers have gotten better. But when you have an escape and then when everybody concludes exactly what happened in that escape, lights another fire. So, you take another step forward with respect to all things quality. And you make certain that whatever it was that created that opportunity for failure in the sky or in flight can never happen again. And that has already happened, and then we'll learn from everything. So, yes, I think I understand your underlying context for the question, but I probably take exception to that premise.
Dave Calhoun: I think that is an accurate statement that you just made. Given the fact that we made this decision just a couple of days ago, needless to say, we will throw more engineers at it. We're going to put more work in it and can accelerate it. And the nine months that I discussed with Senator Duckworth was based on my understanding of that project before I made this decision. So, the answer is yes, we'll step up resources. We'll step up whatever testing is required. We will do everything we can to inform the FAA about that particular part of that program. So, -- and that's where we stand today. And you are correct. That is the pole in the tent. All of us should be watching.
Brian West: Yes, and on the 7, the work at hand, we will design engineering solution. We're applying the resources. Our view that, that could be within a year. But on the 7, remember, while it's a very, very important customer, the number of deliveries you're talking about is relatively small. As I mentioned, we've got 35 of -7 and -10 in inventory at the end of the quarter. There are a handful of 10s. They're mostly 7. So, we'll sort that out as the process works in that airplane for the FAA gets certified. On your question on the -10, I prefer not to get into what if. It is a great airplane. Customers love it, and there's great demand for it, and it will get certified at some point when the FAA decides.
Brian West: Yes. Thanks Myles. So, I did describe some of the key ones. Obviously, BCA volume up, BDS less of a drag, BGS steady. There's a big investment in there that I probably should have called out now that you're asking is the 777X investment. That's important, and that's big. And also, we got a plan for making sure that we stay laser like our supply based on the master schedule. We don't want them to take their foot off what they're doing. And if that means we got to hold more inventory, so be it. It's important because at this moment, it will allow us to have any of our suppliers that might have been at the live meet, short of the line, they get a chance to catch up. So, all of that in the mix are levers that we got to deal with as we move into the year. And in terms of what steady means, our belief we stand here today, the bottom end will look a lot like it did last year and maybe a little bit of growth. And once we know more, we'll put more specificity around it, and we'll give normal guidance when adequate, when appropriate.
Brian West: Yes. So -- thanks. I would -- the impact you're not going to see in 2024, just because we still have to move that work through the system. But as we exit, it will largely behind us. As we think about our expectations on BCA profitability over time, we've always talked to it getting back to normal. A lot of that productivity will be not only what volume might look like. I can't say a lot about that now. But also, we don't have this resource with the shadow factories. So, we won't quantify it specifically, but it is an important component as we think about going from what our profitability has looked like at BCA historically and where we think we can get to.
Brian West: Right now, we plan for, obviously, not to be quite what it was in 2023. That's factored into my comments. The good news is, is that we still have a pretty robust demand environment. Our commercial teams are working hard to chase every next order. So, we're not counting on a big one, but we know that our teams can go win campaigns.
Brian West: Sure, I'll take the first one. Yes, we've cycled to 38 per month. We said that. Keep in mind, it always takes time for that to equate it to deliveries, but we're not firing blanks. On your question on the 60% of the portfolio on BDS, look, they've consistently quarter in, quarter out has still been able to deliver some very good performance on some products that the customers need. And you know the laundry list that we talked about, things like Apache and all that sort of stuff, missiles and weapons, things that are needed right now in this environment that we live in. And they're performing well and they're in that mid to high single-digit margin rate. And when we step back, if we think about going from where BDS is with margins, two things have to happen. That 25% that's wrapped around fighters and satellites, that has to get better. We expect it to get better and look a lot like it used to. So, then you've got 85% of your portfolio clicking at stable, consistent mid- to high single-digit rates. And we know we can get there. And then you've got this 15% of the portfolio on fixed-price development programs that we expect to be less of a drag as we retire risk over time. And we expect that to play out.
Brian West: Yes. So, on the 787, there's nothing new on the 87. Team is doing a very nice job. We'll produce at the five per month rate like we described. We expect to steadily increase those rates over time and liquidate a lot of inventory, a lot of inventory. And we'll give more dimensions around the specifics in line with normal guidance, but the program is doing just fine and the backlog is big.
Brian West: Yes, there's two things, Cai, that are going to be things we have to deal with in cash flow. One is going to be the 777X investment I discussed as well as what you just described. And that's contemplated in my description of what we thought the bottom look like. And then we just got to go run the play and work through what's in front of us. But more work ahead, and we'll describe it more specifically as we move through the year.
Brian West: Noah, I completely understand the question. Those are the inputs I described. But out of respect for the process that we need to go through the FAA, I just got to steer away from specificity. It's just not the right time. We've got work in front of us. And I promise when appropriate, we are going to be more specific. But anyway, that's -- it's probably going to be on the specificity of those numbers, wait and see. It's just not appropriate.
Brian West: I don't know we think about a cap. We've got the shadow factories that have been working for quite a while. And they know the routines, and they've been pretty steadily on both 37 and the 87, consistently meeting month in, month out liquidation targets and expectations for customers. So, I don't think there's any kind of cap. We're just focused on we know exactly the piles of inventory. It's 140 on the 37 that I described. It's 50 on the 87 that have to get the rework. And we're just going to move through this year with real focus in order to be in a position where we start shutting these shadow factories down. And then we're just going to run that play as hard as we can.
Brian West: Yes. So, the cash burn, we put out some numbers a year ago, and we thought the operating cash flows by division. BDS, the worst case and for them in that range. They were much worse than that. And it's all what we described last year, and we expect it to be better this year. And that's behind us. But yes, they did a lot worse, obviously, offset by BGS and BCA doing better. But it was worse. And then the first part of your question on margins, we expect margin trajectories to get better over time, particularly as we focus on this 25% of the portfolio that is very specific, and there's a lot of actions or activity around it. But we will get better. They will eventually get to the point where we're putting positives on the board. What I'm most interested is the team that's got to execute over the next -- between now and 2025-2026 in order to get these margins back in the high single-digit range. And I will remind you that that's how we describe our defense margins. You really got to put two points on top of that, which is what we account for in our Global Services division for the defense side. So, it's really more like a double-digit defense external view that we are aiming to get towards because we think that's a pretty decent business.
