W. James McNerney: Thank you, Greg. In 2011, Boeing improved on every major financial metric: revenue, earnings and operating cash and all by pretty wide margins. And we generated tremendous momentum for the future with exciting new programs like the 737 MAX and the Air Force tanker. As we enter 2012, our ongoing focus and priorities are: production ramp-up and profitability across all our Commercial Airplane programs; successful execution of ongoing development efforts on the 787-9, 737 MAX and Air Force tanker; and to continue repositioning our Defense business while extending our core programs and expanding internationally. On the strength of our product and services strategies and our team's commitment to innovation and continuous productivity improvements, we have positioned Boeing for a period of strong and sustained growth in the years ahead. This is the moment we have been waiting for, and we look forward to delivering on the promise. With that said, we'd be very happy now to take your questions.
W. James McNerney: Well, is there a particular part of that question you'd like me to focus on there, Ron? I mean, is it the...
W. James McNerney: It's in 2012. Look, I think as Greg said, the guidance for BCA is prudent. I mean, it hangs together. We're in an industry where experience has shown to be prudent at the front end and unfold as you go along is the way to live life. And this all hangs together in terms of increased lead support that we've got to do with the new airplanes and some sort of one-time things that are associated with 2 simultaneous introductions, those are headwinds, and the pension that we talked about. I think it's -- there's an opportunity to do better. But it's -- often times, it's prudent to plan for some things that have happened historically.
W. James McNerney: I think, Doug, over -- I'd have to look at it to be sure, and the guys can clean this up if I'm a little bit wrong. I don't think the rate ramp has changed much over the last year, 1.5 years. I think what's happened, as events came out of flight test, as we went through flight test, a lot of engineering change went back into planes we'd already built. And that's been our challenge, is the planes that are in change incorp now are the ones that have been pushed out. That flow of change has stopped now. So there is much more clarity on what has to be done in the change incorporation. The rate ramp has stayed. That has been our plan for the last year, 1.5 years. And so we're -- and that's not the issue. The issue is engineering change, which has now largely stopped, back into the early produced airplanes based on flight test discoveries. That's done now. I think that math -- maybe you could sit down with me, Doug. If that makes any sense to you, Doug.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I mean that's forcing me into a big statement, because we're worried about both, okay? Those are both execution things that we've got to monitor very closely and work very hard on. But as I said before, more than half of the planned 87 deliveries this year are coming out of change incorp and then the ramping up after that. And there'll be some off the end of the line, but the ramping up after that will be as we move from 2.5, which we've already done, to 3.5 in the second quarter, to 5 by the end of the year. And that looks manageable as we sit here today.
W. James McNerney: Sure. Let me address the 47-8. The production is going well, and we have a pretty decent pipeline, Howard, of planes that we're working right now, most of which are decisionable in 2012. So we're cautiously optimistic about good order news this year. Now as you know, Howard, you've been around this industry a long time, I mean, this has been, for the ultra-big airplanes going through this economic cycle, has not been a big -- huge airplane's friend. But having said that, the freighters are very productive machines for these guys. The amount of money an operator makes versus what he's been making is tremendous incentive. But it's not only freighters. We have a decent international -- intercontinental pipeline, and there's some VIP airplanes that we're talking to people about. So a pretty decent pipeline. On the 67, we have -- the FedEx order was important for a very important customer, provides a nice bridge to the tanker production. We have a couple of other customers who are continuing to operate the 67 and with whom we are discussing. And a couple of them stand a good chance to come home. I think the -- but the linchpin was the FedEx order. And some of the others, we would have to sort of work in around FedEx and tanker production. We can do it, and we are actively trying to do it. But the big downside has been avoided, okay, is the way to think about that.
W. James McNerney: Well, we're in active discussions on the Atlas airplanes. And the flutter issue -- look, any issue that we have to address is an important issue. I would not characterize that as out of bounds in terms of normal issues we deal with, with new introductions. And we have a good degree of confidence we'll be able to work through that issue, as do we on placing the Atlas airplanes and on executing a pipeline beyond the orders we have right now.
W. James McNerney: I'll answer the market-oriented question while Greg is thinking about advances. With my tongue in my cheek a little, we will have more orders than production next year. But we -- and that's our official guidance. But we should have a pretty good orders year next year. As you pointed out, the conversion of the MAX commitments into orders, that's I think largely visible to you as you track this. But we also see robust order activity in our other product lines. And so we see, by historical comparisons, a pretty robust order situation of BCA. And Greg, you correct me if I'm wrong here. I think the Saudi deal, the finalization of that is not in backlog as we sit here right now. There's some final details being worked through between the governments before we can properly book it. But the arrangements are -- the key elements of the arrangements are done. So that is a pickup you will see. And on GMB -- is that in backlog? Yes, that'll be over the next couple of months as well.
W. James McNerney: Well again, I don't want to put an exact number down because as you know, it can move around. But I will say that the vast majority of the commitments that we got last year, in all likelihood will be booked this year, okay? And as you know, we exited the year with close to 1,000 orders and commitments, most of those were commitments. So there's a good slug there. And we have a pretty robust pipeline on our other models. So I don't want to exactly compare year-over-year, but it's -- versus historical kinds of years, it should be another pretty robust year. And that's included in our cash guidance.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I think the -- I'll just take them in reverse order. The 737 pricing is about what we'd projected. I mean, there are not huge impact swings versus our plan. And as you know it's a competitive marketplace, but it is not dramatically different. And the dynamics there are to continue to sell out the NG up to and including the blend in of the MAX. And that's going well. As you've noticed, with -- i think virtually every commitment we've gotten on MAX's, we've also gotten commitments on NGs, which in some cases puts a little pressure on pricing, but more than offset by the economies of ensuring a smooth dovetail and smooth production. And so that all works out economically on a margin basis. And on the 777 -- listen, the 777 is in a very strong market position right now. And the value we're getting for that airplane is all different kinds of value, of which prices one element remains very strong. And then the financing situation you were asking about, Heidi, we do not see an issue with getting our backlog financed this year. I mean, there are some finance sources moving around, some people with less appetite, more with others who have more appetite. But I think when our BCC people and our treasury folks take a very cold-eyed hard look at it, and I know XM's being debated in Congress and we anticipate resolution there, I think we feel comfortable with getting the backlog financed.
W. James McNerney: Well, you're right. A couple of planes slid out of '11 into '12 coming out of change incorporation, but they've already been delivered. This was not a major slide indicating a different view of our production capability. And as I said before, Cai, the majority of the planes we will deliver this year will come out of change incorp, slightly more than half. But we will exit the year with a pretty good production flow going. But there still will be some change incorp planes that are yet to be delivered. And so the lines -- you're right, change incorp down; production up; inventory same beginning of year, end of year. But then that will begin to change over time as the change incorp planes get flushed out of the system pretty soon thereafter.
W. James McNerney: I think the way I'd say it is that the engineering change flow has slowed down to a trickle. Pretty much done. And as every day passes and we get closer to the goal and we pass other milestones yes, my confidence does increase because we are executing to plan. And the statement of work is better known without all the change flowing in. And so I think as each week passes, each month passes, my confidence does grow. It's something, though, that is -- these ramp-ups are always difficult and it has our attention.
W. James McNerney: Yes, I feel good about them. They're all on plan or, in some cases, slightly ahead of plan. I think Jim -- I didn't read Jim's quote, but he may have been referring to the aft and midbody, which go to both Charleston final and Everett final and that ramp is on schedule. Final assembly. Actually, we're slightly ahead of our plan in final assembly, so I feel good about the execution I'm seeing down there.
W. James McNerney: Well, a lot of the employment ramp happened in 2011. Our company added 11,000 employees, high-tech jobs in the United States, which are the bedrock of our company and very fashionable these days. But those employees were added both for the 787, 747-8 ramp in anticipation of the ramp of some of our other programs. And we're going to be adding some more, somewhat offset by some reductions in BDS. The defense side is tough right now, as you know. And I think all defense players, including that part of our company which is Defense, are tightening employment. So that will net out to a slight add this year. But most of the adds were last year.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I think it's not going to be a big -- we'll get back to you. I don't have that specific number in front of me, Susanna. Tom will get back to you.
W. James McNerney: Just an overall comment would be -- I mean, Chapter 11 probably strengthens the likelihood of that getting booked, quite frankly, as the company goes through. And I think it's hard to predict because they're just at the beginning of the process. Whether that would be finalized, in bankruptcy or just after, it's hard to -- all I know is that American will emerge from that process more able to execute those orders than they would have had they not gone through it.
W. James McNerney: Well, our plan is to deliver them when we committed to deliver them which is, I believe, starting in '17. And so our anticipation is that their financing will all be sorted out well before that.
W. James McNerney: No, you are right, Dominic. You're right. You're right. We said more than half. It's a lot more than half, okay? Greg, do you...
W. James McNerney: Well, I think the -- it was that timing when it began to fall under serious considerations. I mean, we are always reviewing our plans, but I would say it really didn't crystallize. And of course the reason it did, I think the planning started to accelerate then, is a very difficult defense market, which it became clear middle of last year that there was going to be serious surgery done on defense programs, and we had to take an aggressive inventory of our sites and figure out where the most efficient places to produce our wares and our services in a dramatically constrained environment that we saw coming. And that's what really precipitated the second half of the year study in Kansas.
W. James McNerney: No, I don't think it was written in the contract. We can tell you exactly what was written in the contract, but I'm pretty confident there was nothing like that in the contract.
W. James McNerney: Well, the Air Force has pressed us for a very good deal, and they're leaving it to us to make the decision on where and how to produce it. That's the nature of this particular contract.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I think there's 2 elements to the answer. One is we're on track with the development plan that we're working on now. And as you know, there's minor modifications needed to the overall airplane. The engine is the big story, and that's going well. The other element is to sustain productions of NGs up until the point we start blending in the MAXs in the first part of 2017 and I think when we start delivering them and as I mentioned earlier, we're making good progress on accomplishing that objective. Virtually every MAX order we're getting now or every MAX commitment has associated with it a NG order or commitment which will help bridge us right to the point of the MAXs, and that is also very important. So I think the planning is going well on a development side and on a production side, and I feel good about it.
W. James McNerney: I think the -- most of the work that'll be required there will relate to the increased volumes that we've got that will hit that plant a couple of years before the MAX. But there will be some modification required for the MAX, but it'll be done within the footprint that's established for the 42 a month that we've -- that we will be into 2014, 2015.
W. James McNerney: The aircraft, yes. I mean -- but there will be some differences. I mean, the engine, the engine buildup and the cell and that part of it. There's a modification to a few things. But we can largely leverage the current footprint we've got, both in terms of tooling and in terms of facilities after we get up to the 42 a month in 2014.
Greg Smith: Cash deployment. Yes. I mean, certainly as we look at our plan and we look at our improved operating cash going forward, it's a priority for us. We continuously look at it. You saw we increased the dividend in the first quarter. But we'll take a balanced approach like we have in the past. We'll look at share repurchase. We'll look at our pension plans. We'll look at investing in our future and balance that out. But it's certainly at the forefront of our mind as we continue to deliver strong cash flow.
Greg Smith: Well as I said, I think as we execute '12, we'll be looking a lot harder and ramping up our deployment strategies '13 and beyond.
Greg Smith: Well, yes. There's no question, Doug. That would all put pressure on the margin if everything moved to the right. But as I mentioned, we are working other initiatives and opportunities to try to offset that risk. But when you look at kind of near-term, as Jim talked about, a lot of the airplanes that are -- or at least the majority that are going to get delivered next year on the 87 are in mod center. They're in the changing corp area. So when you separate that from rate ramp and then you look at the balance coming out of rate ramp, as you know, we've executed the last rate ramp and we're about to execute the next one. And then we'll execute another one by the end of the year. So we're on a steady pace. Charleston, you know the progress that we've made there, and we'll expect a delivery out of there in the second half as well. So we're balancing all of that. There's certainly -- again, there's no question that if you have delays, its going to put pressure on margins, but I think we're actively working opportunities, and we're trying obviously not have any schedule slips and execute to the plans we got in place between the change center and final delivery out of Charleston and out of Everett.
Greg Smith: Yes. So on that point, on the 87, I'd tell you on a unit basis, it's improved as we'd expect. So as we're coming down the learning curve, we'll have improved unit margins. I'd also mention that that's not -- don't expect that to be linear going forward because of the way we're delivering airplanes and some are coming out of change incorp, some of them are coming out of Everett final assembly, you're going to see a little bit of bouncing around on a unit basis. But certainly for this quarter, the biggest impact was the 9 747s. And that's really the big driver in there from when you at the difference over Q3 to Q4. But again, 87 on a unit did improve.
Greg Smith: Yes. So obviously, some of -- it's a competitive environment we're dealing with on the 737, but we're facing into that. We're looking at obviously cost reductions going forward. And when you look at the maturity of that program and how far out this is in the time frame, it doesn't have a significant impact on the overall block. And obviously, it's something we continue to focus on and look at, but nothing significant within this quarter.
Greg Smith: I don't know -- I haven't done the math to that degree, but it's going to be lower by $500 million. And that should obviously give us a positive impact on the margin.
Greg Smith: Okay. It is coming down, and we'll get a margin increase for that. But he'll get together with you and sort it out.
Greg Smith: Yes, there was a little bit of pickup on fleet support. And then we had some higher escalation as well that was incorporated into the booking rates. So that was essentially it.
Greg Smith: I mean, it'll definitely be up, the Saudi being a big driver of that. And then the strong commercial orders that we're foreseeing will certainly help that in 2012.
Greg Smith: Well, some of those -- as I talked about, some of those will still require change incorp, just not as much. So as they're coming out of the factory, some of those will get -- go into change incorp and then get delivered through 2012. They just don't require as much as they do on those earlier units that we're referring to.
