W. McNerney: Thank you, James. We had another solid quarter of results from our businesses, and we continue to make progress on our key commercial and military development programs. With rebounding commercial air traffic growth, some further clarity on government customer priorities and a continued focus on productivity improvements, we believe we are well-positioned for growth in 2011 and beyond. With that said, we'd be now happy to take your questions.
W. McNerney: Well, I think, Joe, we were mildly surprised at the strength of the orders we've seen over the last quarter. Not totally, but mildly surprised. It did support our thinking to take up production rates and supports our ongoing analysis to think through whether there's more opportunity beyond what we've announced. Where at 35 for the -37 and the previously announced increases on the 777 and the -47, are supported by what we're seeing now. Hard to predict what we'll see in the second half. I mean, the pipeline is good. There are many discussions going on, even discussions on Skyline. That's pretty far out there, but we'll just have to see. We still see a book-to-bill of less than one but we'll monitor the situation as we go forward.
W. McNerney: Well, there have been a couple of what I would characterize as workmanship issues there that we just worked through. I mean no design issues, no configuration issues. A couple of instances where the workmanship was not what we wanted it to be, and we do what we always do, which is to work with our suppliers to resolve them. And that's been the case with Alenia.
W. McNerney: Yes. I think -- if I had to answer the question today, I'd say that there's some upside just based on a market view and the supply chain is the key question. I think moving from where we've been, low 30s to something north of 35, puts a -- while your competitor is also looking at moves and while also other airplanes are also moving up in rate, can put pressure on suppliers. And so the key question is making sure we're right there that we have properly facilitized the suppliers with the right manning and capability and material commitments to get there. And so we're just working very methodically through different scenarios. And if the market is there and the supply chain is committed and capable, you will see further movement.
W. McNerney: Well, I would characterize it as the normal number of bottlenecks and challenges. I think that there's some suppliers that would have to make investments in plant and equipment to meet significantly higher rates. There are others who would need some additional screening. There are others, with whom, we'd have to come up with a new business deal. I would sort of characterize it as business as usual, quite honestly. I wouldn't say it's anything abnormal.
W. McNerney: Well, Troy, the decision framework for us is -- and we'll work through it over the next for the balance of the year -- is when does a new airplane come together in terms of the technology readiness and customer willingness to pay for one? We think that's the first question that has to be answered. If that is sometime this decade, then the case for re-engining weakens dramatically. That would -- if you did re-engine, you'd be doing two major developments in the course of four or five years, which makes no sense. If on the other hand, the new plane comes together much, much later, but say, deep into the next decade, then the case for re-engining strengthens because there is some efficiency that can be derived from a new engine. So we're trying to balance all those things. I think on balance, the customer feedback, which was your specific question, is sort of pushing us toward a newer airplane on balance. But there are those that also make the case for re-engining. But we've got to sort out what is technically feasible and the kind of benefit this new configuration could provide our customers. That's the first order of business.
W. McNerney: I think the 24-day pause was associated with allowing our suppliers to sort of heal up their configurations, in some cases some new engineering as well as their supply chain. So that was more about supplier condition of assembly, making sure that we got what we needed when we need it. The so-called firing of three blanks, the second is really more about shuffling the production against customer requirements. As we get closer to delivery, things move around a little bit and we just want to make sure we're lined up because some configurations and timing changes. And that will be ongoing for the next 25 years. And so this is the first of these. And I would anticipate more of that as we get into next year. Neither of these things -- and I would characterize them as sort of normal adjustments -- really have impacted our view of what we will deliver next year. It didn't really change our view of that.
W. McNerney: Yes I would both characterize them as normal flight-test programs in the sense that there's no major reconfiguration that's been driven by any discoveries as we've gone through that. With that said, I mean, the extent to which there is some risk to the schedule. On the 87, I would characterize that as more getting through lower risk kind of certification, turn times on telemetry certification, documentation. And so I would characterize that -- I don't want to call it administrative because it's not administrative. You could find some things even in the lower risk back end of a flight-test program, but I would characterize it like that. I think on the 47-8, there is that, and there are a couple of workmanship issues and a design issue or two that we're wrestling through. And so maybe, if you force me to compare it, I'd say maybe a little more risk on the 747-8.
W. McNerney: I think we have characterized the pipeline, the last couple of times we've talked to all of you as broad and deep. I would still characterize it that way. And I would say that what six months ago we saw as possibilities, qualified opportunities, I'd say a number of those have hardened up into contract discussions, negotiations, the final ends of competitions. So my view remains that particularly in the Middle East and in Asia and selective other places in Rotorcraft, Freighters, C-17 commercial derivatives in particular, I think there is, as a stronger pipeline as I've seen internationally in the Defense business in a long, long time. And so how much of that will actually convert? You know we discussed that as being the fastest growth part of our Defense business as we project it going forward. I think things I've seen over the last quarter would only make my feeling somewhat stronger, rather than weaker, that aggressive view.
W. McNerney: The pricing environment, good. I mean I think the -- I would say on average, the margins would mix up somewhat from our average.
W. McNerney: Yes, as I mentioned in my introductory remarks, there's no question that the overall cost structure of that business has to come down. I think the uncertainty and pressures in the U.S. contracting environment as the Defense Department sorts through responding to overall U.S. government priorities and pressures, I think is going to focus us very intently on both affordability, and in some cases, reduce volumes on existing programs. Now what we're working through is how much of that'll be offset by some of the new areas we've gotten into, the acquisitions we've made and how that all sorts out. But will be part of our guidance next year when we start talking about it. But there is no question that the overall cost structure will be down. We have plans to do that and we're working through the details of it right now.
W. McNerney: Well, I think as we've characterized it, most of the margin is gone from the schedule. You heard me characterize it a couple of questions ago about the nature of where we are. I think we're a little more than halfway through the flight-test program now. I'm trying to remember exactly where we are, so it's more than 40%. But we do -- in the next several weeks, we'll have the sixth airplane out flying. That's on the schedule. That sixth airplane is not on the critical path. I mean, it's mostly eking the data out of the planes that are flying in addition to the sixth airplane, but most of the margin's gone. We don't see any big technical risk. In fact, we see most of the tough stuff having been dealt with. The static tests and a lot of the systems and stress testing of the airplane and we have found no issues. And as I said before, it's not that there is no more risk, but there is proportionally less risk in the second half of the program than there was in the first, I would say, personally.
W. McNerney: I would say that the overall financing market remains stronger than we anticipated it would be. So most sources of financing are more online for I would say both us and Airbus than we had anticipated. And that includes the banking system and capital markets and ECA so as you're talking about. And I think both the European ECAs as well as XM here in the United States have increased the amount of commitments they've made, sort of in line with the improved market conditions and deliveries we're seeing. And it's impossible for me to predict how much more that either side would give because it's somewhat related to politics, but our current skyline is in very good shape in terms of its financeability and XM has increased its commitments somewhat over the last couple of years. And I think it's my understanding based on your questions and some other things that Airbus' sort of increased level of commitment from its ECA is roughly in line with that.
W. McNerney: It's really hard to predict. I think it increases just based on the commitments that are out there, okay? I mean it increases, again, it's the Skyline, but again, since it's in part decided by people that don't work for me, it's really hard for me to predict. I'm hoping there's continuing sentiment to support these high-tech exports.
W. McNerney: I don't know what's happening this minute, okay, but the couple that I've heard about, and there are others, I don't mean to single out Alenia, that was just the basis of someone's question. I mean I think we're always working through workmanship issues. As far as I know, we have largely worked through what is going on with Alenia, but it's impossible for me to know what's happening this minute.
W. McNerney: I think when we're talking about existing airplanes, by and large we'll be working with our current supply base. As you know, we have invested in additional capacity of our own in Charleston and some other places. So we do have some options to do some work ourselves if we can't reach the proper accommodation in some cases. But in most cases, it's working with the current group that's been on these programs for a long time.
W. McNerney: Well, the way I would characterize it is that we that have to have clarity on their capability and intent. And that's our ongoing process all the time. And I think the answer to the question that was asked earlier was, we have probably better clarity on the market right now than we do on the supply chains' capability to go higher than they have already committed, which is higher than before. So we're just working with them and I'm hopeful...
W. McNerney: I tend to think they are independent issues. Our supplier partners tend to have separate facilities in many cases for the 87, and it's an independent development. There could be an instance of trade-off capacity but, by and large, they tend to be separate issues.
W. McNerney: Yes. I mean I think you've in part answered your question in the sense that understanding with clarity what the capabilities of the A350-1000 is or isn't is an important input to the 777 decision, and I think that is going to take some time. I mean I wouldn't totally characterize it as a paper airplane at this stage, but it's pretty close to that. And as they get closer to a firm configuration, we'll have some more clarity. And I think that'll take another year or so.
W. McNerney: Well, Ken, Airbus has characterized its capabilities very aggressively and I think in terms of range and payload performance, fuel efficiency. And I think until we get down to the details of understanding the propulsion system, understanding the weight of the airplane and a number of other things, and those things remain a little unclear, it's really impossible to know for sure.
W. McNerney: Well, I would tend to issue the other way around, which is that we have a very large backlog for our existing airplanes. We have tremendous customer acceptance. For what it does, we have planned to continue to upgrade them. And so the question would be, why re-engine? And the answer, in my view, is you consider re-engineering if you weren't going to have an airplane available for another 10 to 15 years, and that's what we're trying to sort through right now.
W. McNerney: No. I mean we don't have an internal limit. I think leasing as a percentage of the total has been increasing gradually over the last few years. We in the airlines have learned to work with them productively. So no, we don't have a limit. But the preponderance of the market still prefers to order direct and I don't see that changing dramatically.
W. McNerney: Well, we'll be looking through our entire cost structure, including the top of the business on down to the bottom of the business. And so my guess is, layoffs would be, in our current plans, would be layoffs would be proportional.
W. McNerney: No. What I'm saying is that there would be no over-concentration at the bottom of the organization. The top of the organization -- they are equal brunt [ph] (1:08:25).
W. McNerney: Yes, and attrition, and churn, all the above. But there will probably be some layoffs in the midst of it all.
James Bell: Well, Howard, it is primarily our performance on our current expenses and our drive to really manage the cost associated with running our operation and particularly those costs that don't go into the end product. And so that's what you're seeing. And it really is those types of costs that are incurred basically on the core product line, the production line, particularly on 737 and 777. Those are holding pretty strong as we continually to operate more efficiently, particularly on those things that would drive current expenses.
James Bell: So let me try to take it in pieces. I think the pricing is small, but I mean, it's good. The escalation, we had some clawback on that. In past periods, we had a pretty significant hit to our margins relative to escalation. Some of that, a small bit of that, come back. That sales pricing, though, I think has been pretty stable in terms of the airplanes we delivered this year and will deliver in '11, Heidi. So I think what you're really seeing is good performance on productivity and our acceleration of our efforts in those areas. So I'm optimistic as we go forward that we'll continue going with that, particularly with the new order traffic we are starting to see. We're going to be pricing those reasonably and trying to keep them stable. But obviously, we have some room so that we can really be competitive as necessary.
James Bell: Let me start with the first question. No, we would not have had a look forward loss had not extended the accounting quantity on 747. There are a lot of moving pieces. We're finding as we continue to look at our profitability initiatives on both of those programs, we're finding things we can do better at the same token as we continue to muscle our way through the flight certification testing, we find issues we have to account for. But on balance, we're in pretty good shape on 747-8. And we would not have been into a reach even had we not extended the accounting quantity. 787, very similar, we are looking at all the assumptions around that program. The profitability on that program has not eroded since the first quarter. So we're still looking at things that have been better. I mean, the composition of how we get there changes because of the fact that obviously, we're still working through the ramp-up issues. We're still working through issues coming out of the development program. But we're reasonably comfortable where we are on this program. We do expect this program to start out with margins that are low, and they will build over time as we get more experience on both our productivity efforts and also, our supply chain gets more comfortable with the rates and the due learning curve. So I think we're in pretty good shape, Joe, with from where we stand today.
James Bell: I would call it being prudent. The fact of the matter is that we still have two major programs that are in flight-test that we need to get certified. We do have a lot of units that are in production that, should something come out of that certification process that would have to require us to have to modify them. I just want to be sure we have adequate resources to deal with that. Don't anticipate it happening, but it is a development program and there are two of them.
James Bell: Well, I think the -- a quarter-over-quarter, we've had about the same performance in terms of those period expenses. And there are some challenges in the period expense category in the second half of the year, so we may see them pick up a little bit as we start dealing with the fleet support costs associated with the introduction of the 87 in the service, and some of the other areas that are dealt with, like investment and some of the two in productivity. But I think that we're going to continue to work that area hard the second half of the year, Cai, and the also as we head into '11. But clearly, there will be some expenses associated that are period-related that are associated with the production as it ramps up. So we'll continue to work to control them as we have over this past first half of the year, and quite frankly, as we started doing in '09.
James Bell: There are very view deliveries of the 787 and the 747-8 assumed in the 460 to 465 delivery. So if all of them do get delivered, that will have some impact on the over-arching margins, but it's a very small number. And that's already baked into the things we've talked about. Now some of the other things that we've talked about is pressure. We do have some investment in some of our productivity tools, the investment in the fleet support cost associated with entry into service on the 87. And those are things in the second half of the year that we're looking at that's going to impact margin. There is also a little of things for the suppliers as we move, as we've talked to you about, as we look at development on the -9. We are taking some of those costs now, are going to be period expense. And they're going to affect second-half margin and we're still in the process of implementing that change. So that you'll see very little of that in the second half of the year. And then some of that will be offset about with what we look at volume going forward. And then clearly the last piece is the prudent provision for anything wrong coming out of the two flight programs.
James Bell: I would call it prudent, I wouldn't just call it cushion. But I think that, I go back to what I just said. We've still got these two programs, we still have a lot ahead of us. And clearly, we want to be conservative in our full year guidance because although both of these test programs have gone reasonably well, again, we're going to be building up a lot of inventory on both of those programs, 15 airplanes on the 47 side and 30 on the 87. That we would have to have the kind of resources available should we have something that becomes a problem that would cause a retrofit. But clearly, it is what I just said. We do have other investments that aren't in the first half of the year -- we're going to affect [ph] (44:21) in the second half of the year. And clearly, there is still even though we've lowered the guidance relative to BDF margin down to approximately 9.5%, there's still that pressure when we continue to look at the contracting environment we're dealing with on the government side of the house. So we are trying to have a prudent protection against all those things that we see that could happen in the second half of the year.
James Bell: No. I think that we think that in the second half of the year it's reasonably balanced. We think that we have a good chance of hitting those numbers in the second half.
James Bell: Yes, the chart was not on Wedgetail, it was on Peace Eagle, which is the Turkey product offering, but yes, that was part of it. And then, the environment in general is we're finding to be more challenging in terms of negotiating a larger profit opportunities. And also add to how we negotiate and how our work is put on contracts, where in some cases, we're getting independent [ph] (48:06) contract orders, and then we're negotiating those later after a lot of the costs are in. And the end result of that is a lower profit opportunity. So those are the kind of things we're trying to deal with and address our going-forward guidance.
James Bell: The specific program on the chart, obviously it was the AEW&C offering associated with the Peace Eagle program. But in terms of the environment, it's more general and its impact is more generally felt across all segments in BDF.
