David Calhoun: Thanks, Dave. I appreciate it. As we continue to transform our business, we remain committed to quality, safety, integrity and transparency in everything that we do and every action we take. I’m extremely proud of the resiliency and dedication of our team and I remain confident in our future. So with that, Dave and I are happy to take your questions. Thanks.
David Calhoun: Yes. Noah, thanks for that question. So let's start with maybe BDS and BGS. As you know, BGS, before the pandemic was sort of mid-teen margin business. And I think, you saw some significant progress towards that this quarter to 13.1%. So I think that will depend from quarter-to-quarter on mix. There's a variability in many, many programs in BGS, but I think we're seeing positive trajectory there. And we see a path to getting back towards those mid-teen margins over time. In BDS, strong quarter on margins with 13.9%. Now some of that was due to, as we mentioned, a higher or a benefit from a non-U.S. program adjustment that the benefit of the quarter, even if you sort of stripped that out, BDS performed well. And in the kind of the low double-digit margin territory that they've been in good times, we were not taking charges. So clearly, the fact that we didn't take any significant charges in the quarter and performed well across the programs that turned out very well. And so, then back to BCA, clearly, we're still in a negative margin territory, although much better than we've been certainly in recent quarters and compared to the same quarter last year. I think a lot there will be driven by rate. We are ramping up in the 737 MAX program at 16 per month now moving to 31 per month at the beginning of next year. And we intend to go higher, obviously, driven by what we see in the market beyond early next year in some of that, the key enablers that we just talked about China being one are important in that in addition to just overall traffic trends. So I think for BCA, it's going to be production rate-driven in addition to getting additional traction on the business transformation efforts we've had cutting costs. And then, of course, as Dave mentioned, achieving stability, especially in the 787 program as we work through our final issues there.
David Calhoun: Well, yes. I mean, our initiatives are definitely intending to do that. We'll see when the measures come. But if you think about the dynamics with respect to that, it's all about that underlying infrastructure costs and the consolidation of a couple of plants and a few things like that. That has to give us benefit at similar rates from where we were before. So yes, the leverage is in the rates, but when we get to those similar rates, I feel good about where we're going to be.
David Calhoun: I don't view this as opportunistic either on my side or on the customer side. When you make decisions to order 270 airplanes, expand your capacity and get aggressive in the marketplace, that is a fundamental decision as it gets. And it was very little with respect opportunism. The good news when I just evaluate the United order is they have to consider all of their routes, all of their operations and then they, as you know, solve for the lowest cost, most efficient delivery of a passenger, a route of a passenger. And then they make choices around the airplanes. The good news is they have history with both manufacturers. So I liked the way our product line competed with our competitor. I mean, it was straight up out of the 270, we got 200, the models and the routes that they're intended to satisfy their optimal for United. And anyway, so I'm quite pleased with how that went and it was quite in my view strategic and long-term. And in the case of Southwest, it's the same. Southwest, we benefit from it being in all Boeing fleet and they benefit from it being all Boeing. But on the other hand, they're doing the same thing as United. These are two very strong airlines who are staking out the future and making big strategic decisions to do so. They're extending their reach, they're improving their routes structures, et cetera. So, yes, I can't see these in any way as being opportunistic. I do think, and expect as domestic markets return recoveries robust, the retirements stay retired, and I believe most of them will, that we're going to end up in that same real estate play going forward, meaning airlines who get aggressive and have balance sheets and are strong who want to improve their routes structures and grow into the market, they'll be the first one to play. I can't predict exactly when that happens. Just like I couldn't predict when United would step forward or Southwest. But I know, I think these two are as strategic as it gets. And we held our ground and posture and we let the airplanes performance and sell itself. That's really the way it happened.
David Calhoun: Yes, I do. I do. Again, I can't predict timing and I certainly can't predict the scale of each and every order. But I liked the way these were led and I liked the way we competed.
David Calhoun: Yes, so. Kristine, I think number one, the burned out advanced payments, as I mentioned, is going to be lumpy, obviously dependent on delivery schedule. And we're going to see that effect the second half of this year and also 2022. So that is a headwind. Certainly, the tailwinds you see are expected higher airplane deliveries certainly 737 MAXs. And as we work through 787 higher deliveries there too, once we complete the work and are able to deliver again. I think, well, we're not predicting which quarter or this year might be cash flow positive. I think, it will be variable. We certainly made a lot of progress from Q1 with the Q2 cash flow performance. I think the rest of the year, I think it will be a balance of higher deliveries and some headwinds from advanced payments, but also benefits from, as Dave mentioned, continued work on the business transformation efforts and also on the expectation that we should be receiving a cash tax benefit sometime in the second half could be in Q3, could be in Q4. So that would be a benefit to the year as well on cash. But we're not predicting Kristine, not giving guidance on a quarter, cash flow level. But we see, we do see some tailwinds for the rest of the year.
David Calhoun: Yes. But let's just say, the dialogue with the CAAC, first of all, remember they have a hundred airplanes on the ground in China that the airlines want to get into the year. They got the Olympics coming and they want to move down that path. So they have a lot of natural incentive to want to do it. We've been working closely with them from the beginning. It's constructive. Technical issues are being resolved. In fact, for the most part, I think they're all behind us. And yes, I anticipate there will be test flights conducted in certification. As we said, we expect that we will get that before the end of this year. So anyway, I'm very encouraged about the constructive nature of that, of how that's going. And anyway hopefully bigger trade issues don't get the way. I don't believe they will. Both sides are incented for this industry to move forward.
David Calhoun: Yes, Doug, I really appreciate the question, because it outlines the heart of what we're trying to accomplish here. So let me start by saying, this is not the FAA getting tough on Boeing. This is Boeing getting tough on Boeing. We launched a program to inspect because we did find some issues by way of notice of escape out of out supply chain. Early on, we decided we would do a nose to tail inspection of all of it, tier one, tier two. And we did exactly all the things you're describing. Our specs to type, the process controls that our suppliers where they need to be is the rework operations that we've now put into our operations in Charleston, are they necessary? And are they getting the job done? And in every case, we look for even the smallest exception to the tolerances that we've designed. And in every case, we then take a step to one identify it. We immediately talk to the FAA about it. Two, we fix it. Three, we make sure it won't happen again. How do you do it? Well, you have teams inside our suppliers working on process control development understanding of exactly why that spec is necessary and where it is. And on our side, we start putting disciplines in place that make it clear to those supply chain that we're not going to keep our line running. If we get one that isn't right. That's a little bit of what's going on here. Here's the good news. If we ever add a window to get this behind us once and for all it's now. We're producing at the lowest rate ever customers are not knocking down our door to get their airplanes in light of the COVID impact on international traffic. And so we're very determined to see our way through this. Good news, the inspections are done right, toe to tail. So those inspections are done. Doesn't mean somewhere along the way, our suppliers are going to raise their hand and tell us there's an escape somewhere along the way. But it's not going to be as a result of this big effort that we've put forward here. And each and every one of these issues that we find, we always have a decision to make with respect to compliance, which is that each and every part and every airplane is built precisely to the drawings that we've created and it's our to job to rework the issue. And that's – that is what we're going through. I view this as a courageous moment for Boeing. My hats off to our team, believe it or not, all of these conditions were preexisting my leadership team. So the work they're taken on and the readiness that we're getting in place for, what I think is the second half recovery in the wide body world of next year. That's when I believe it border protocols are going to get understood and predictability will return to the market. When that happens and orders come, we will have to be able to respond to rate increases in a very stable form and fashion. And I think the actions we're taking right now are the most important part of that puzzle. So I really do apologize to investors and I apologize for guessing that the last issue was our last but we're getting close. And most importantly, the underlying causes are getting understood and resolved.
David Calhoun: The former, it was part of our inspection process. This one happened to be a tier two issue. So you go through your supplier, then you go through your supplier’ supplier to find that process control that needs to be implemented clearly and correctly. And the rework that needs to be done is largely done on their premise. So again we don't have a, like a big inspection program from here forward. This one is for the most part complete and I expect things to change dramatically. But most importantly, the amount of rework we'll eliminate in our factory and the predictability of our supply chain on all these fronts is that much better off. Doug, one other comment I want to make just to make sure everyone knows how important 87 is. During this COVID period, no wide body passenger airplane has been flown more aggressively than 87, it's everywhere. 90% of that fleet is up and active and being worked as hard as it can be worked. So despite the low numbers with respect to all this international traffic, et cetera, the 87 is the prized asset. That's getting worked hard.
David Calhoun: Yes, thanks, Seth. So it's – that's going to be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, and obviously depending on the delivery schedule, which we've talked about is going to vary from quarter-to-quarter. We also saw orders come in, right? So you've got deliveries happening. You've got orders coming in, so you've got adding and subtracting at the same time. So the bottom line for you to think about is that we still do see these PDPs or advances as a headwind, through the second half of this year and into next year. It's a headwind, we think we will more than overcome, because we we're predicting or expecting cash flow to be positive in 2022. But just so it's not off your radar screen, this will be with us for the next number of quarters as we work through these deliveries out of inventory and apply advanced payments, case by case, customer by customer. So it's really hard to predict or give guidance there, but net-net, again, 2022, we expect to be positive cash flow and we would have tailwinds more than offsetting that headwind.
David Calhoun: Yes, I'll start this with the underlying premise on R&D. I mean, we are – my view is we are fully funded on the important R&D efforts that will support BCA broadly. I want to separate that from development funding which is the ongoing certification work associated with the MAX 10, 777X. And I hope in the relatively near term a freighter version of that airplane. So, we are going to be very busy and have been very busy on the development front and spending a fair amount of money on it. I don't expect that number to go up significantly at any different at any point in time even in the relatively near term, not because we're not going to take on new stuff just because. And the next comment I would make on just the research front and what is the likely technologies that will surround that next airplane. It's not going to be dramatically different with one exception, and that is everything sustainability. That next airplane will have to meet some serious sustainability tests. I do think that sustainable aviation fuels is going to be a big part of that and our propulsion suppliers with respect to the packages that they are now promoting, you may have seen the CFM package most recently with the fan. Anyway, I think, it's going to be a fight between sustainability propulsion packages and meeting that spec. And then for Boeing it's to make this the most efficient airplane it can possibly be. And you may have heard me say our investments in the underlying modeling technologies that have to be deployed applying the digital thread that we have in our defense programs to the commercial programs that is critically important to this next development. It will shorten the cycle on development, it will improve the productivity on the program itself and that's critical. And then finally just our production system will be quite different as we think about it. And we have very active programs on both the modeling and production system to be ready for that moment. So that's a lot. But I'm quite – I'm actually quite confident that our R&D budgets are what they ought to be and quite robust relative to the needs of our BCA business.
David Calhoun: Oh yes, I'm sorry. Look, that's a determination that has to be made with the FAA. And most of this in light of the fact that the safety margins on the structural elements of our airplanes is huge. So, it's not the world's easiest set of analyses to go through and our teams have taken their shot at it. They go through the FA in great detail. And so, I don't really know the answer to that. But the ideal for all of us is to just incorporate it into ongoing maintenance schedules of the airlines. So that is that's our hope and desire and sort of anyway, but I'm going to leave it to the FAA and our ultimate conclusions between those two teams as to just what happens on that front.
David Calhoun: Yes, I mean, but I – we put some margin into that. In other words, we may have to take some risks ourselves with respect to their readiness and their production rates and inventory that we might accumulate. That's on us. We understand that, but yes, the answer is yes, we’ll have to give them notice. And I think they're going to be – they will be okay with that largely because of risks we take.
David Calhoun: Yes, Carter, yes, thanks for the question. Certainly, there are some additional costs associated with the rework, production rate adjustment, delivery, timing, et cetera. But there also are other puts and takes that, go into this as, you know that have enabled us to maintain a positive margin there. And so, we – it's still near to zero, it's that where we want it to be, we've got work to do to get it, to keep moving north in higher. And we, obviously examine this thing every quarter very detail approach along with our auditors, et cetera. And so, we just have some additional benefits in the cost side and that are offsetting enough so that we don't find ourselves in an RFL position. And obviously, as Dave said, it's all about achieving stability and starting to march back up that margin.
David Calhoun: Yes, I am quite confident in the freighter market. I think some secular things have happened there that are going continue to make that a very important market. As you know we are significant in that market and have long-standing customer relationships. And especially in the next couple of years prior to the ICAO standards being implemented. I'm confident it will drive some additional 76 and additional 777 demands, et cetera. We need to develop a new ICAO compliant freighter version opportunity. I circle the 777Xs, the logical place for that and the smart place to do that. So, as I said, without suggesting that we've already launched and/or that we have one plan by the day, we're confident and I'm confident that that might be the next of our programs. And it will be an incredible freighter with incredible long-term advantages for our major customers. So anyway, that's where we stand. And in the meantime, there are exemptions that exist within the ICAO language that have to be accommodated by our U.S. Government in some way, shape or form that allow for a transition strategy to that new kind of opportunity that is ICAO compliant. Because you'll recall, or maybe know, or don't know the 76 when it moves into a, like a FedEx or UPS opportunity. If this displaces airplanes that are 40% plus less efficient and most importantly, 40% less environmentally friendly. So, there is, I think, some transition strategies that can and should be implemented that will help us in that. But we need to step forward on an airplane itself. And yes, so I don't mind tip in my hand. That's what's got my greatest interest.
David Calhoun: Yes, let me just in some ways state the obvious. I don't want to imply that anything is risk-free on this front. It's not, it never will be. Especially as it relates to the China relations, which are real. And then we see all the strains as well. The advantages and the needs on both sides with respect that the need for the equipment, again, 100 airplanes on the ground, an economy that has been the fastest to recover from COVID and economy preparing for the Olympics and for a substantial amount of traffic to, and from in the domestic market. So, all of those needs line up and they support to airlines to accommodate that traffic is where it needs to be. There is nothing that prevents this trade from happening. So, there's nothing written that says you can't do it. I mean, so there's nothing that prevents it. And our government fully understands and appreciates the fact that our industry is a leader in the world. And that leadership in China is critical to that and the employment that it, of course holds. So, without them having to sort of launch this as some big new opening to a structural agreement, we're just going to stay on course and continue to support free trade between these two players, both of whom understand the importance. And there are plenty of trade partners that exist between China and the United States. All I like to do is look, look at all the sort of import numbers in this country and vice versa. It's a big corridor. We just want to be part of that and we want to do it the right way and support our customers. And things have been constructive if they weren't. I would tell you so anyway that’s where we are.
Dave Dohnalek: Yes. I'm optimistic to get to or beat our prior, the margins you were accustomed to with respect to BCA, biggest part be in transformation and the leverage we can get by reducing our sort of break-even rates and that's what we're working on. It's been quite effective. The key will be to keep it when the market turns back. So anyway, I'm looking forward to that.
Dave Dohnalek: Yes. We don't have that specific number that we're disclosing. But again, it would be, even if you strip that out, above 11% margins at BDS, which is we're happy about the progress there. 
Dave Dohnalek: The underlying trajectory is good. And we're making really solid ground on that basis. So I feel good. We always have our quarterly lumps, but anyway I do think this quarter is indicative of the underlying trend.
Dave Dohnalek: Well, I can't throw a dart and be that precise with respect to the day we are at profitability. But we have a real rate ramp scheduled for the remainder of our year on the subject of deliveries. Not so much production. I think we get as high as 50 as we exit the year. And then that begins to make a big dent. And I'm pretty confident we can do that. We have de-risked our year largely for China. So, they become next year's risk with respect to delivery. So, we'll run that play and that ramp as hard as we can, we will have signals with respect to where China is well before that. And if we have to make adjustments, we will. But I do think we are prepared for that delivery rate. And I think we're close to what we’ve already demonstrated. I think we delivered over 30. I don't think I know over 30 in the month of June. We've got big teams, they know how to do it, the FAA has granted us our authorities and we're running full speed. And as I said, the performance of the airplane has been fantastic. So, again, it's your premise is right, China is mostly de-risked for this year, but will definitely be part of next year is a risk as we talked earlier. Again, I remain confident on that prospect, but we'll know when we know.
Dave Dohnalek: With every – first of all, as you well know, I've been in engineering businesses most of my life. With every retirement of a seasoned veteran in Boeing, in engineering, there's always a, oh my gosh, what's going to happen, because they carry an awful lot of knowledge. And so, I accept that as a norm. On the other hand, those very same people work as hard as they could to train the best engineers that the aerospace industry, whatever see behind them. And when moments like this happen, where we've had a few more and mostly just out of natural, voluntary actions on their part all good for them all in good relation to us. These folks that they've trained all these years step up and they step up big and they are impressive and they are good. And so, in many ways, there are always two sides to that coin. And I love the side I'm seeing, which is an incredibly qualified, highly motivated group of younger engineers who studied under these folks. And I promise you, these folks who left will never not return those kids’ phone calls. Life goes on. And we continue to improve. I have been traveling the engineering function across The Boeing Company in some of the highest profile projects, some of the most amazing technologies I have ever seen. I can't, I don't ever come away unimpressed. The folks are great. I really don't worry about it. I do worry about input, meaning we are now in a ruthless competition with everybody, not just our aerospace industry, which is getting bigger, but also all of the folks in the cyber and Silicon Valley world. But I like our chances. We've got a great mission. Most engineers start their career and start their jobs based on the mission of the company. We got a pretty good one and anyway. So, look, I read it, I've seen it, I understand the concern from the outside in, but from the inside out I'm quite confident in our technical team.
Dave Dohnalek: Big internships, we got a lot of them, active internships. We never slowed them down during COVID. I personally participate in the discussions with many of the interns. This virtual world allows you to do that. So that's something we will continue. It's the mission. It's really the mission. Most of these engineers and these highly qualified data analysts and software engineers, they like what we do. They want to go to deep space, right? They want to help protect their country. These are meaningful things. So, we try to attach them to our mission, our vision, and then we try to give them the best set of assignments they can get. Move them around, do the things that Boeing can do because of our big footprint. Anyway, and then some of them just go as deep as they can go, because there is a particular technology, we might be a world leader on. Those are easy for us to recruit because they just want to go deeper. So anyway, we're active on it. I personally am active on it and I'm confident in what Boeing brings to them. 
Dave Dohnalek: We have not made any outlandish forward assumptions with respect to productivity that we don't know is there, because we don't do that. So anyway, it's not half baked, this is fully baked.
