Dave Calhoun: Yes. Thanks, Brian. In closing, I just want to make a couple of comments and double down on the resiliency of our recovery. We've had no shortage of challenges this year. You all know that. Conformance items, development hurdles, external challenges within the supply chain and even logistics routes. These are not uncommon in our industry. I've heard from a few of you wondering if we've lost a step in this recovery. You might not be surprised to hear that I view it as exactly the opposite. Over the last several years, we've added rigor around our quality processes. We've worked hard to instill a culture of speaking up and transparently bringing forward any issue, no matter the size, so that we can get things right for a bright future. As a result, we're finding items that we need to resolve. They're not newly created defects in the system. Instead, thanks to the culture we're building, we identified items from the past that we now have the rigor and the focus to fix once and for all. Our shadow factories will be shut down. So this process of transparency and change can be difficult in the moment, but I'm proud of our team. I'm confident; we'll look back on this time period as when we got things right and we set Boeing on the right course. We still have work to do, but progress is clear and our focus is long-term. We're on the right path to restoring our operational and financial strength. And we thank you for your patience. Okay. Now, let's turn it over to questions.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, Doug, that’s the money question. We think we are synced perfectly with the constraints that we know. You talked about engine constraints. We have as clear and as transparent a relationship as we could possibly have with the GE and CFM teams. The rates that we have outlined in our guidance reflect those constraints. We all could go much higher, much faster, if it were strictly a demand question. But we have to listen hard to those constraints. So we are there. On Spirit, we really do believe that the commercial agreement and I can have Brian make a comment on; he was in the center of that negotiation. The commercial agreement gives them the resources and the breathing room they need to get ahead of our rate forecast. And maybe even more importantly, I think the selection of Pat at exactly this moment in time to sort of get them really focused on factory performance I’m quite optimistic and quite pleased with. We’ve had just in the last 30 days as many interactions with Pat as we’ve had over the last year, even though we’ve had more than 100 people embedded at Spirit. So, all the signs are good there. I feel like we took a major step forward on relieving that particular constraint. And as you know, that is mostly a conformance constraint. I got to tell you, these fuselages, man, they have been gone over with a microscope in light of what we’ve experienced here in the last four months. So all that said, those are – you correctly articulated the constraints that we’ve had to deal with. On the all other, we had one that has really taken aggressive steps and gotten ahead of us. And so I’m feeling better about all other than I have in quite a long time just because there was another one embedded. I’m not going to mention names. So anyway, that’s it in a nutshell, I am always tempted based on demand to tell you we can do more than 50 and get to 60 and we are physically capacitized to do it. You’re correct in that. But I can’t call it out until the supply chain constraints can make it. And they haven’t yet to get to those kinds of numbers. But we have a couple of years to work it, and we’ll continue to work it. But right now, everything we’re doing is based on the constraints we know. And that’s what we’ve outlined to the industry. And even in these last just several months with the non-conformance issues that have sort of constrained our delivery, as we’ve said many times, we have kept our master schedule intact to get to that 38. We’re definitely building inventory in the process, and we’re paying our suppliers. So they’re not second guessing where we’re going to end up. And we think we’re going to have a little bit of buffer, particularly at the front end in light of what we’ve just experienced.
Dave Calhoun: Yes, first of all, we’ll definitely update guidance for next year as we get into the early part of next year, put these non-conformances in a rear view mirror once and for all, get to a stable rate at 38, and then we’re going to be anxious to build from there as fast as we can. We will give guidance based on everything we know early in that year. So not avoiding it now, but its best we get these things in a rear view mirror. And the good news is we really do have these in a box with respect to the scope of work that’s required and now it’s just executing against it. And our teams have done a pretty good job on that.
Dave Calhoun: I always have to add because I don’t want to get in a trap like we did a long time ago. The FAA makes that call and we’re going to give them all the flexibility they need. We try to interpret it the best we can, and that’s what we’ve done. Know that there haven’t been any real changes to the airplanes. So we are mostly working design assurance documentation as required by the new legislation back at the end of 2020.
Dave Calhoun: Noah, if I could just maybe add one thing to make sure everybody knows what, at least what I'm all focused on. We're going to exit this year with a little more than 100 of the return-to-service airplanes that we had at the end of 2020. That is what our shadow factories are focused on in a big way to make sure that we can bleed that down to basically nothing by the end of next year. So the pace at which we bleed that down, we complete that rework, deliver all those airplanes dictates a lot about that cash flow. It gets better every month. But it's going to be all about the pace at which we can do it and transfer that workforce into the production rate increases. So we need – there's a lot to know about that. We're going to give you our best shot at what that guidance looks like. But by way of proxy, that is a very important achievement for us. And I'm 100% focused on it, and I know Brian is and the team at BCA.
Dave Calhoun: Brian, how about I answer the first part of this one? I consider the Spirit remedy fairly unique, in fact, totally unique. I don't think that's going to have any ramifications anywhere else, and there aren't any signals that way. But the linkage really is important. As Spirit becomes stable and we get to our rates, rates solve most of the supply chain's problems. We got to get to those rates so that they can make the kind of money that they associate with those rates and we get to where we need. So there is a linkage, but it's not a copycat linkage, and there's no sign of that happening.
Dave Calhoun: Well, let me just comment on the tanker. I'm not surprised at what we all read with respect to Airbus now going on their own. They will go. So we shouldn't expect them to sort of vacate. I do like what it ultimately does for us and the competition. We are not afraid of competition. And yes, that next contract matters a lot. We have to ultimately underwrite the cost and get this right. And as we've committed to you all along, we're going to stay disciplined on that front. And no, there's not – this isn't program accounting, it's contract accounting. So I don't think we're going to have any implication associated with lots and an additional contract. Now I'm not the accountant. So I'll ask Brian to collaborate.
Brian West: Yes. Thanks, Jason. Let me start with the quantum and the 2025, 2026 time frame. It’s $10 billion. And we continue to have line of sight to hitting that target. I think that’s most important. In terms of how we get from where we land in 2023 to that moment, yes, going to be some things we’ve got to deal with, not going to be linear, but we’ve got some things that feel good about in terms of momentum. Let me just highlight a few. Of course, we’ll be more specific in January on next year’s free cash flow guidance. But we expect to be higher. It’s too early to be that specific, but it will be underwritten by higher BCA deliveries, both on the 37 and the 87. We’ll have made progress on the inventory wind down that Dave mentioned. And we’re also going to factor in the 777X ramp. So those things are pretty discrete, and we just got to follow our ability to deliver in a stable environment. BGS will be steady. BDS, as you point out, we expect cash flows next year to be better than there this year, but still likely a drag, mostly factoring in the impact of some of the charges that you mentioned that we just got to put behind us. So, we’ll spell all of this out in January once we finish our planning cycle and get through 2023. But the most important thing to remember is that quantum in 2025, 2026 is $10 billion. And all of the levers that we have to go from where we land this year to at that point are still very clear to us and underwritten by execution, and we know how to do that.
Brian West: Yes. We’re still looking forward to that stability, as Dave called it, in the 2025, 2026 time frame in that $10 billion. That’s where we’re laser-like focused. Anything beyond that is going to be outside of our planning window. And hopefully, it’s going to be underwritten by a very attractive robust demand environment, but let’s get there first.
Brian West: Yes, sure. So October will be a little bit light, as I mentioned, with November and December being picked up. Remember, we had a number of airplanes that were ready to be delivered prior to this latest spear NOE, and now we have to work them through the system. We do have a good line of sight to finish in the year, and the team is laser-like focused on meeting this updated set of numbers. And then, of course, we feel good about the free cash flow that will be dragged along with that. In terms of the 75%, that is still the way to think about how we have to touch those inventory airplanes. As we’ve mentioned, we know the scope. We know what’s got to happen, and we’re working our way through finishing that work across that cohort of airplanes. So that has remained unchanged, and it’s just all the work we have to do in front of us, clear line of sight. And in terms of the rate breaks, largely speaking, we’ve had a master schedule out there for some time with the required rate breaks. Of course, we’re trying to get our way to 50 per month by the 2025, 2026 time frame. None of that’s changed. And we’re still focused on executing that once we can get to that 38 as we exit this year and then move the supply chain with us considering everything Dave described about how we see the supply chain coordinating going forward.
Brian West: Sure. So I’ll take the last one first. This is a particular contract with the customer that really isn’t in the category of development. The way we talk about the fixed price development contracts is very different. We are completing the requirements for the customer. We have additional work to do to make this constellation very robust with new technology. It’s very innovative, and we have to work our way through, and we will in short order. This is not going to be one that’s going to be dragged out for a long period of time. And in terms of the 10 billion, we always built that with some understanding that not every piece was going to go exactly correct. There were going to be some puts and takes and we provide ourselves the room with which we could have certain things not go quite perfectly. And in the case of BDS, even though it might be a bit different than we had thought even a year ago, it’s still within the quantum of us being able to deliver that 10 billion. And we have a lot of confidence that they will be contributing to that 10 billion. Maybe not quite as much, but they’re going to be positive. And of course, BGS remains strong. BCA, we always get more and more confident. So we still have a path to that 10 billion and just reinforce how confident we are in get – being able to get the whole enterprise there.
Brian West: Yes. Thanks, Sheila. So it’s largely – the fact that we were negative again in the quarter is all the spirit impact that we’ve described. And fourth quarter is going to be sequentially better, but it’s still going to be negative. And that’s again, as we work our way through this factory disruption and we still have this abnormal running through the BCA P&L. I will tell you that in 2024, we expect margins to be positive and that’s going to be underwritten by two things primarily BCA. It’s going to be driven by higher volume for sure. And remember all this abnormal will be essentially done which has been a drag on the BCA margins for quite some time. So we just got to work our way out of that, which we will by the end of this year, and then work towards executing on the delivery targets for next year. And that will get back at a positive territory. And then the good news is by 2025, 2026, we still have a view where they will be double-digit margins as they have been historically. And that will be underwritten by this. These dual factories that Dave’s talked about will be behind us. And all that labor that today is working on inventory airplanes for both the 37 and the 87 is going to go be applied to these ramps in the rates up to 50 and 10 respectively in the 37 and the 87. So all of that still is right in front of us and it all still give us confidence that we’re going to be able to hit those kind of targets. And the BCA team is very focused on delivering that.
Brian West: Yes. So let’s start with the R&D question. So overall R&D, we continue to spend on the dash seven and the dash 10 and the uptick is as I pointed out and as you mentioned on the 777X and the 777-8 Freighter. Now as we move forward, that range of three – call it three, four-ish billion of R&D, that’s going to modestly go up over the next couple years. But it’s not going to do anything to disrupt our free cash flow target. And if it goes up a little bit, I think that’ll be good news because we’re investing in programs. So we’re not necessarily worried about that at all. And it’s all within our expectations, both near term and longer term. And in terms of the certification milestones that we have in front of us, as Dave mentioned, there’s been no change to either the dash seven, the dash 10 or the 777X we move forward and particularly the 777X team’s hard at work at trying to meet that commitment. So there’s really nothing to say other than there’s a lot of people hard at work, which is why we continue to invest in those spots.
Brian West: I don’t think that we’ve necessarily put a date out on that for obvious reasons. So we’ll let the teams do the work and we’ll let the regulators dictate those specifics and we’re just going to follow their lead.
Brian West: Yes. So Seth, we're just going to wait until January to be able to describe any kind of range for cash flow next year. We just got to get through our planning cycle. We had to close the year. So just be patient with us. But we will be specific in January, the same way we were this year. And I'll also probably let you know that, that would apply to your question on deliveries or how to think about them. Delivery is going to be higher next year. We're going to have momentum going on this year. All of those details, we're going to flesh out and share at the beginning of the year and at the right time, and we look forward to doing that.
Brian West: Answer your first question, the answer is yes, for sure. And in terms of how we think about the rate, we, the system, as Dave mentioned has always maintained to be hot because we want to make sure that they know that the demand signal is there. And we want them to continue focus on that master schedule. How exactly as we start the year we'll be able to count deliveries relative to that 38, we'll see. But right now, job one is to exit – get the non-conformance behind us. Remember, we had about a 30 aircraft growth between the second quarter and the third quarter into the inventory airplane. So that's going to be working its way out of the system relatively quickly, which gives us confidence in the November, December time frame. And then as we think about prime of the pump for 38 per month, we're going to move towards January and beyond and hopefully some pretty good execution. So we'll have to wait and see exactly how that plays out, but the underlying system is going to stay at 38. And as we get through next year, obviously, there'll be certain rate ramps that we'll describe later. But right now, if we have everything be coordinated across the broad supply chain, I think we'll be fine.
Brian West: Yes. No, all of that is going to have to be something we talk about in January. Right now, we have to get the non-conformance behind us. We have to be able to hit this delivery range that we've just described. And we have a lot to do, but confidence we'll get there. And then we'll describe the shape of next year at the right time. I just don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. And I do believe that as – I do believe next year will be better, and I do believe we'll exit next year better. How that folds up between halves, you're just going to have to give us a little bit more time as we work our way through our planning cycle and we get to January.
Brian West: And in terms of the margins on both unit and program, they'll be positive. And program, we'll have growth. So we look forward to describing that as we get closer to January but both.
Brian West: Yes. No, exactly. We don't see that changing. We'll just add to volume like we do with any kind of extension. And in terms of your question in the fourth quarter, of course, any kind of deliveries and cash flow are going to be factored into our look for the quarter and going forward. So that's all baked in.
