W. James McNerney: Thanks, Greg. With 3 strong quarters behind us and a relentless focus on disciplined execution, our team is ready and committed to deliver on our strength and outlook for the remainder of 2012. Our priorities going forward are unchanged, successful production ramp-up and profitability across our Commercial Airplane programs, performance to plan on our development efforts for the 787-9, the 737 MAX and Air Force Tanker and repositioning our Defense business, while extending our core programs and expanding internationally. We are pleased with our progress in each of these areas and we intend to continue building momentum for significant and sustained growth in 2013 and beyond. Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think the broad answer is that this company has absorbed a lot of development risk over the last decade but now that we're coming out of it, we have a suite of technologies that we can harvest in a de-risked environment for the next decade or 2. And I think the 2 developments you alluded to, the third version of the 787 and the 777 would both be examples -- and the MAX to a certain extent, would both be examples of spiraling in some of these hard-fought technical maturities and gains that we've bled through over the last decade and we have a huge opportunity over the next decade or 2 in a lower risk environment to spiral in some of this technology and produce airplanes that we don't think our competitors can equal.
W. James McNerney: No, I mean, that's a fair question. I mean, I think one of the options, for example, with that airplane, and we're discussing this with our customers as we speak is to put a composite wing and a new engine on the current airframe. The kind of performance improvements that can be generated by the composite wing and new engines are pretty eye watering, okay? And building a composite wing of this size, an air foil of this size would not have been thinkable a decade ago. We could have only imagined the kind of efficiencies that it could provide us. We now know how to do that and I can't think of anyone else who does. So that would be an example of harvesting a 787 technology, applied technology in a second generation form, combining it with a current system that is known, understood, the fuselage and systems within the airplane to come up with something pretty special. So that's an example of one thing that we might do.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think the -- as you suggested, Howard, we have paid a lot of attention to productivity in both of our businesses but that approach, as in all businesses, needs to be refreshed and built upon all the time because the world is going to get more difficult, not less difficult, from a -- more for less, as I said in my remarks. And this partnering with our supply chain partners, partnering for success is the name of the program, is a way -- and it's an all fronts kind of approach, it's a way share processes to take time and effort out of things we do together. It's also a way to perform our best -- to reward our best performing partners, give them more work if they signed up for this kind of an approach. It also is very mindful of quality but its objective at the end of the day is to improve the operating margins of our business and to offset inflationary and pricing pressures that may come along. It's to control our own destiny and this is not a matter of stealing margin from our suppliers. It's not a zero-sum game. I've led enough Six Sigma efforts over my life to know that there's a lot of money in shared processes and there's a lot of money in analytical approaches if people start with the headset, with some right to left thinking that we got to get things done. So I'm discussing it at the CEO level with a number of our partners and it's down through our entire organization and I think we're going to make good progress over -- you'll start seeing it in the next year or so, and it'll be a multi-year program.
W. James McNerney: Yes, well as you said, Carter, you're starting -- and as we said at the beginning of the year, you'll start to see the cash engine picking up steam and you've seen that this quarter and we do expect that to continue going forward as we continue to grow and focus on productivity. Now, when it comes to cash deployment, first and foremost, priority is returning cash to shareholders. So we're looking at share repurchase and as I said, we will give you more clarity on that at the end of the year. From a dividend perspective, similar to what we've talked before, kind of a 20% to 40% payout of earnings looking at the yield. So that's again, a big focus for us. And then I'll say the pension contributions and others but first and foremost, returning cash to shareholders. And again, we'll give you more clarity on that. But you're seeing the momentum in the business and we expect that to continue.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think we basically have 3 learning curves in our factories right now producing the 787. There is the underlying in-line production that is now ramping up in Everett. There is in-line production in South Carolina and then there is change incorporation in Everett. In the 2 in-line production environments, we're seeing learning curve gains about as we had predicted. In some cases, maybe a little better but as predicted. I think in the refurb center, the EMC, where we're doing some rework on some of the older airplanes, we're also beginning to see a learning curve there. That is somewhat offset, however, by the fact that we did the easier-to-do airplanes first and now we're moving into some airplanes that require a little more work. And so we need that learning curve to hold production in the refurbishment operation. But overall, we're feeling good about the learning curve. And as more and more of our production, as Greg just pointed out, transitions to in-line production, we're fully confident that the learning curve that we projected is going to come true.
W. James McNerney: I think this was a very strong volume year for our Defense business, driven by international successes. Even without sequestration, it would be hard to beat that next year although I'm not giving guidance, I'm just saying it would be a challenge because of the absolute strength of the this year so unusual strength. So that is the literal answer to your question.
W. James McNerney: I think the mix will skew much more heavily toward in-line production next year. That's at the highest level. And obviously, feathering in -9 production as we're increasing rates will take some industrial engineering to get through and we've got a strong plan for it. And there is some -- there are some plans to feather it in and the plan is strong, is strong. We're in good shape there.
W. James McNerney: Well, we're a long way from making a decision on where we're going to build anything related to the -- well, the fuselage, obviously, will be built where it is but we're a long way away from making any decision on where we build the 777 wing, a long way.
W. James McNerney: Yes, we're pretty -- we're putting some -- we're crossing some Ts and dotting some Is but we're pretty much filled up for 2013 on the -8. So we're in pretty good shape. We moved the skyline around. I think as Atlas found some challenging business conditions, they did want to defer and cancel in one case, a couple airplanes but we're in good shape through 2013, Dominic.
W. James McNerney: Well we -- I don't know who you were talking to but everybody is entitled to their opinion, obviously. We're committed to working with our employees down in Charleston. I think the relationship between our team there and the management leadership is good. It's not clear to us they need representation. We like dealing directly with our employees. Having said that, as you know, we -- there are many elements of our employee base that are unionized and we work effectively with them as well. But I don't see the same thing whoever you talked to see. As a matter of fact, I feel great about the relationship between the leadership and the employees down there.
W. James McNerney: Well we are looking at the end of the decade, beginning of the next decade, kind of EIS but that's the assumption we're working with. Our customers would like it then or sooner. That gives us plenty of time to develop it. What we're really trying to do is choose the right configuration for the marketplace and we have a robust dialogue going on with our consumers right now to make sure we get it right. I'm confident that we have the technology in place to deliver a terrific airplane, as I mentioned earlier, and we're sorting it through, making sure we've got the right configuration. Then we'll get onto things like where we produce things, exactly when we'll introduce them.
Gregory D. Smith: Sam, right now, we're seeing it about in line with this year. Obviously, the 787-9 starts to ramp down, but the MAX ramps up but we're continuing, obviously, to make strategic investments in a lot of those products you discussed but we see it in line with how we'll finish up this year.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, Joe, as you said, from an ERISA perspective, we're over 100% funded. Understanding the pension expense that we talked about is noncash and we've made discretionary contributions and as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll continue to do that and assess that going forward. We're always looking at our reporting options certainly and to provide you with more visibility on how the core operating performance for the business is doing. And I think also, our liability-driven investment strategy continues to pay off. So we continue -- as I said, we continue to look at our reporting options and we'll do so going forward and we'll engage you guys on that.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, well later this year, we'll plan to give you some more clarity on that. And your question about buyback versus pension, I mean, that's -- again, when we look at our overall cash deployment strategy, we take that into consideration.
Gregory D. Smith: I don't know if you wouldn't appreciate it or not but it's the same things I have talked about before, Howard. Certainly from a BCA margin perspective, we got 787 and 747 dilution in the fourth quarter that will be higher than in the third. We do have additional investments in productivity tools and that's something we've been focused on. As we get ramping our way up to 10, as Jim talked about, we're looking for efficiencies across, so we're making some additional investments there. We obviously got some additional taxes because of the high deliveries in the back half. And then just some, obviously some risks and uncertainties and some prudence around the business growth that will take place in the fourth quarter. So kind of all the same things I've talked about before.
Gregory D. Smith: Well I think as we've retired risk, you've seen us retire risk, as we've kind of gone through this year, certainly set this up well for 2013. And again, kind of gets back to our focus on how we'll deploy that. So again, I think we got rate increases next year that we're watching closely but quarter-over-quarter, we're trying to de-risk that and I think we're doing a good job in that regard.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, well as I mentioned, Doug, this quarter we put in the initial investments for the MAX and some of that pricing. But the productivity on the program has been very good. Jim talked in his remarks and during Howard's question, about some of the other things that we are doing to drive productivity, to either maintain or improve margins on the core programs, but that's certainly a lever as we work through the initial blocks as we introduce the new airplanes. So I think we've got good plans in place to address that and I think this quarter is a good example as you've seen us extend it and have really, a material impact on the margins.
Gregory D. Smith: No, that's right. I mean, you're right. The NG kind of feathers off as we extend these blocks and the MAX picks up, but it's back to the productivity and the focus that we have on really driving that margin and offsetting some of those upfront investments.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, we're always looking for opportunities, Doug. And this initiative that Jim talked about is one that's a big priority for us and we're going to capture as much as we can out of that. And I think you’ll see that in the performance across the programs.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, Cai, if we can get more out, we will. But that's our current plan, to execute within that range. The team's obviously extremely focused on it. You're seeing they're making good progress. But as far as cash goes, we're comfortable with the guidance we gave you. And if there's opportunities there, we'll certainly let you know.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, we've taken that into consideration. Obviously, each of these deliveries has a different cash profile depending on how long they've been in the production system and when the order was taken. So it does vary, Cai, tail number by tail number and we've tried to take that into consideration with our cash guidance.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, so I mean, let me just kind of start from an operating perspective when I look at South Carolina and Everett combined because that's the impact that you're seeing in this unit cost progression. But we're seeing quality improvements across the board, about 35% reduction in Everett. Jobs behind schedule have improved as we get our work kind of back in sequence. So we're seeing about a 50% reduction there. And the amount of traveled work, which we talked about before, coming off final line is now down to about 125 jobs. So we're seeing improvements across the board operationally in Charleston and in Everett and you're seeing that in the deferred production growth that you saw 2Q versus 3Q. And that's -- as you know, that's kind of how that translate into what you see financially. On a unit cost or unit versus program basis, again, you're seeing improvement coming down the learning curve there. So overall, we're seeing improvements at both of the operations. They're at different levels of maturity right now, so Rob, so you can't necessarily compare a tail number to a tail number, but when we all get kind of up to full rate, we'll certainly be able to do that. And there's a lot of lessons learned coming back and forth between those 2 operations and we're taking full advantage of that.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, I mean, the slope really just continues as we ramp-up rate and combined with coming down that learning curve. And as I said, it'll peak in that kind of late '13, early '14. And then as we stabilize that full rate, it'll start to come down. So that's kind of how that would translate.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, well obviously, I'll give you more clarity on how we're thinking about that when we give '13 guidance but we're obviously just again, back to kind of what Jim said on the partnering for success with our -- we're focused on expanding margins across the enterprise and we're certainly aspiring to increase our net margin overall. As I talked to you about when we were at the conference, I think that is achievable. We've got some good plans in place but we've got to execute to those and I think up to now, we have done a good job doing that and we got to continue that focus going forward.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. So really, what drives this is ERISA. That's what drives the funding requirements and as I mentioned, we're at 100% funded now. And the pension is really just the cost of doing the business and is managed over a long term to match the liability. And as I discussed earlier, we have been proactive in changing our investment strategy some time ago. Fortunately, we did to really match our investment strategy with our liability and I think it's paying off. And in our -- we made a $1.5 billion discretionary this year and it is truly discretionary. It's not – we did minimum requirements this year and for next year. And as we think through cash deployment, we'll certainly consider it but as I said, first and foremost is ERISA funding and returning cash to shareholders.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, on the pension. If you were to assume kind of the current interest rate environment, it would essentially be flat to 2013. Obviously, that interest rate changes; there will be improvements to that, but that's how you would see it today.
Gregory D. Smith: That's about right. On a unit cost perspective, as I mentioned before, we're down about 50% going from kind of line 8 to line 66. So we're continuing to see improvement there and expect that to continue going forward in both Everett and in Charleston.
