Jim McNerney: Thank you, Greg. With a strong first quarter behind us, we remain focused on disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvements and meeting customer commitments. Our priority is going forward, are clear and consistent. The profitable ramp up in commercial airplane production, executing well on our development programs, driving efficiencies throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen our defense business and importantly providing increasing value to both our customers and our shareholders. Now we’d be happy to take your questions.
Jim McNerney: Yes, I think 777 you've heard my speech before Howard, unique airplane in terms of its capability and where its positioned in the market, so a real opportunity to manage this bridge well. So far so good, I think last year's performance was good, I think this year where we stand now we've got 25 orders and commitments in-hand today, that's roughly half or just short of half of what we're looking forward for the entire year. I mentioned the production skyline in '16, '17 and '18 and it's beginning to firm up. So we're increasingly confident that we can implement this bridge and it's important not only commercially and to keep the rate going, but as I mentioned in my comments, we're sort of feathering in some new technology on the current airplane, the ER, so it's tested and de-risked by the time we get to the X. So this bridge has lots of value for us, lots of value for our customers. So steady she goes.
Jim McNerney: No, what I would say is on budget slightly ahead on de-risking, in other words, things are -- we're spending about what we had planned, but the technical advances or the reliability that we're shooting for is coming in a little bit more robustly than we'd hope. And as you recall, we've got a development organization that is 100% focused on development now and that gives us much greater visibility and much more objectivity around these kinds of milestones.
Jim McNerney: Well, we don't mention commitments unless things are largely done. So things are largely done. And there is timing considerations and some cases driven by customer requirements and things and so we let the customer decide when to finally approve and release. But I have a very high degree of confidence in the 25 number.
Jim McNerney: Yes, I think we'll get a book-to-bill of one, I mean there -- when I look at the pipeline I look what's happened so far in the first quarter, that remains how I see it coming in. And I think that's a healthy sign after a number of years well above that, but remember a lot of the demand out there is replacement demand, new technology replacing old technology. We're in a technology cycle now we're not tied to GDP growth. We're tied to very favorable replacement economics and so half of our growth is replacement, the half is sort of new routes, new airlines opening up and new deliveries, more tied to GDP. But that's the nice thing about what innovation can do for you.
Jim McNerney: Yes, I think said another way, the replacement cycle numbers still work really well with oil at current prices. Remember we launched the 787 at roughly 25% lower oil prices than we have today. So we felt very confident then and we even more so do now in a higher oil price environment from then that is an attractive proposition for our customer. And as I said, the order trends relating more when you just look at the stats, you look at the R squared, the relate more to airline profitability than it does to temporary fluctuations in the dollar or in oil prices. And they might be very profitable now.
Jim McNerney: It's sort of rolling look back the specific back metric. I think this question, I started working this into our presentations when we -- this is the forego last sir -- back in the last dip and people were concerned likely so about that metric and we just sort of kept it in place. But just to my experience over the last decade, we have remained at bottom-ish part of the cycle, top part of the cycle. The last decade or so, we've remained below that historical average which is a good thing. We can breakout the number for you a little more finally if you like, but in general I think the point is valid through the cycles of last 10 years.
Jim McNerney: Listen, you're right, they decided not to go through with the election presumably because they felt they didn’t have the votes, but you'd have to ask them specifically about why they were through. We are very happy with our relationship with our teammates down in South Carolina, the site is technically and on manufacturing, certification, engineering basis doing very well, I am very pleased with its progress. But I also highly value the relationship that we all with our employees in Puget Sound. I mean we -- one group has a union and one doesn’t, we prefer to have a direct relationship with our employees but when they choose to have a union we want to work with them. So it's not either or, our task is to work with both environments and to grow them to their potential and so -- but very happy with developments down South Carolina that place is really doing well.
Jim McNerney: Didn’t see Airbus’ comments today, but it's the -- I think our supply chain has anticipated robust growth probably from both of us, they see the orders and the backlogs as we do, we spend a lot of time talking with our supply chain working on them with readiness. On readiness issues I should say we’ve announced 52, they count a little bit differently 60 is not -- is roughly the same as 52, 54, I've forgotten how the math works. But I think the supply chain is ready and we’ve spend a lot of time investing in getting them ready.
Jim McNerney: I think that all of the problems are not resolved. We do have a high confidence in the plan to resolve them, we have and it's because our people are deeply involved with them in the resolution. We don’t anticipate a lot of it being work through till the end of the second quarter. But it's -- we’ve all figured out a way to work together that it's not going to disrupt our production plans and we’re pleased to see their response now to getting this fixed.
Greg Smith: Yes, what I would say Cai when you look over that timeframe we have seen improved performance, in particular I noted on the 787-9 as they're coming down the learning curve in a very aggressive manner. And I think that goes to the lessons learned off the 787-8 and getting those into the production system. So that introduction of that airplane is going very well and as you know that will be close to half of our deliveries this year, so that smooth introduction is important. When you look quarter-over-quarter as you know, Cai, mix comes into play so we did have some early 787-9s actually the first two coming out of Charleston, so that played into the shift quarter-over-quarter. But I'd say fundamentally, again the program continues to make good improvements on unit cost, still got a long way to go but making good progress.
Greg Smith: Well, I mean Cai, we delivered the 30 airplanes which was the production rate, but it's disruptive, it added additional pressure obviously on deferred and you see by the growth in the deferred, we were able to offset some of that through our own productivity. But certainly it's been disruptive, there is recovery plans in place, we're part of that recovery, we're actively engaged with them and we don't see that impacting our deliveries through the balance of the year.
Greg Smith: I'd say roughly, Doug, it's about a third, a third, a third through breaking each one of those pieces down. Certainly as we talked about maintaining some higher employment as we work through incorporating reliability and driving productivity initiatives, obviously getting ready to de-risk for the 787-10 to 12 a month and the early introduction of the 787-9. And as you know you’ve been covering this business a long time, and this is about a smooth introduction you've seen on a wide body program and particularly one that is at record production rates. And that's attributed to really risk reduction effort and focus early on in the program. Some of the supplier negotiations that we talked about moving some of those to the right as we get more mature on the learning curve within those suppliers. And then some of the productivity initiatives as I've highlighted where we're really seeing opportunities to drive further value in the program over the long-term, but requires some upfront investment. Those are very good business cases. Those are absolutely the right thing to do to drive long-term profitability and cash for this program and those are obviously remain a top priority for us and at the same time we're looking for more opportunities to capture further productivity and cash that will require more investment. So, we're continuing to focus on that and again I think it's absolutely the right thing to do for the program and again, driving long-term profitability and that's the focus.
Greg Smith: I don't really look at it that way, Doug. I mean I look at the program as a whole. And the productivity focus is not just on the 787-9. It's across the entire value chain of 787-8 and 787-9, but again on the overall profile, when you combine the 787-8 to 787-9, we expect to be cash positive during 2015. So that hasn't changed, but the fundamentals, again are more across the entire either supply chain or internally, whether it's a 787-8, a 787-9 or a 787-10, where do we drive additional productivity.
Greg Smith: First to answer to your last question is no. As far as the introduction of this, we extend the block by 50 units this quarter and that investment that we talked about that's going to apply on the 777, eventually 777X, that cost is incorporated. So those are in our booking rates this quarter. I would tell you, very smooth introduction. When I say that proving out this technology outside the production system in an isolated -- again outside the mainstream production, proving it out, making it rate capable and then a smooth implementation as you're continuing to build 8.3 a month. So a lot of that prove out again risk reduction investment upfront but long-term profitability in the program, doing that outside the production system. So we've been doing that and that'll stay the plan to implement that into the mainstream production. So, I don't view that as high risk. I think the de-risking activity has been very prudent and if we see any issues along the way, we have a plan B or I'd say an off-ramp to continue with the current production system. So, I think the risk is very managed. Now, the opportunity obviously is increasing or reducing flow time, better quality and ultimately better unit cost. So, very good investments for us over the long-term of the 777 plus the 777X.
Greg Smith: Slightly down. And keep in mind too, Carter, escalation comes into play here that some of the productivity that came through in the booking rate, some of that was offset by escalation that impacted the booking rates across all the programs. But again strong productivity across all the programs. 
Greg Smith: Well, I mean, some of that Sam is just the fact that we're going up in rate. So there is some of that. The disruption we've talked about, again, the team has done a fantastic job managing through that disruption, reaching back into the supply chain and helping wherever we can help out. And there is recovery plans in place. So watch item, certainly been disruptive but certainly not something we see impacting the deliveries for the year.
Greg Smith: Yes, and I think F-18 and F-15 may have more legs to them yet to be proven than the last time I made that comment, so little bit more bullish there. But long-term, that is the way I look at it. The only other thing I'd add to that is that there are three or four major development programs that are in play right now, Long-Range Strike is one, tanker is another one, the U-class is another one and so there's some major programs and if we win our market -- sort of our market share's worth of those or maybe a little better, that will provide some upside to the equation you mentioned.
Greg Smith: No change, Ron. No change. I mean what you're really just seeing is just the timing of those. And as you've heard me talk about before, as you go up and rate obviously and with the strong order book we've seen more advances but the timing of those quarter-over-quarter very difficult to see a trend there. And you really got to look at it over a year-over-year and frankly over a 24 month period because of the size of those, some of those, as well as milestone payments, so very difficult to look at quarter-over-quarter base but no change. I would say as far as cash flow goes, the outlook for operating cash from us remains unchanged, and we still see strong cash flow this year, again greater than $9 billion and continued growth as we come out of '15 into '16. Advances are certainly a part of that, but just the core operating performance and the fact that our delivery rates will continue to go up as we deliver on the 5,700 airplanes. So our view on cash flow, again, is very solid and remains unchanged
Greg Smith: I wouldn't read anything into it, Ron. Obviously when we go through the design of the airplane, I won't pretend to be a design engineer here, but everything's taken into consideration as far as efficiency of the operating economics of the airplane and the weights and that gets taken into consideration, maturity of technology and obviously development costs and recurring costs to build the airplane. So those are a few things that obviously is important key factors we take into account when we're making tradeoffs between one type of I'll say application versus another.
Greg Smith: I kind of put it into three main areas, Myles. I mean R&D we do expect R&D to pick up a little bit in the back half, in particular 777X ramping up. We'll have more 787-9 deliveries, 787-9 deliveries and then with more 747s as well. So that's I'll say the dilutive impact for the margins going through the balance of the year. Having said that, obviously we got everybody extremely focused on continued good productivity and we will through the balance of the year. But it's really that mix that's driving it.
Greg Smith: Well, I would say traditionally as you know we're back loaded, but third quarter and fourth quarter will be heavier than first quarter and second quarter and again, progress payments, milestones, and then just delivery profile.
Greg Smith: Like I said, Rob, timing around advances in milestones can swing significantly quarter-over-quarter and as you said year-over-year. So that comes into play, as well as, as I said, delivery mix and even the way the orders are profiled through the balance of the year. So again, the outlook on cash flow for this year unchanged. Greater than $9 billion, that's what everybody's focused on generating. Again, quarter-over-quarter, you're going to see variance in there. And those elements I described are really what the big shifts in quarter-over-quarter; I'll say fluctuation you're going to see. But nothing's changed on the cash flow, Rob and we continue to remain extremely focused and I think you've seen, $2.5 billion share repurchase in the quarter alone I think should give you some idea of the confidence we have in executing to our business plan and just the overall business environment and executing on the total backlog.
Greg Smith: We don't anticipate any change from what we talk about when we gave guidance. So again, I see advances about flattish year-over-year from 2014. But those are all scheduled. We know where they're timed and we know where they're coming from and we have the confidence that we'll obtain all those as we normally do. So, I don't see any change there.
Greg Smith: I mean our estimates taken all that into consideration on first flight as well as completing the balance of the airplanes. Certainly there is work left to be done here and we’re going to get the airplane into the air sometime this summer and that will be fully militarized and we’ll see how that goes and continue to execute the balance of the program. There is no change to the financial position on program at this point. Operator, we have time for one last question.
