Dave Calhoun: Yes. We believe we're on a real improvement track with respect to engineering and manufacturing of our products and ultimately, the predictability of our business with respect to our commercial customers. We also believe strongly in our defense product line and the prospects for defense orders and growth in the relatively near to medium term. So, that's it. I'll turn it over to questions. Let's go.
Dave Calhoun: Well, we believe based on all of our interactions with the FAA and our own engineering unit members and others that we have sufficient data to make our case and recertify or certify this airplane in accordance. So we have a reasonably high level of confidence in that, and I don't expect any significant sort of banter around that. But I can't be absolute about it. We're going to go through the process. I just know that there's been a lot of involvement on both sides and a lot of working together in this process and get into the package we've submitted.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So we always think about this in two ways. One is that, that inventory opportunity I just described, and we've got to work on getting those delivered. And then, of course, the production rate that we're essentially at 31 a month. Our biggest job right now is to stabilize around that rate. The teams are working hard. They deal with supply constraints that pop up every now and then, but we got to be stable around 31 and then anything else is going to be a future decision that we're not prepared to take, because we just want to get confidence in what's right in front of us. The good news is that there's plenty of demand that we can fulfill. And while we're watching the supply chain very closely, we feel good about where that particular program stacks up.
Dave Calhoun: Yeah, let me take that one. It's a very tricky question. And I don't want to speak for our counterparty in any way. Part of our 777X move out into 2025 was to incorporate exactly whatever observations that you took account of to incorporate all the learnings we've had from our cert programs, the original MAX, the 87, now the -7 and then the -10. So we keep trying to incorporate all our learnings, and it is definitely a more rigorous process that we're all going through. Everything has to be completed. Every, I has to be dotted, and every T has to be crossed. And now we're all getting used to it. So on the subject of whether that's a mature process or not, boy, I hope so. And I believe we're all better off for it. I don't like all the difficulties we've had to go through to get here, but so far, so good. And I know, I think the FAA has enough, rigor in what they're doing. But with every next cert, I think we're all going to learn that it's just going to take a little longer. It's going to be a little more thorough than it's ever been.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. I don't -- I've never seen this, and I have yet to run into an issue where we have not been resourced adequately on the programs. This is always boiled down to the time lines, and we go through these time lines every week. So the time lines have always been impacted by the rigor of the discussion between ourselves and our counterparty, the FAA on what's needed, what data is required, what's needed to demonstrate a certain point or to write fully the development assurance program. A lot of writing, a lot of documentation, very thorough, et cetera. It has not been about whether we've had enough engineers to do the development work or to -- or even to write the technical work. So more focus, more resources on programs is always helpful. But that's not been the constraint so far, and I don't expect it to be the constraint. I think our push out on the 777X with respect to the reallocation of resources, frankly, the biggest beneficiary of that is going to be the traditional metal wing, 777 and our ability to just run some more airplanes through that -- through the line in the midst of the demand that we're seeing. So on the reallocation question, that's where I see the benefit the most. We have to really see it on the cert programs themselves.
Dave Calhoun: It's a great question. I hope I never get there. First and foremost, with respect to the original legislation, there was a lengthy window put in there based on historic certification timetables that would have provided for the seven and 10 easily. So these things have taken longer. The intent of that legislation was never to stop the derivative product line with respect to the MAX. So I believe our chances are good with respect to getting legislative relief. It doesn't mean we'll get them. And if we don't, it's a problem. On the other hand, demand for the MAX is substantial. And we have other airplanes and substitution that we could implement. And that decision has to get made sometime between now and the end of the year. Don't feel the need to do it now. I'm still pretty focused and our company is pretty focused on getting the -10 certified and in our customers' hands. They love everything about the airplane. That's doing incredibly well on the development program itself. So it's a good question. It's the right question, and we have to make sure our decisioning and thought process is ahead of where we think things end up at the end of the year.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. So Ron, let me start by hoping that you haven't missed the restructuring of our engineering organization. We -- it's the first thing I did. It wasn't to address the issue you're talking about because I don't attribute all of our issues and specific instances and write-offs to engineering shortfalls. I don't -- I never have. But we did restructure engineering to, in effect, reinforce, build our safety management system in a different way with a different outlet so that people could voice concerns and call out engineering disciplines as appropriate. And it's worked, and it's been fantastic. And we've benefited from the ideas that have moved from the BDS to BCA, et cetera, et cetera. So we've been beneficiaries of what I think is a significant restructuring. We are hiring. We are doing, I think, a terrific job on that front. It is not easy. So I don't want anybody to think otherwise, but we have had a pretty successful hiring program, a pretty successful retention program on that front. But when we look at the write-offs that we've taken, let's say, this quarter, for instance, these fixed price development contracts that we took were taken before COVID existed and before this inflationary spiral came ripping down the road. So I don't attribute that to engineering shortfalls. And I don't attribute our certification issues and time lines to engineering shortfalls in any way. Our airplanes are flying incredibly well. Our 777X made it to Dubai, made it to Singapore and a gangbuster show. Everyone loved it. It's flying beautifully. It's meeting all of the requirements that we laid out. But the process of discovery between ourselves and our certification or our regulators around the world, it's different. It's changed. It's got to be thorough, and it's got to be good. So I don't accept the premise entirely that you put forward in the question. But please don't miss the fact that we have restructured and we are building our engineering function. I've always believed it's strong. I believe it's going to be even stronger.
Dave Calhoun: Yeah. So it's a great question, Doug. Yeah, I will have a very different philosophy with respect to fixed price development. And so I don't expect, and I hope never to contribute to that issue. But we are where we are. And let me also say, because I was on the Board at the time the T-7 and MQ-25 programs were taken, and yes, they were written off the day we took them knowing that we would be investing a fair amount of our own money in the future of those airfreight. I will tell you this. I think those are going to be really good bet even though the development costs are more than we had anticipated. When we get through them all and deliver on those contracts, those airplanes don't go away. There are futures attached to them and big programs in our view that involve many, many airplanes. And I think both airplanes are going to be very successful in supporting our military. So the futures with respect to real airplanes making real margins and contributing to The Boeing Company, I still believe strongly in. And then I'll just -- as I think I said earlier in my CNBC interview, Air Force One, I'm just going to call a very unique moment, a very unique negotiation, a very unique set of risks that Boeing probably shouldn't have taken. But we are where we are, and we're going to deliver great airplanes. And we're going to recognize the costs associated with it. With respect to inputs, yes, it's predominantly COVID related inefficiency because I'll remind us in the defense world, when a COVID line goes down or a group of workers steps out, we don't have a whole bunch of cleared people to step into their shoes. So it has always been a tougher implication. And for VC-25B, where the clearances are ultra high, it's really tough. So we just got whacked in a number of different areas. Where you started is a great question and one that I hope I never contribute to.
Dave Calhoun: Well, that's a -- it's a big question for the last one, but I'm very willing to take it on. You know the circumstance under, which I came into the role. It all happened in a period of weeks, and I simply took on the objectives that had been set program by program inside the business. And I discussed with the Board that I would not in any way, shape or form hold that compensation program hostage to what I do with The Boeing Company. I would simply do what's right. I would simply pursue the programs, operate them the way I think they should be. If there are improvement opportunities that would compromise my ability to make one of those deliveries then that's what I would do. So -- and that's what I've been doing. And I have been resetting expectations every step of the way the best I can. We have certain things in the world that we can't predict that frustrates everyone. I get it. But what we do is we just keep trying to improve and get better and get back to a normalized rate of cash flow for you, cash flow for us. And I'm highly confident in our ability to do that, and I'm highly confident in the Boeing people to do it. So I don't want to recalibrate expectations other than timing questions and real-world stuff around how regulators approach certification. These are real. They take a little longer than they used to. They're a little more thorough than they used to. Boeing is better for it in the long run. And every one of these programs lasts for decades and decades, every one of them. And that's how I think about everything I do inside The Boeing Company. I think my Board understands it, and I trust that they will evaluate me on that basis whether or not compensation schemes are perfectly aligned.
Brian West: Yes, I'll take the last one. We see no need as we think about both near-term and midterm any need for that type of event. We feel very comfortable with our liquidity position and the balance sheet. We know that as we get more progress on really accelerating cash flows, that will -- that derisking will change, and we'll talk about that later as we meet some of these milestones. But we don't see any need to tap lines, add debt or anything else of that nature as we stand here today. In terms of the cash flow for the year, look, 2Q will be better than 1Q. And it's probably pretty obvious, but -- and the second half will accelerate. So I'm not going to put a discrete number on 2Q. It will be better. But the full year, we will generate cash flow. And everything is pretty much lined up, as we talked about last quarter, puts and takes, but overall, confident with where we think we're going to land for the year.
Brian West: I think, recency effect, it seems like it's in that 10 to 12, but it's too hard to tell right now, given it's a dynamic world. We're very comfortable where we stand right now. And as we start to put points on the board with delivery and execution, all of that will be a rich discussion that we can't wait to have with you.
Brian West: Yes. So I'll take that one. It is on the 115 in inventory in the 87. As we have described that abnormal cost, it's going to substantially be done by the end of 2023, which will also correspond with the liquidation of that inventory. So that -- nothing has really changed on that front. In fact, we probably feel a little bit more confident as we're starting to look at clean airplanes. On the 37 consistently, we've got 320 in inventory at the end of the quarter. We hate that it's that high. But the flip side of that is that, we'll be able to meet some pretty robust demand that's out there in the marketplace. And that, again, will likely liquidate over the course of between this year and next, and that has not changed.
Brian West: So we derisk China, just to put that one aside, as Dave mentioned. The first quarter deliveries were a little light versus what we expected. And we probably won't get quite all the way there in the calendar year count, but that's just timing. Like I said, we've got plenty of finished goods inventory. We've got the rate where we want it. So we may not quite get there. But again, the momentum month in, month out has gotten better. And we feel confident that if you don't quite get there this year, it's just going to be timing to the next, which we're perfectly comfortable with. And again, that's been, all factored into our cash flow updated look and still believe that we will be cash flow positive in the year. As it pertains to the -10, right now, it's -- all the energy and focus is on certification. And really that one won't disrupt our near-term projections.
Brian West: We don't need the 10. Believe me, the demand is there. And we delivered 37 MAXs last month in the month of March, and we're working our way towards momentum. So we feel pretty good that the trick for us is to stay focused on that production rate of 31 a month and make it stable and dependable and reliable. We de-risked the China piece. The -10 isn't contemplated in the near-term. So if we just execute at that level, we feel pretty good.
Brian West: I would say, the 87 from a cash margin standpoint, they're still positive. They're down, obviously. But the future, it's going to get significantly better once the delivery start rolling. So i.e., that program is perfectly fine. And of course, the 37 is strong. We might have some mix in there around any given quarter. And of course, we had a couple of charges related to abnormal period costs and things like Ukraine, but those are kind of isolated. I think going forward, as we get deliveries going on 3787, those cash margins will accrue and accrete. And then the 87, some of the moves we're making, we feel pretty good about getting the metaling freighter going to fill the factory and satisfies demand. So overall, we think that BCA margins are headed in the right direction, and they're going to follow deliveries.
