Matt Welch: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter 2022 earnings call. I am Matt Welch and with me today are Dave Calhoun, Boeing's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian West, Boeing's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at boeing.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. Projections, estimates and goals we include in our discussions this morning involve risks, including those described in our SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement disclaimer at the end of this web presentation. In addition, we refer you to our earnings release and presentation. [Technical Difficulty]
Matt Welch: Yes. Thanks, Dave. Before we start the Q&A, as I noted at the beginning of this call, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. Projections, estimates and goals we include in our discussions this morning involve risks, including those described in our SEC filings and in the disclaimer at the end of this web presentation. Please also refer to those materials for a reconciliation of certain non-GAAP measures. With that, as Dave said, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Matt Welch: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. This completes our second quarter 2022 earnings call.
David Calhoun: Yes, I'll keep them brief. We do believe we're in the middle of a momentum shift. We're all anxious and looking forward to delivery of our important airplane, the 787. Again, a reminder of how well it is performing in the field, and therefore, this delivery stream is critically important to our customers. So I'll leave it with that, and turn it over to Q&A.
David Calhoun: Yes, Doug. So why don't I start with 87 predictability? So like we said and like you acknowledged, we can't give you a date. But what we do track is all the work, any issues that the both teams have wrestled with over this time. And we are approaching closure on all of that. The number of documents, the number of analyses, the number of sign-offs has progressed at a fairly rapid rate here toward the close. So we see that documentation phase, which has been a lion's share of the phase, as closing relatively soon and then, therefore, the readiness of airplanes, which we have been working on at exactly the same moments simultaneously, has also been in shape to the point where customers are climbing around the airplanes and making certain that they are also ready for delivery and acceptance. So all that's coming together. And yes, the FAA remains in control, but there's just enough workload on sort of both fronts, readiness of the airplane and the documentation and certification requirement that we just feel like we're on the verge and are reasonably confident in that front. So that's why I feel different this time. And I will acknowledge, Doug, that we have felt like it was at near term in previous periods, but not with the same level of due diligence that I feel now. On the MAX delivery front, let me turn it over to Brian. He's got all the numbers.
David Calhoun: So let me discuss the engine-related. It is a very important issue to be resolved, and it is not yet resolved, that structural casting part of the puzzle. You may recall 2 or 3 meetings ago at this, I acknowledge that would eventually be the issue. And of course, it is. So that capacity is limited. It's not just about money, it's qualification. It's one of the toughest components inside the supply chain to ultimately get to a qualified status as well as just the sheer physical capacity to do it. So I do think we all have to moderate our rates to make sure that we are ahead of that. And I do think the work that we've done, unfortunately, our choice not to move up to 38 here as soon as we had originally predicted is honestly based on that constraint. But I do believe we're at a state now we're at 31, we're comfortable the industry can get there and maybe have already gotten there. And then we're going to watch as they qualify more capacity going forward to make -- before we pull those rates up. So is it medium and long term? Somehow some way that constraint in my view in the next 3 to 5 years has to get solved itself. Some investment has to get made, and capacity has to expand for the engine suppliers to keep up with what I believe will be continued robust demand. So that may not be a satisfactory answer, but that is the reality of the world I've lived in for the last 20 years. So -- and then with respect to the other parts of the question, I'll flip it over to Brian again.
David Calhoun: No, I'll answer that. The answer is, I don't know when that will happen. Stability at 31 and then confidence that engine suppliers will have their castings in order and can predict a steady delivery at 38, that will then initiate us to say now it's 38. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Stability for me is still job 1, and that's what we'll stay focused on. Do I think it will be better next year? Yes, but I don't know exactly when, and I don't want to get ahead of myself.
David Calhoun: Before Brian gets in the -- it's never about any supplier. It's about 1 or 2 that surprised you one way or the other. And with respect to medium or longer-term rate increases or changes, yes, it does actually get down to that engine supplier, and it does get down to those castings. So we have to be confident that they are ready and that we can count on those deliveries. So anyway, that is the world we live in now.
David Calhoun: Well, first of all, we're doing our very best to be transparent, and we are always informing them that -- when we get closed. How much lead time? I don't know, 3 or 4 months if it's a formal designation. But I think they're all -- like you said, I think a lot are prepared to get to those higher rates. But we need a few specific ones to be ready to get to those higher rates. And I -- sorry to keep coming back to that, but that's really where it is. I think we have our eye squarely focused on the constraint that matters the most. And as that plays out, you'll probably know as fast as I do, and then we'll let that go to the rest of the market. I think the rest of the market will respond quickly.
David Calhoun: I do not. I do not. And I've also asked that question many times. So I think we're in a good place. Again, I'm going to follow up just quickly with Brian's comment. We're not playing a game. We are working as hard as we can to get to stability in a tough environment. We chose that November meeting as a moment to sort of say, okay, where are we on stability, what is the framework for cash flow over the course of the next year. We're looking forward to that day and that meeting. And I think at that moment in time, a lot of these variables will have resolved themselves, and we can give you a much a much clearer view of what the future looks like.
David Calhoun: And then with respect to China in November, I will give you the update. You will probably be as up to speed every week between now and then as I am because it does require a bit of a thawing and geopolitical break between China and the U.S., so at any rate. In the meantime, we do deliver airplanes occasionally to China based on pure need. And those are mostly widebodies and mostly cargo.
David Calhoun: And again, the average of 31 with respect to production is a clear objective of ours. Anything short of that will be disappointing. Our real objective though is to make that a stable rate in each of the months, and we're not there yet. So be careful to extrapolate any 1 month.
David Calhoun: Well, that's -- well, I've been trying to encourage them for a very, very long time. Honestly, I think it's going to be, as is always the case, they're going to increase their margins. My guess is it will be considerable. I don't know all their contract timings and all their relationships with our engine suppliers. But you know how hard they're going to be working. And when those margins get to a point where everyone believes it's worth investing a significant amount of money, that's what they'll do. And I suspect that day will come. And I will encourage the industry in that way. And they're going to have to believe in our demand forecast, which, so far, I think we've been highly credible with respect to the long-term demand forecast for airplanes. So on the -- on all those readiness questions and investments, we are -- you're right to ask the question because we've said to everybody if you're in pursuit of predictability, then you have to invest in all those buffer stocks. And you have to stay ahead of this curve in every way that we possibly can. And I'd say it's marginally more investment-intensive, but not enough to honestly make that big a difference for us going forward, especially when you compare it to our investment in finished goods inventory, which right now is a bit of an all-time high. And I will also -- we haven't talked about it, just mentioned to everybody that while none of us like how we got here, if you are faced with a bunch of supply constraints as a market over the next couple of years, having over 400 airplanes that are finished at your fingertips, and yes, they're hard to get out and get ready and back into the marketplace, is a pretty good buffer in and of itself and allows us to exercise a little extra discipline on the stability front as we begin to march up that curve over the next 18 months. So anyway, I don't want that to get lost as a buffer overall.
David Calhoun: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. And we've been bullish on international opportunities. I am more bullish now than I was when I even began, and I was -- again, I was optimistic there. And it is because of the world we see in front of us. It does take a couple of years to take the threats that are out there that manifest themselves into real orders and sort of long commitments. And I -- but I suspect that's the way this world will turn here in the next couple of years. We had some early shore indications from those closest to the conflict. Our Chinook victory here came faster than maybe we would imagine. Why? Because our customer is right next to the front. So I am optimistic on the program specifically that you called out. They might be on the leading edge of that demand curve. But it's not going to happen in the next 6 months, and it's not going to -- it will take us probably a year to get to where that demand begins to manifest into real orders.
David Calhoun: Well, there are awful lot of irons in the fire. And like you, I try to compare and contrast how many irons in the fire now versus where they were. Certainly in the COVID period, significantly hotter. But even in that prior '19 world, there's just a lot of irons in the fire, and there's already a concern about supply constraints. So you know what that mix ends up doing. And then I will just add to that puzzle. You know the sustainability constraints. And while you may be skeptical and maybe I am too about renewal or taking airplanes out of service, I think that day is on us. And I think that's going to be real in the years ahead. You'd be surprised how many of the orders, particularly in the mature markets like Europe, et cetera, where that is the discussion more than any other, which is we need to improve the sustainability performance of our fleets otherwise, we're going to lose ground. I will point, if you don't mind, to a tool we introduced at the show called Cascade, which is a measure of emissions for every airplane every day for everybody. And it's meant to be an open tool for the industry to use to think about policy changes and all those things that are going to incent the renewal of fleets and the improvement on this front. That tool is a tool that we'll show you in our November meeting, and it's one I hope you'll use because I do think that changes the -- that rate of retirement in a pretty big way.
David Calhoun: Yes. No, exactly. But those 25-year-olds -- I believe the pressure on this will not subside. It will grow, and policies will get written. I think our trick here, honestly speaking, for the industry for a moment and as you get familiar with the tool that I'm referring to and think about this, our trick is to make sure that policy with respect to the environmental and sustainability performance of the aviation fleet does not get so far ahead of the industry that it stopped the music. We've seen that happen in the energy world a little bit. I don't want to see that happen in the aviation world. So that's why this tool is important to us. Incent the retirement of some of the old, less efficient airplanes. And yes, that's good for us and good for the industry, but also educate the policymakers so they don't get so far ahead that it begins to constrain the industry's growth.
David Calhoun: Well, so far, I'm not sure I can draw the correlation all the way to retirement, but I -- this general recession thing so far hasn't impacted our aviation industry. Will it at some moment? Maybe. Price elasticity has been remarkable as I look at things. And demand for air travel, I think, has been prioritized fundamentally to a higher slot in the consumers' list of priorities. So anyway, I'm not smart enough to draw a perfect line between one and the other, but I believe that the retirement world is going to change in a pretty big way.
Brian West: Yes. So thanks, Doug. So the low 400s, we think the balance of the year, we'll satisfy the cash flow requirements to do their fair share of that total picture. So we think that's pretty well aligned. In terms of what's coming out of inventory versus the production line, our biggest objective on both fronts is to do both in a stable manner. And as you can see from our numbers, we've been doing about 10-ish out of storage this last quarter. We continue to get a little bit better on that front. So that's something that we're going to work hard on as we turn the corner in the second half of the year. So both are very important and doing both in a stable, predictable manner gets to that low 400 for the year. I will also indicate there's 3 really other important levers of the cash flows in the back half as a bridge from the first half. You mentioned the big 2, the 37 and the 87 deliveries. But there's also going to be favorability, timing from BDS receipts that will work to our favor. There'll be favorability of expense timing that will accrue to us. And there will be higher order activity in advance payments, particularly driven by the 777 adjustments that we made last quarter. Remember, we added metal wing capacity and the launch of the 777X freighter version. And all of those benefits are going to manifest themselves in helping the cash trajectory in the second half versus the first half. So those are the big pieces that we think about.
Brian West: Yes. For rate, production rate, I wouldn't worry about China. As Dave -- and we've continually talked about, we enjoy a pretty robust demand market. And the China delivery and when that happens, it's separate from our ability to move rate given the other demand in the marketplace. So I think I separate those 2. It's not a pacing item.
Brian West: Yes. So in the short term, it will be a little bumpy as we start to roll out the 87s and continue to get confidence in our stability in 37s. But over time, when we get to a point where both are stable and operating where we expect them to, the margin rate is going to go up. I can't predict the number. I won't predict the number, but they are going to get better and better because we are going to be more predictably in a stable fashion to be able to deliver on both fronts, anyway.
Brian West: June, we're proud of the 43 that we're able to deliver. I want to caution everyone, as you remember, April was 28. May was 29. I just indicated that July is going to be a little light. So I don't want us to get ahead of ourselves in terms of taking the June rate and extrapolating it. That would be a mistake. Month in and month out, we're aiming at stability around 31. Some months might be a little lower, some months might be a little higher. When we look at the whole balance to go and the things we're watching, we feel comfortable in that low 400 number. And hopefully, it will be better, but that's right now we're squaring to.
Brian West: Yes, sure. So your last question, can't wait for November to be able to give you more detail around that, and we'll wait until November. And then on your question on the 87 number, we're not going to give a number on that front. We want to get to one. And we're really excited to get to one as fast as we can. And once that plays out, we'll get more visibility. But it's a little too early to quantify that. Clearly, we've got an expectation that we're going to liquidate some 87s over the course of the second half, but I'm just a little cautious to stick a number out there.
Brian West: So we -- that balance did come down this quarter, and we do expect it to come down. It will. It will be the excess PDP burn down that will come down. But it gets offset by the benefit of incoming PDPs and order receipts. And we love that, right? There's a lever of our business that accrue to us. And the more we do that, the more we've got airplanes going and commitments and orders to our customers. So -- but overall, the trajectory will have to fall quarter in, quarter out. It's hard to peg because of that accretive offset.
Brian West: Well, I'm not going to comment on $10 billion. I do know that there has to be the burn down of the excess, and that will happen over time. And we do our best to try to isolate that as terms of our projections. On the other hand, the benefits of order volume is something that we benefit from as well. So it has been flattish over the last several quarters. It's been taking small chunks down, and we expect it to continue to come down. But I can't call it an order of magnitude of a $10 billion drop the way you're suggesting. There's just too many dynamics in there, and I'm reluctant to make those kind of statements.
Brian West: So I'll take the second part of that. I think that reliably month in, month out, we'll aim at 31. Anywhere from 8, 10, 12 is the range on liquidity from inventory. It could be in that kind of mix. And that gets you to the low 400s for the total year is the way I would think about it. I don't think the pieces go much below 8 coming from inventory, and I probably don't think we'd do better than 12 in any given month. But we will modulate between that and the production rates as we go into the back half of the year.
Brian West: Yes. Because, I mean, you really got to get a level we've never seen before to get these 2,000 planes out. And I mean if I even just look at Delta and your recent order with Delta, they're not taking the MAX 10 till 2025. Right now, they've got 65 [MAX 7s] that are over 25 years old.
