David Calhoun: Greg, thanks. Thanks to everyone on the other end of this line. I want you to know I'm as excited as I can be about taking on this challenge. I wish the moment was different, but we can get through this moment and we will get through this moment. I'm confident in this airplane. The MAX is a sound airplane. We believe we're going to deliver the safest airplane in the sky, and we're committed to do just that and I know our regulator is as well. So with that, and again, open this line up to questions. And I want to thank Greg for the last time since now we're partners. But at any rate, he has really stood tall in this big transition process, and I appreciate it.
David Calhoun: Yes. In the first couple of weeks, when I've talked with most of our large customers, they get to tell me whatever they want. They do still believe in the value prop of this airplane. They believe in everything about the airplane, and it means a lot, but I've heard it firsthand.
David Calhoun: Well, let me maybe answer that question a little differently because I get a lot of media attention around the idea that I'm somehow an insider. What if I change that a little bit? What if I told you I simply had a front row seat to everything you saw? And so all the things I read and see and hear, make no mistake, they all have an impact, they have an effect, and I get a front row seat. And ultimately, our Board took action as a result of it. And now I'm the one sitting in the operating seat. So I don't want it to be lost on anybody. I know we've got things to work on and changes to make. I treasure my relationship across the industry with customers and with regulators and others. And when they tell me something, I believe them. I always fault to believing them. And so the work we have to do internally to restore all those confidences and, yes, modify our culture, you can bet I'm working on it. I don't think I see it any differently than you probably do. I might put a nuance here and there, but I think I know the job at hand and that's exactly what I'm going to do. I got to restore trust, confidence and faith in The Boeing Company.
David Calhoun: Yes. No, I don't. I know that in airplane type by type, sometimes you got to lead, sometimes you don't. But in the family and ultimately the performance of this MAX and the feedback I get from our customers, I'm not actually worried about that. All that said, we're in the airplane development business, and we're going to stay in the airplane development business. So we're going to keep looking at what the next one needs to be. I want to make sure everyone understands that me not immediately signing up to the NMA is not -- is me not wanting to do new airplanes. We'll do one. And I don't want to even suggest or convey to you that it's anywhere near the narrowbody fleet we have today. I don't see big deficiencies there. On the other hand, I'm going to -- I'm just simply going to listen to customers and markets. It's been over 2 years since we started that whole discussion. I'm going to refresh it every way I can think of, along with my new commercial airplane leader, and then we'll get out with new news. But honestly, right now, it's all about the MAX, getting it up. And yes, I believe in the product.
David Calhoun: That's a big question. Yes. So first of all, let's go back to what happened. So the MCAS design failed to deal with a boundary condition in an environment we should have known something about. The regulators made the same mistake. There are engineering disciplines that you can and should apply to that question that I think can get fixed relatively quickly. I don't think culture contributed to that miss. I think simply disciplines did. The question with respect to training recommendations and the horrible IMs that people would like to think all of Boeing writes, really was relegated to a relatively small group of folks, but it wasn't detected. The system didn't apparently listen or watch for things like that, and it didn't react appropriately. And I have to do everything in my power to make sure going forward that it does. Listening starts with leadership, and it starts with me. And I think we need to do more of it. And then slowly, steadily, you change culture. People want to believe in that, and they will. They are all good engineers. They are all -- they all follow disciplined processes. And let's not mistake, this plane, this 777X, tested more technology, tested our patience, tested our disciplines in every way you can think of. And we did it successfully on that first flight, and we will move it through a certification process that will be more rigorous than history has ever seen. And we'll get to that finish line, and we'll fly it. And if you looked at that product and sat near or in or flew in it, you'd be impressed with everything about Boeing, I promise you. So this thing isn't entirely broken. Leaders have a massive role to play in setting culture, setting the stage for how to fix a culture. And I have to demonstrate that one step at a time, every inch of the way. I don't have to convince anybody that safety is in the best interest of every stakeholder and including investors. It is. It's perfectly obvious to everyone. So I have no convincing to do on that front. I will have no competing priorities as we step forward. And so I hate to reduce it to things that's simple, but I think that's what it's all about.
David Calhoun: I'd like to follow on. I like everything about the portfolio of products that we field, widebody and narrowbody. The trade deal matters a lot. And I believe if it is what I think it is and our Chinese customers come back and we rebuild the relationship we've always had and enjoyed with them, I think that is a major stimulus. Secondly, this industry has been supply chain limited and constrained. And I believe that some of the actions have been taken on Boeing's side of that process. During this pause, some of the readiness questions that we -- I believe, are being fixed. I think that supply chain will begin to alleviate itself, and I don't think we'll be as supply-constrained going forward as we have been to date. And now I'm trying to speak for the industry, not just for us. So I am optimistic from lots of angles, but I think those are the big ones.
David Calhoun: Well, one, Doug -- so thanks for the question. As you said, I remember looking at this chessboard all the way back in 2000. Didn't turn out actually as different with the exception of the MAX pickup, as you might think. We are on a very long cycle world. Getting decisions right is way more important than getting them fast. So I make no mistake about that. The MAX itself has to be my priority over the course of this year. It's important from a lot of points of view. One, the economics of our institution rely in a significant way on it. Rebuilding the relationships with our customers and our regulator in the process of getting the MAX back up is also critically important. We will always be dependent on those relationships. And then finally, with respect to new airplane development, I don't think anybody will enjoy working on that more than I will. I just want to get exactly the right airplane for the market that's out there. And I want to refresh our view as to what it is. The last 2.5 years have been tumultuous. It has tested some of the -- in my view, some of the edges of demand on all types of airplanes. And so we had to learn from that. But I will not hesitate to move forward on it. And I think creating competitive advantage in that next airplane, I think I have more tools to work with than I've ever had in my previous life. So at any rate, I have confidence in all of that. But I don't want to -- going back to your original question, I don't want to confuse anybody in the process. The fact that I will be focused on the MAX, the fact that I will talk about that almost exclusively across Boeing over the course of this coming year is not an indication that I'm going to start anything going forward. It is simply a necessity for us. We got to get it out there, and we have to get our confidence back and get on the front of our feet. And so, again, that's mostly what you'll hear from me, but don't get confused by it, please.
David Calhoun: Yes, it's too early to think that way. While I might conjure up a notion here in my head, I'm going to listen to an awful lot of people before I do. And I'm also going to be certain that all the investments that are required to stand up our engineering function, have everybody regain their confidence and, again, simply believe in the safety of every airplane that The Boeing Company puts forward, I don't want to -- I'm not going to jump to that conclusion now. I'm simply going to get through this moment, restore our confidence and then projections will follow.
David Calhoun: I might just add, the -- their rate in return in these early months will be ahead of ours, and that's by design simply because we want the protection in our factories so that we never travel work. That's actually an important discipline that we will reinstall with our MAX line. And they will be the beneficiary to that as they, as I said, accelerated at a faster rate.
David Calhoun: And if the question relates to this certificates by airplane, which, of course, is going to be a new and very, I think, tightly run process, of course, that involves us and the FAA. And I think we've provided for plenty of room for that process to unfold methodically and not with too much pressure on it. So that's important in the way we've laid out our time line.
David Calhoun: I just will reiterate because I think it does matter. That philosophy, one at a time, is reflected in what we have built into this set of financials and our expectations. So I hope we can go one at a time at a rate that exceeds those expectations, but we're not going to think about it that way. We're simply going to get to every next airplane.
Gregory Smith: Yes. No, Carter, look, I think first go to the backlog. And we've got 4,400 aircraft in backlog, and this has been a very challenging time obviously for our customers, but folks want the airplane. And the value proposition the airplane brings into the market is unchanged. So look, we're in a grounded period, and we realized the strain that's put on the customers. So we're monitoring that closely. But the value proposition of the franchise still remains intact. And like I said, Dave said, the focus right now, safely get this thing back in the air, and we're going to do it one airplane at a time, as Dave has said, and ensure that we have this production system stable as we move up and delivering on our commitments to our customers.
Gregory Smith: Yes. Yes. Well, I think on the widebody side, we talked about kind of where we see the rate profiles today. And I think, as we said, we think it's prudent, considering the outlook and some of the global, I'll say, trade dynamics and the timing associated with taking a trade deal to a point of actually a delivery in a skyline, we still got some steps to work our way through. So I think we're being prudent here and looking at the marketplace in that time and moderating those rates. Now having said all that, there's still great demand for the widebody franchises, and you see that in the backlog and you see that in the market outlook. So I think the potential there going forward continues to be strong. On the narrowbody, in 2022 under these assumptions we talked about, you're certainly getting back up in rate, but all these investments we've been making during this time of grounding, Sheila, and I think if you saw the line today versus what you saw even a year ago, there's been tremendous activity put in place in tools and processes to have stability for the long term. That ultimately is going to help the overall franchise, our predictability on delivering to our customers on time and a healthier supply chain as a result of it. So that's been a huge level of effort today. But let's face it, that's a long-term play, but it's a really critical one to get in place during this time. So we have that stability and predictability, again, on our delivery profile and then ultimately on our financials. And then during this, we mentioned, we're still making investments. And we're making investments in the productivity as well as on the R&D side. So we're being prudent about it, and we're being -- we're sharpening the pencils. But that, again, is really focusing on the long-term franchise that we have and the potential franchises to come.
Gregory Smith: Yes. No, David, I would tell you, it's a one-on-one engagement, and not just them but their suppliers. And so I'll say kind of tiered-down suppliers and understanding the impact that this is having on them and then what levers do we all have in order to help get them through this. And again, with the objective that we're playing a long game, and we want them to come out of this healthier, quite frankly. So each one of them is a little bit different about how we're working and how we're engaging and what type of assistance is needed. Everybody, as you know, has been at a little bit of a different level of production through this. So there's different levels of inventory. So I would tell you, if you went around supplier by supplier, you're going to get a variation of what their build rate is or where they are in inventory. But the engagement with them, I would say, has been very good by our supply chain folks and keeping them informed and trying to get ahead of this, and again, making smart decisions and assisting where we can assist. So, yes, we've got some provisioning in here to help them, and we'll continue to do that, again, with the long-term objective. We need them to be healthy. We want them to be healthy, and we're playing this for the long term. So even some of these productivity things that we've we talked about on the 37, the supply chain team has taken those into the supply chain that, again, ultimately will make them healthier, more stable, more predictable, which is going to be key to our production rates going forward.
Gregory Smith: Yes. We've got a kind of time in the midyear time frame, Dave. But like we said, it's going to be a very moderated, slow, I'll say, prudent ramp-up. And as we talked about, priority 1, once the grounding is lifted, will be to start getting those airplanes off the tarmac, the inventoried aircraft, and then slowly bringing that line up in a very methodical way and monitoring stability each step of the way. And when we reach our objectives of stability, then we'll make the next move. But that will kind of be the priority and the time frame associated with that. Now we will -- currently, we're looking at starting the line earlier than the actual lifting of the grounding. But again, think of that as a risk mitigator. We'll look at that during that period of time and our confidence level of getting the grounding lifted, and then we'll start to slowly bring resources back onto the program, keeping in mind that these lines are empty. They're going to be empty. They're empty right now. And so we'll start in position 1, but again, very methodical, start bringing the crews over, get stability and then slowly bring them back into play. But we'll make that decision as we get closer to return to service, but that's the game plan that we see it today.
Gregory Smith: Yes, yes. On BDS, slightly lower than last year. And I'd say a lot of that is timing. It's just around receipt timing and award timing. But outside of that, from an operating -- core operating performance, pretty much on par. But we'll see a little bit of headwind this year. And on BGS, a little bit of headwind but less than BDS, and again, a lot of that is just timing. It's nothing more than that. The core performance-wise or the conversion to earnings to cash, it remains pretty consistent with 2019. But again, the bulk of the variance in cash will be at BCA.
Gregory Smith: Yes, yes. Obviously, not at the same, I'll say, slope as it was, but we still continue to see improved cash margin over the profile for all the reasons we've discussed before between supply chain, mix and our own productivity. That story is unchanged. But again, the amount of growth over that period has moderated obviously under these lower rates. On the supply-demand, China is a big deal. Don't mistake it. It's a big deal, and that's a big play in these production rates. Outside of that, as you've seen, when we've been going head-to-head with the 787, we've been winning the marketplace. The airplane continues to bring great economics into the field. And the long-term market outlook continues. When you look at the 20-year forecast, there's still a lot of widebodies and more replacement in there. And the 787 family, I think, is extremely well suited to address that market. And I'd say the one that is probably underserved at this point is the 787-10. I think as we see that replacement market, I'll say coming more within our skyline, I think we're going to continue to see more demand for the -10. It's just an incredible value proposition and machine for our customers, especially considering what is going to be replacing in the market. So China, big watch item. Outside of that, do we have work to do on the skyline? Absolutely. And we're going to play that out one campaign at a time. And we'll continue to monitor, again, our lead times and make whatever adjustments are needed. But as we see it today, we think this is a prudent thing to do, and we have good confidence in the 10 to go into 12 a month.
Gregory Smith: I don't know at this point. No. I know -- we know that airplanes are a part of the -- certainly, a big part of the trade deal with China. And we'll get into those details when -- between the government and our customers, but we're actually engaged with them. And when we get more clarity on that, then we'll provide it. But at this point, we're -- we don't have model clarity.
Gregory Smith: Yes. Well, maybe on that one, I'll just, again, put a finer point on what the game plan is as we see it. Don't think of that as just turning the line back on. We're going to slowly bring crews back, but we're going to have to have a confidence level -- a higher confidence level in that exact time frame on return to service because, obviously, we don't want to build more airplanes and store them. So that's the game plan as it sits today. But again, remember, the line is empty. So it's going to be in the first position, and that's going to take some time to slowly bring that up. But obviously, we'll have cert flight behind us, which is a big milestone, and that will give us more confidence in our, I'll say, kind of slow introduction of the production line. So that's the game plan on that. As far as rate increases going forward, Hunter, I would just say, look, we got to get this thing back. We got to start delivering on the -- off the ramp and think of the rate increases one step at a time, or as Dave has said to many of us, one airplane at a time. We're going to keep work in position, and we're going to ensure we have stability and equally, if maybe not more important, the supply chain has stability. We'll make the next rate increase. So we've certainly made some assumptions in there, but we are going to do this one at a time. And again, really playing the long game here to ensure we've got stability that is, I'll say, institutionalized, not just with us but all suppliers, and then that will ultimately have a much more predictable production, I'll say, cadence to it and predictability and delivering to our customers. So we'll keep you posted on our rate plans going forward. But at this time, that's kind of the game plan, and we'll give you more clarity once we -- like I said, once we provide guidance and I'll say the moving pieces that will support that guidance.
