Dennis A. Muilenburg: Thank you, Greg. With a solid first quarter behind us, we remain focused on growth, disciplined execution, quality and productivity improvements, and meeting our customer commitments. Our priorities going forward can be framed by two overarching objectives: first, to continue building strength on strength to deliver on our existing plans and commitments and improve them where needed; and second, to stretch beyond those plans and sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts to achieve our full potential. Achieving both objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production, continuing to strengthen our Defense & Space business, delivering on our development programs, driving world-class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth, and to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry, all of which position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom line growth, and to create increasing value for our customers, shareholders, employees, and other stakeholders. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Myles, great question. And as we mentioned before, growing our services business across the Boeing enterprise is one of our top priorities going forward. We do see a significant opportunity there. If you look across the commercial and defense sectors over the next 20 years, that's about a $4 trillion market space, and we have significant opportunities to grow within that existing market space. Our strategy includes organic investments in areas like parts streams and our ability to deliver high-value spares to our customers, low-cost modifications and upgrades to existing fleets that leverage our OEM knowledge. And we also see a growing opportunity in some of the information-based services markets and providing value-added services associated with the wealth of information in our new airplanes. So that deep OEM knowledge we believe differentiates us in the services marketplace, and we'd like to take some of the prowess that we have in the production capacity and move that into the lifecycle support element of the fleets. We're doing that in collaboration with our customers and in many cases in collaboration with our supply chain. But we do think that represents significant both top line and bottom line growth opportunity for us. Similarly, in the defense space, we see opportunities to do that and cross-leverage in areas like our commercial derivative platforms. And I think somewhat uniquely when we look at our global industrial base and our global presence, our ability to service commercial and defense fleets around the world better than anybody else can be a differentiator for us. So bottom line there, we see services as a big growth opportunity for us. It's primarily organic investment that we're making. And where we can complement that with selective inorganic investments, we will.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: I'm not going to give you specific target numbers, but what I will say is that if you take a look at our services business today and look at market growth opportunities, these are opportunities that are measured in 5% to 10% growth rates.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. Hey, Jason, let me take that one on here. One of the reasons we're confident with the production rate adjustments and ramp-ups that we've already announced is that we factored in those historical trends. Now the fact that the current trends with cancellations and deferrals operating at about 1% of backlog are favorable compared to history just further strengthens our confidence. But the decisions we've made to ramp up 737 to 47 a month, 52 a month, and then 57 a month and the ramp-ups we have planned for 787 all take into context these historical factors. So if we were to see deferrals and cancellations begin to creep up, we wouldn't change our plans. We've in fact designed our plans to envelope those historical averages. Now that all said, we're not seeing anything in the data right now nor would I speculate that we're going to see those deferrals and cancellations move back to those historical levels. We continue to see strong passenger growth. We are mindful of that quarter over quarter, and we continue to watch it closely. But the strength of passenger growth is consistent, so I said about 8% growth so far this year. Independent analysis is saying 6% to 7% globally growth year over year. And we're going to continue to watch that and be mindful of it. But all of the trends right now support the analysis that we've done. And even if we would see some creep back towards historical levels, we remain very confident in the production rate decisions we've made. As you well know, when we go through these production rate decisions, these are not decisions we make lightly. We take a hard look at all of the historical factors, risks, and opportunities, and we believe the decisions we've made are well within the envelope of balanced supply and demand.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Hey, Seth. Thanks for the question. When you take a look at our fighter lines, it's both domestic and international opportunities. I think it's important to note that as you've seen in the fiscal year 2017 budget deliberations here in the U.S., some strong support from our U.S. Navy requesting additional F-18s for the domestic fleet. And we're hopeful that as part of the FY 2017 budget deliberations that there will be additional Super Hornets included in the budget. I think as you're aware, the U.S. Navy's request here has an unfunded request in the system for 14 additional aircraft plus two via OCO [Overseas Contingency Operations] funding. So there are domestic opportunities, and supporting our customer here in the U.S. to make sure that they have the right fighter fleets and capacity for the future I think is an important part of the equation. And we continue to see strong support for the Super Hornet as well as modifications and upgrades to the F-15 Eagles. Internationally, as you alluded to, there are a number of opportunities and campaigns that are well underway. They are global, including opportunities in the Middle East. And while I can't comment on specific campaigns, I want to respect our customer's process here. We do see opportunities in the Middle East. The press reports you've seen around Qatar and Kuwait are certainly two very important customers for us. Remember, those are all governed by the foreign military sales process and are government-to-government arrangements. We're supporting those, but we do see opportunities for both the F-18 and the F-15 internationally, Middle East, Asia-Pacific, potential opportunities in Europe and Canada as well. And all of those give us some level of confidence that we'll be able to extend those fighter lines into the early 2020s. And that presents an opportunity for us that's important and one that we continue to pursue. And that business base gives us the capacity to invest in future product lines as well that leverage our St. Louis workforce. So we're encouraged by some of the progress there. But again, those international deals are really government-to-government arrangements, and we'll continue to support those appropriately.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: When we think about growing the services business, Rob, and more broadly lifecycle support, that starts with our customers because our objective here is to make sure that the airplanes we're delivering and the usage they're getting from those airplanes is profitable and productive and reliable. And our business thrives on reliable, productive fleets for our customers, and that's true in both our Commercial and Defense business. And we believe that our OEM knowledge and depth of detail on the airplane design can add value throughout the entire lifecycle. I think as you're well aware, if you look at the installed commercial fleets, you could argue that we're about 50% of the installed fleet. Yet if you look at our market share in terms of services today, we're about 6% to 7% market share in services. And I believe it's reasonable for a company like Boeing with the OEM depth and knowledge we have to have a larger share of the services market, and I think that's to the advantage of our customers. And part of the value equation that we're bringing to bear here is Boeing, with our supply chain providing better capability, better efficiency, better profitability for our customers, it's adding value both for them and for Boeing. Those are the kind of business models we're pursuing.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Actually, Rob, I don't see this as a zero-sum game. This is a growing marketplace that we're operating in. As we've mentioned previously, we look at what's happening in global growth of commercial traffic, our market outlook for the next 20 years, 38,000 new aircraft needed by our customers, growing passenger base. This is a growing market and one in which we expect to gain market share in a growing market. That's good for our customers. And if done in partnership with our suppliers, with our supply chain, it can be good for them as well. Now there may be some sectors where we will take market share, and where we can add value for our customers, we'll do that. But I prefer to look at this as a growing marketplace and one that the growth is accelerated when we provide efficient service. And when we can do that in partnership with our supply chain, it's good for all of the industry and it can be good for our customers.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: I also want to recognize Ray's and Leanne's [Caret] efforts on this at the business level. We are all aligned on the objective here and working this as an enterprise team. And Ray and Leanne have really been driving this at the business level. And I just want to acknowledge all the great work that they're doing.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You got it, Doug. Characterizing it as steady progression is exactly the way I'd look at it. And just as we said, we expect with the opportunity ahead of us, with the backlog we have and the long view that gives us, and the production ramp-up ahead of us in Commercial Airplanes headed to well north of 900 aircraft a year, we have the opportunity, both top and bottom line, to create this steady progression. It's revenue growth, it's cash growth, and it's margin and earnings growth. And that is our plan.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. On the overall book-to-bill, once again this year we're anticipating a book-to-bill of about one, so similar to last year. As you know, timing of orders is a little hard to predict. But generally when we look at order volume and energy in the marketplace, we'd say book-to-bill of about one; and continuing healthy opportunities around the globe, most of that again driven by passenger growth and replacement demand from our customers, the lesser of that driven by cargo. As I mentioned earlier, the cargo market remains flattish. The prominent demand there is in the narrow-body arena. So 737 sales opportunities for the 737 MAX remain very robust globally. Wide-body demand not as hot as narrow-body demand but still strong, especially in areas where it's driven by passenger growth, Middle East and Asia-Pacific in particular. We're seeing that in continuing solid orders volume for 787 and for the 777. And as I said on 777 current generation, we're targeting 40 to 50 sales a year to fill the bridge. We still have work to go, but we've completed 11 or successfully sold 11 so far this year, so roughly on track. But we still have some work to do to fill the remainder of the bridge. We have about a dozen or so very significant campaigns underway for the 777. So while we have work do, we also see the opportunity to complete filling up that bridge. On the other side of the bridge, the 777X remains in a very strong market differentiated place. And if we look out to the future on wide bodies between 787 and 777X in particular, we feel very strong about the product lineup that we have. So overall healthy, steady market demand, book-to-bill of about one this year, heavier weighted to the narrow-body side, but we're seeing reasonable demand in both narrow bodies and wide bodies.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: You bet. You bet. Hey, Howard, good questions. And just first of all on your overall margin question, Greg, I'll look back to you on the back end of tanker to comment on that.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: But you saw in the first quarter that we did take the $0.24 charge on tanker. We were able to offset the majority of that with just good solid performance. And Greg can walk you through some of the offsets there. But one of the reasons that we've reaffirmed our year-end guidance is that the first quarter performance that we've seen broadly across the enterprise, some of the work we're doing do drive productivity that I talked about earlier, and our plans for the rest of the year give us confidence that we will overcome that $0.24 charge. And that's one of the reasons we're holding our year-end guidance. And I'll let Greg comment more on that later. But specifically to tanker, you're right, a lot of focus on that. I can tell you that we have raised the level of enterprise focus on executing and delivering on that program. We've, as you've seen, made some personnel changes to provide some additional oversight and emphasis on the program. Leanne, as she has stepped into her new role, is playing a strong role there along with Scott Fancher and teaming up with Ray and the team on the Commercial Airplane side. So we've got the right people on the program. Key milestones ahead of us is completing Milestone C testing, the production approval decision. We are about 80% complete on the flight testing that's required for Milestone C. And we are moving towards completion of that milestone and approval around the end of the second quarter. Again, that's subject to the normal U.S. government process. The next major milestone beyond that will be delivery of the first 18 tankers, and we remain on schedule to do that August of 2017. And you're right, we have invested some money to hold that schedule. We think it's the right thing to do. It delivers on our customer commitments. It delivers on an important program, and we're committed to hitting that schedule. And it allows us to accelerate our movement into the production program. Ultimately, we still see this in the long run as a franchise program, a market of around 400 aircraft, and one that will produce profitable growth for decades to come, both in terms of production and support to our customers. So without question, this is an investment worth making. While we don't like taking a charge, we're confident that we're doing the right things here. We've got the right people on it. We are now in the final stages of the development program. And to your point about putting a nail in it, we are not now discovering new technical issues. Frankly, this is about the fact that we are concurrently finishing up development and ramping up production. We've got the first seven production aircraft flowing through our Everett factory now. In our supply chain, we're already out to airplane number 15. So you can see there's some concurrency cost. That is an intentional investment we're making to keep the program on schedule. We are closing in on it. We're not done yet. We're going be very focused on getting to the finish line. But I'm confident we'll get there and also confident that this is going be a great program for our customers and our company for decades to come. Greg, do you want to provide any other color on...
Dennis A. Muilenburg: And, George, on your question about the 737 family, we continue to have a very good dialogue with our customers about their future needs. As you know, the 737 MAX 8 is now in the production system. We've got three aircraft in flight test. That airplane is looking very good, and we're confident that's going to add a lot of value for our customers. We're continuing to see strong sales of the 737 MAX family overall. As we take a look at the 737 MAX 7, the lower seat end of that family of aircraft, that is an area where we're having active discussions with our customers. It's too early to give any specific details or decisions, but I think it's worth saying that that airplane is viewed very favorably by our customers. We have a very clear value proposition that will add value and operating cost reduction for them. And we also have the flexibility to design it to meet their needs. So we'll continue those discussions, and as we reach decision points, we'll make sure to make everybody aware, but we remain very confident on the 737 MAX introduction, the transition, and the value it will add to our customers.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Julie, let me give you a little context around this because when we pursue productivity and cost competitiveness, we look at all categories of costs. So, certainly direct labor cost, head count is one of those, but there are many other factors, in fact, other factors that are larger than direct head count, indirect costs, overhead, infrastructure, facilities, supply chain. As a reminder, a good portion of our cost is outside of Boeing, so that's where our Partnering for Success initiative comes in. So we have set cost reduction and productivity targets that span all of those cost categories. In some cases, that does put pressure on head count, and you've seen that, but it's not something where we set a head count target or apply the same formula everywhere. It's really important that we give our business leaders and functional leaders the flexibility to tailor their cost structure to be competitive. So it's not one size fits all, and the business dynamics are very different in different parts of our businesses and different sites. So that's important from an overall context standpoint. Now the reductions that we're making in Puget Sound that you've seen in the news, again, those are being done within this overall cost reduction effort and also being done in a way that's very mindful and respectful of our employees. We're starting first, as you noted, with voluntary layoff packages and/or attrition. I think it's a good reminder that in a company of about 160,000 people, normal annual attrition is about 4% to 5% just when you look at the workforce demographics. So that alone provides us some flexibility on how we can make head count reductions and do it in a way that's mindful and respectful of our employees. And so that's where we start. In some cases, we have had to do involuntary layoffs, but that tends to be on the margins and done very selectively where we don't have other options. So that's our game plan going forward. I won't give you any specific head count targets because that's not the way we do our business. We set cost reduction productivity targets. We look at all elements of our cost structure. And if it comes down to direct head count, we deal with that in a way that's very respectful of our employees and trying to do our best to help them transition when that does become a necessity.
Dennis A. Muilenburg: Okay, Dominic, let me field both of those. First of all, on head count, as I said earlier, we have set some aggressive cost reduction and productivity targets for the year that are aligned with our overall business strategy, and we are looking at all categories of cost. And that includes beyond head count both in our internal indirect costs as well as in our supply chain. And I think it's important that we continue to keep that in mind. Our direct head count is one important category, but not the only one. And our business leaders are looking across all of those cost categories. I will say the overall macro trend that we have for this year is that we expect employment will be net down moderately. I can't give you a specific number there, but we are on a moderate downward trend enterprise-wide this year as we drive productivity. As I said earlier, we're also doing that and trying to be very mindful of our employees. And as you know, I have a great deal of respect for our people. They are world-class. They're the best in the world at what they do. And where we can leverage attrition and the voluntary layoff programs that we've put in place, we will, and so far that approach has been very effective for us. And I think that's good for the business and good for our people, ultimately good for our customers. So that's our headset on that approach. On your second question about services, you're right. It's something that we have talked about for some time. I can tell you that we are very serious about growing our services business. So as we've laid in our strategy for the next planning cycle and more broadly for the next decade, that is one of our focused growth areas. The market is large, as I said, about $4 trillion over the next 20 years. We have market share room to grow. But again, I want to emphasize that we are growing services in a growing marketplace. This is not about taking share from others or dividing up a fixed pie. This is clearly a growing marketplace. And with the right kind of business model, this can be good for our industry and our customers. We are taking very specific actions on that. Our services business leaders, Stan Deal and Ed Dolanski, are teamed up. I think our One Boeing approach where we work across commercial and defense globally is a differentiator for us. In some cases, we are looking at specific parts inside of our aircraft, as you've seen in the days (1:03:43) where our unique OEM knowledge we think can provide value for our customers. In some cases, we're pursuing modification and upgrade businesses. The 737 freighter conversion program I think is a good specific example there. And then some of the work we're doing in information-based services like GoldCare and performance-based logistics, those are specific things that we're doing. So it is a focused high-priority strategy, and we have actions underway to support that strategy.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, thanks, Cai. On the 737, we had one block extension. Obviously, that was 200 units, all 737 MAX airplanes, and that was favorable to the overall block, Cai. Escalation did impact us I'd say across the product lines slightly throughout the quarter. Just again, with the decline in oil prices that's taken place, we've had to adjust the revenue profile of that going forward, but not a big impact to the quarter but a slight impact.
Gregory D. Smith: I think you hit it, Peter. That's exactly the way to think about it. On the commonality side, as you know, that was a key factor as we developed that airplane to get it into the production system and get the commonality to the 787-9. And we're well north of 95% with regards to commonality in the factory. So that's going extremely well. That will certainly help as we introduce that into the production system and start ramping rate up on that, and I'd say that's progressing well. And as you know, we'll start to deliver that airplane in 2018. So we're watching that progress through the system. And like I said, development has gone very well as is early assembly and fabrication efforts. So I think we're tracking well, but think of it just like you did, like you mentioned on the 787-9, very smooth, deliberate introduction into that system and then get the rate up...
Gregory D. Smith: I think you hit all the big levers and the things we've been focused on. Certainly there are levels of maturity of each of those of where we are. But I would say the focus in each one of those categories, including the services that we just talked about with Rob and as well as the development efforts of trying to become more efficient and leveraging the enterprise around development efforts, those are all the major categories that I'd say are led by Dennis ultimately, but then by each one of us to try to look for more efficient ways to execute on those activities. But as I said before, I would view it as no rock has been left unturned. It is an objective. It's an aspiration. But as you know, it's happening within our own business today, and that certainly gives us a clear understanding of the art of the possible here. And I think what Dennis said, it's competing to win. It's investing in our future and ultimately driving value for our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. So we're going to continue on this path. We're going to talk about it a little bit more at the investor conference here coming up. But it's a very consistent, I'll say, and high-priority task for all of us on the team.
Gregory D. Smith: You got it, it's mix. It's narrow-body mix within the quarter. That's really the biggest driver there, Carter.
Gregory D. Smith: They're not a big difference. I'd say relatively flat. When you look at the margin for the quarter, it's what you said. There's some mix in the quarter, a little bit on escalation, and then higher R&D, as we said, as we're ramping up the 777X. So as I look at the next three quarters ahead, we'll have more favorable mix in there, and the R&D profile will be a little bit different. So that's how we see the path to the guidance for the balance of the year.
Gregory D. Smith: I think you hit the high points, Dennis. Certainly, Howard, the balance of the year just got more challenging, and we've got a path forward to meet the guide even taking that into consideration. But we're accelerating our productivity efforts and focus in there to ensure that we do, and we're all committed to doing that. So we'll keep marching ahead quarter by quarter to make sure we achieve what we put out there.
Gregory D. Smith: I think on the R&D, George, that's about right. There are obviously some moving pieces in there as 777X starts to ramp up and 787-10 profile turns down around with 737 MAX. But generally quarter by quarter, you're going to look at a similar trend right now.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, Jon, I would say our accounting is compliant with GAAP. That's first and foremost, and that's what it is. And obviously, Airbus is under a different accounting standard, and they're adhering to that one. So that's our focus. That's our priority, and that's how we account for everything we do within the business. As far as focus on cash, I think just like any business, it's about the bottom line at the end of the day no matter what accounting standard you're under. It's about how efficient you are with your cash and how effective you are with managing that and deploying it. So I wouldn't view our focus on cash frankly any different than any other business. At the end of the day, it's all about what's left over and what your costs were and what you sold your product for and then what do you do with it. And we're trying to keep it simple in that regard because ultimately we want to reinvest in the future and we want to return cash to those that are putting their trust in us through the shareholder base and invest in our people. And that's the priorities.
Gregory D. Smith: Certainly it's a factor as we think about competing. And it goes really to just the broader objective that Dennis outlined on competing in the marketplace to win no matter what. Whether it's exchange rates or whether the competition being more efficient or inefficient, it's all about competing in the marketplace, as we've discussed, being able to invest going forward, and then rewarding all the stakeholders that have put their trust in us. That's fundamentally what's behind this. But exchange rates are going to move around over time. We don't rely on exchange rates. But the fact is, there are some times where there's an advantage, there are some times with a disadvantage. And we have to have the flexibility in our own enterprise to be able to compete no matter what that exchange rate is. And that's the headset that we have across the team, and that's the focus that's going to continue to take place going forward.
