Dave Calhoun: Yes. No further comments. I’d like to turn it over to questions and give all our time to that. Thanks.
Dave Calhoun: Well, the April time frame is all I’ll say is the customers know everything that we do. We share the same regulator. They are in our factories looking at the airplanes every day. So, they know exactly what’s going on and where it is. I don’t want to get ahead of anybody with respect to speculating the day we pick it. That’s up to the FAA, and we’re going to let them do what they have to do. Otherwise, I think Brian described this charge exactly the way it is.
Dave Calhoun: The only other context is that unlike in the case of the MAX, we do have an experience, unfortunately, that we can draw from in setting these estimates, and most importantly, the management of the concessions with our customers over time. So, what we’ve posted and the way we think about it is largely based on that historical experience, of course, with the MAX. So, I feel like we’ve probably bounded it pretty reasonably.
Dave Calhoun: Well, just the prognosis that we can move it up and based on what everybody seems to want to believe. We are going to be very aggressive with our supply chain to get buffers at every corner so that we can do it. And then the question is, do we do it? So, right now, we have fewer supply constraints probably than the industry simply because we’ve got this big finished goods inventory that’s going to carry us for the better part of the calendar year and then even a little bit into next year. So, we’ll take advantage of that, and then we’ll ask the supply chain to build buffer, both on our premise and in theirs to protect upside. That’s the way we’re thinking about it.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. No, no. I would say no, it’s not a 1Q decision for us. As I said, we will work our supply chain and work with our supply chain transparently to protect upside on rate as we get to the second half of the year, et cetera. And the minute we are ready to do it, we’ll do it. But I don’t want to get ahead of myself on that front. Certainly not now.
Dave Calhoun: Well, -- so we’ll have to complete the rework on a large fleet of airplanes. So, that in and of itself is -- takes some time to do. But then we have to update every analytic that we provide to our regulator based on every next rework. So, to just again, corroborate the case that we have with respect to conformance. So, you have a lag in that. You collect that data. You include it in the analytic. And then when it gets to be sufficient, you will provide it to the FAA, and then there’s a work -- you work through it with them. But that is the sort of the process that we have to go through. And there’s no way to shortcut it. And I can’t collect data on the airplanes I haven’t reworked yet. I have to get through it. I’ve got to simply work my way through that. I have confidence in the rework programs. We have no new discoveries with respect to how we do the rework, and they’re getting perfected just like in the case of standard work in building an airplane the first time, we have to do sort of the same thing with rework processes. And that’s what we’re doing. So, I wish it could go faster, and I can’t accelerate it. I need them all to take their time and go through their learning curves and post the data to the analysis.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Well, there’s a -- again, I’m not going to speak for my regulator because that’s up to them on how we do it and maybe that’s how things end up working. On the other hand, they are going to ticket that airplane, and they’re going to want to know everything there is to know about everything. And we’re still posting data with respect to what we find in our fleet. So, I don’t know what more to say. I wish it was perfectly predictable. It’s just not.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Seth, I appreciate the question. We are -- as you know, have a reasonably full pipeline with respect to airplane developments with the MAX derivatives and the 777X, which I, again, I will highlight as a true differentiator in the marketplace as it displaces not just the 47, but also 380 over time. Anyway, so I feel good about that. And if we’re fortunate and we get customers interested in a freighter version of it, we will move aggressively along those lines. So, we have a pretty good product family and development pipeline ahead of us. I just don’t think that should be lost on anyone. And then secondly, the much longer term and much bigger program for me is the one we refer to as our IPT, integrated product team, where we’re going to revamp the development process itself. And anyone who’s been around our industry for a long period of time knows that the big variables in our financial performance over time usually relate to shortfalls in the development process. And my intent and my hope in light of all the new tools that are available to us, both in terms of digital modeling on the original design, but then also being able to use that same modeling to perfect manufacturing processes at scale and ultimately, serviceability, that is where the action is. That is where the next airplane is going to differentiate itself more than any other, in my opinion. So, we are invested and continue to stay invested. We’ve allocated much of our top talent across the Company to that effort. I can’t wait to update everybody on, again, that progress. It won’t be as exciting because it doesn’t fly away, but it is, in my opinion, the most important thing that we can do, and we remain totally focused on that. With respect to the competitiveness of our product portfolio, I still feel very good about it. I never will look at any last deal and suggest that we’re losing to this -- losing to somebody or not. You have to take the totality of the last couple of years. They have airplanes that absolutely outperform us in certain applications, and we have some that outperform them in applications. And our customers are really good discerning the differences and making their choices. So, I apologize, I’m sure I sound like a broken record, but we think we have our priorities right here. There will be a next airplane. As I did say and I will acknowledge, I don’t think the propulsion system is going to add as much value to that next airplane, either ours or theirs, as it has historically, which means that the airframer has to add more value to it in order to make it a compelling sale to our customers. I look forward to that moment anyway. So, we’re doing our very best to get ready for it.
Dave Calhoun: Ron, I appreciate the question. This is definitely the right time to put $0.5 billion into Wisk. Number one, it’s a very innovative product and a very innovative product team. I didn’t create it. Our partners did at Kitty Hawk. I couldn’t be prouder of the work they’re doing. The world wants autonomy and the world wants electric. And this is going to be our application of those two technologies and to put it into real service by way of certification. So, everything about this program we like, technically innovative, and it will serve a niche we don’t serve today. And that’s really not necessarily why you do it if you don’t think there’s a long-term avenue for both autonomy and electric and a lot to learn in the process. So, again, I view this as a high priority. It does not compete for the discussion we just had with respect to the next large commercial airplane by way of financial resources. We’ll have plenty of financial resources and wherewithal to be able to do both and then some. But I am enthusiastic about our Wisk investment in the airplane and the experience to date. It’s incredibly innovative.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. I don’t -- we don’t -- our team doesn’t see any near-term or even medium-term risks there. And performance has been outstanding. I’m never going to say never that big disruptions can occur. I don’t -- if those kinds of disruptions occur, we got a lot of other issues we’re going to have to contend with. So honestly, it’s not the highest thing on our list. It performs quite well. We do have options. Admittedly, they take time to put into gear. But no, I think we’re in an okay place there.
Dave Calhoun: Today, it’s going to go back to the old engine questions and castings and forgings. That has already constrained our outlook. And I think as I mentioned the last time we were all together, I wish we could have done increase rates even faster than we had acknowledged, but it has always been a supply constraint that has done that. And it’s mostly forgings and castings and mostly through our engine suppliers. So, that is what it is. I do think they are under control and being managed very effectively and that the supply side of this is that everybody has put their cushions in place to be able to take care of it. And then the only other medium term, I haven’t been asked, maybe I will, I won’t call it short term, but medium-term question, of course, is titanium. And as long as the geopolitical situation stays tame, no problem. If it doesn’t, we’re protected for quite a while, but not forever.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. I mean, that’s the million-dollar question, and I appreciate you asking it. And that’s what we work on every day all day. I think investors, those same investors, what frustrates them is the unpredictability of our performance in light of those few instances that caused severe pressure on our company. And I will be the first to admit that they were not events caused by the outside world, but unfortunately, missteps inside. So, we’re doing, I think, what they would want us to do. Our culture is focused on getting as close to our work as we possibly can from the very top of the Company through the engineering ranks all the way down through all the support functions that ultimately have to help mechanics on the line stay disciplined, create standard work that’s predictable, repeatable, et cetera, safety and quality systems that are reinculcated in every way I can think of into every nook and cranny of the Company. And that is literally what we have been working on. So, I appreciate the question. I think we’re getting much better. In fact, we’re getting really good at it. And I think someday, we’ll all point to it as a real advantage for The Boeing Company. But I know where we’re coming from. And you do, too. Again, I do appreciate the Company. Sometimes, our vision and our priorities look boring to people. But when you stop and think of where we came from, I’m proud of this team for rallying around exactly that.
Dave Calhoun: Yes. Thank you. Yes. It’s again, I don’t think this is necessarily in the geopolitical realm as much as it is in the needs of the customers and operations inside of China. What I will say is it has been perfectly predictable and methodical way in which they’ve returned their fleet to service. They went through the cert process. They reauthorized the airplane to fly. The airlines are warming up the airplanes they already have. As you said, they’re taking test flights in a very methodical, intelligent way. And they are beginning to notify us around when they intend to bring it into revenue service. That all has to happen with the airplanes they own. And then deliveries, in my view, will commence. And it is quiet, methodical and as effective way as it has been to date. There’s nothing that we’re involved in that would suggest otherwise. So anyway, I do feel confident only because of every tea leave I’ve been able to watch here. And they’re following through on, frankly, every commitment they’ve made.
Brian West: Thanks, Sheila. So, on the 787 $3.5 billion, we previously described a pretty labor-intensive rework solution on the door surrounds. And in the quarter, we determined that this rework was going to be needed to be formed on all of the airplanes inventory. So, the abnormal is $1 billion higher and will mostly go through 2023 because of this higher rework cost and the production rates being lower for longer. This, in turn, has our delivery slide to the right. So, more airplanes will be impacted, not just the ones in inventory. And we provided for estimated customer concessions because of these delays, which drove the $3.5 billion charge. While this hurts in the near term, we still believe it’s the right thing to do because long term, we’re going to sell a lot of these 787s for decades. So, we just got to work our way through this. In terms of getting back to 5, so we got to first get cleared to deliver, and then we’re going to gradually work our way to a point we’re going to get back up to 5. We don’t have the time frame, but we think that the first step is getting the first one out the door. On the April time frame, Dave, maybe you could comment on the customer implications on that one.
Brian West: Yes. Sure, Cai. So, the $1 billion increase on the abnormal is separate from the $3.5 billion. And in terms of the $3.5 billion, that will play out over a longer period of time, particularly as we have discussions with customers. Some of that might be accelerated in the near term, but overall, it’s going to take us time for that cash flow to go out. It will take years. In terms of how much is customer concessions, we’re not going to talk about all of the pieces. Trust that as we closed the quarter, we took all the estimates in terms of what we think was going to happen both for contractual and non-contractual concessions. And it’s embedded into our closing position. And we feel good about that, and now we just have to work through with our customers to -- and then start delivering. In terms of the abnormal, again, that cash flow will likely go out over the next two years as most of that will be behind us as we get out of 2023.
Brian West: I’ll leave the supplier and the increase to Dave. I want to take the near-term production delivery MAX question head-on because it’s largely unchanged from where we were last quarter as what we expect to happen in 2022. We’ve got 335 units of inventory. And that will liquidate through the year at a quarterly rate that is pretty similar to what we did last quarter. And then, the production ramp, as you know, Myles, is going to go from 26 to 31 fairly soon. So, we all think that’s going to play out. And again, it’s similar to what we had thought last quarter. The one watch item that we have in the first quarter is any disruption on Omicron that might have a bit of a slower start, but we’ll work our way through that. The total profile is largely unchanged. And we’re quite confident in the demand. And maybe in terms of further rate increase supply chain, I’ll let Dave comment on that.
Brian West: Yes. So, in terms of the free cash flow, it’s really going to be driven by three specific things. There is seasonality like every first quarter. There’s going to be BDS stability that doesn’t repeat, and there’s going to be some assumption on excess burn down. But I think that we have a handle around all that, and we do think it is in and out of the first quarter, and the second quarter does get favorable. In terms of -- I don’t think it’s going to be quite as high as the number you are throwing around, but it is going to be in the small billions. In terms of the -- your question on MAX deliveries. So, I go back to where we were last quarter, and we kind of had a ballpark of what that would look like. That hasn’t changed. And again, if we continue to liquidate the inventory at about the rate that we did last quarter, and you then have your production ramp go from 26 to 31, that kind of gets us to a spot where we have a pretty good profile of what that’s going to look like through the year with the one caveat is that the first quarter is probably going to be a little slow, one, because it usually is; and two, because we, like others, are wrestling with this Omicron.
Brian West: And on the balance sheet side of it, for us, over time, one priority is to take leverage down, but also a priority is to make sure we’re going to be ready to invest in that next airplane at the right moment. And we do various scenario plannings, and we think we’ve got options and things to make all that happen. But again, that’s a little bit of a longer look, but nothing would suggest we wouldn’t want to be investors for the right airplane.
Brian West: And Ron, one thing to note. So, we’ve made this commitment to the investors, but that cash is going to happen over time. And it’s capped in any given quarter. So, we’re not really going to see it disrupt anything in the near term.
Brian West: Yes. It’s not a smidge over zero. I promise you that. And we’re not going to be as descriptive as you might want. However, as we begin to deliver on these milestones and we start to be able to have the volume improvement from the 737, 787, we know we are going to have accelerated cash flows. As I mentioned, first quarter, we know it’s going to be usage, but we do expect that there will be a relatively sharp acceleration in the back half of the year as we begin to liquidate this inventory. And then as we exit the year, we’re going to be moving to a much more normalized state and then have a meaningful acceleration of cash flow in 2023. And again, what number of billions, too close to call, but it’s more than zero, I promise you.
Brian West: And there is an assumption that we’re going to have some liquidation of inventory for sure on the 787. Stay tuned for the specifics.
