W. James McNerney: Thank you, Greg. With three solid quarters behind us, we are focused on closing out the year with continued strong business performance that will allow us to meet our customer commitments and our investments in the future, recognize and reward our team for their work and continue to return cash to shareholders. Our priorities in 2014 and beyond remain clear, profitably ramp-up in production on our commercial airplane programs, executing on our commercial and defense development programs, driving productivity and affordability throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen and position our defense business with targeted investments and further international expansion and all the while providing increasing value to both our customers and our shareholders. Now, Greg and I would be happy to take your questions.
W. James McNerney: Well, the airlines – first of all, airlines tend to buy on the sort of the distribution around a mean. So, and above to all, that distribution is pretty wide. So, their behavior tends to be driven by that more than a point (indiscernible). Having said that, our analysis shows the price of oil could still fall a long way before our planes are anything other than compelling economically. I mean, this generation of new planes that we’re introducing anywhere from 16% to 24% more efficient than the planes they are replacing, this replacement generation is it has more compelling numbers associated with than any generation I’ve seen since the 707. So, our analysis – we (indiscernible) on both interest rates and price of oil and you got to go a long way from where we are now before you begin to see even incremental impact.
W. James McNerney: Well, you’re seeing the beginnings of the impact now in the margins you’re seeing in our businesses. So, pretty robust margins, we have plans to keep them in that neighborhood at least and I would say we’re still in the first 25% of this initiative. We’ve probably matured deals with somewhat over a third of our supply base, there is discussions with another third and then there’s another third that we’re jousting with a little bit. So, seeing the beginning of the impact now, still a lot more in front of us than behind us and I think it is going to be fundamental not only to our profitability but also the profitability of the people we work with. I mean, we’re taking cost out of our mutual business activities and those that are working with us are getting in many cases more volume from us part of the arrangement. So, this all gives us more flexibility on either taking it in margin or using it in price of the marketplace when we face those situations, and if we hadn’t have had this program, we wouldn’t be able to respond properly and so we’re going to keep pushing this one.
W. James McNerney: Well, the key factors around any significant decision around St. Louis eventually gets to F-15 and F-18 production. We are pleased to see in the current budget proposal that F-15s are supported in the FY-15 budget which takes us out through the end of 2017, the international orders on F-15 take us beyond that. Now, that’s not yet etched in stone with our government, so could there be a significant decision first part of 2015? Yes. Does it look if we may be able to navigate through that? Yes. But I wouldn’t want to say categorically that a decision wouldn’t have to be made at that time. Obviously, longer term, Long Range Strike is a program that we think we are well positioned to win which would certainly St. Louis over the longer term perturbation we would have face into shorter term.
W. James McNerney: Well, we were pleased to see that the cargo market growth has accelerated and in this last quarter is up. Our best analysis as we sit here today says that the marketplace will support the rates that we have in place. The macro picture is improving, we’ll just to have to look at it every quarter and make a decision for the Boeing Company. But for right now, we see – we think we are in the right spot.
W. James McNerney: Dominic, you are breaking up a little bit. I think I got the question. Our view of where it will end up based on our discussions with customers based on our pipeline hasn’t changed. I mean, you are right, we started a year-and-a-half behind the other guys. If you look at the trajectory of where we are at a similar point in time where they were, we are right, we are in a similar place. So the market share will be what market share will be, but our view hasn’t changed on that at all.
W. James McNerney: Well, I didn’t mean to leave the impression that we are not making progress, because we are. I think if you take a granular look, a number of partners have – are working with us on our partnering for success basis. So I didn’t want to leave the impression we are not making progress, we are. And I think it would be fair to say that over the last three to four months that another 10% of our partners have started working with us a concrete basis. Maybe that’s a better way to answer that question.
W. James McNerney: Well, I mean, it certainly is, we had a strong quarter, it really went across all the production programs. I mean, I haven’t gone back and looked at whether it was a record or not, but it certainly goes to the focus that team has on driving the productivity and even to Jim’s question prior on partnering for success and we are starting to see the benefit of that. So just solid execution across the board. That concludes our earnings call. Again, for members of the media, if you have further questions, please call our Media Relations team at 312-544-2002. Thank you.
Greg Smith: Okay. Well, Doug, let me start with cash flow. Certainly, you are right, I mean strong execution across the business and across the programs and that’s certainly driving our cash flow to date. And as I mentioned before, there’s timing quarter between quarter when you – relates to advances and milestone payments. So that – some of that is what you are seeing – equate that to timing is what you are seeing on the quarter. And as I mentioned, we’ve been pulling forward 787 inventory and particularly around 787-9 to ensure that that program enters into the production system in a very smooth manner of which it is doing. We also got some timing C-17 orders that we’ve talked about. So those, again, are related to timing throughout the balance of the year. So we still expect to see very strong cash flow through the balance of the year and really coming from the elements we talked about, continuing to execute on the deliveries, on the productivity as well as the 787 unit cost. Now, when you look forward into 2015, we expect to see continued growth in cash flow, again, through the execution on the production rate, additional productivity, international orders and that will be somewhat offset by our cash taxes and 777X R&D starting to kind of come into play, [but that could] (ph) you’ll see growth. And then, from there forward, as we talked about, you’ll continue to see operating cash flow growth throughout the balance, and again, that’s all executing on our production rates and continuing to drive productivity. I am not sure if I covered all your questions.
Greg Smith: Yes, yes, no – as I said before, we are not cash positive yet. We expect to be cash positive in the 2015 timeframe and that will be a blend obviously of 787-8 and 787-9, but if you step back and look at unit cost on 787-8 and 787-9, they continue to progress well as I’ve talked about on prior calls, as well as I would say the other key indicators that ultimately make into deferred and cash around flow time and overall cost of quality, all of those trending in the right direction on the program. So obviously we expect that to continue, continue to expect to come down the learning curve on the 787 as well as step down into [prior] (ph) pricing and continuing to work the productivity initiatives, all of that ultimately contributing to cash flow over the long term of the program.
Greg Smith: Yes, maybe just to kind of help when you look at just over $900 million of growth in deferred in the quarter, there’s about a couple of hundred million dollars in there that’s related to 787-9 pull forward. So, essentially, what they are doing is, as these products become more mature in the production system and the suppliers are performing, we are pulling those components and migrating those into the production system to allow a smooth transition as we are operating it at 10 a month and Ray and the team have a done a fantastic job in doing that and you are seeing that in the results, we are making our – obviously our deliveries. And so that kind of methodology they are utilizing in the production system is a risk reduction, certainly, impacts deferred on the near term, but as far as the long-term profitability and risk reduction on the program, absolutely the right thing to do. And as I’ve said to you in the past, the program team out there is focused on unit by unit improvement on all aspects, whether it is quality, unit cost or flow time and ultimately, cash and that’s certainly what they are managing, but there’s some near term, as I said, risk mitigating activities that we’ve taken into account here that do impact near term on deferred, but are absolutely the right thing to do for this program and that’s what you’ve seen in the quarter and you are going to continue to see some of that as we start to pull forward 787-10 products and get those into the production system, derisk the overall production system and get ready for 12 a month. On the overall deferred, there’s really no change, I said it would be approximately $25 billion, we are at $25.2 billion, but again, keep in mind, last two or three quarters we pulled forward 787-9 and that wasn’t in the original plan, there’s no question about that, but again, absolutely the right thing to do. So, we are continuing to focus on it, but like I said, Joe, it’s all about making rate and making unit cost improvements unit over unit and that’s what the team continues to focus on.
Greg Smith: Yes, no – 787-8 continues to make progress. So we are continuing to make progress there and as we have. So there’s really, I would say, they are continuing on the trajectory of reducing unit cost as we’ve been on.
Greg Smith: Hi, Cai.Cai Von Rumohr – Cowen and Company: Not to beat a dead horse, but if we take out the pull forwards which is not execution, it doesn’t look like the 787 deferreds are coming down that much. Hence, it is pretty – I am confused as to why you got a $1 billion positive swing in unit cost or about $500 million profit, which were the programs that were profitable or more profitable in the third quarter versus in the second quarter and how does that all [square] (ph) with the trend in 787 deferreds? Thanks
Greg Smith: Yes, I mean, on overall unit, we saw improvement on the 777 quarter over quarter and about flat on the 777. Now I’d give you some perspective, on the 777, we also had a block extension, 200 units that included the investment [to go up to 52] (ph) but also most of that, those 200 units were MAX airplanes. So I think it really gives you a sense of the value this airplane is bringing to the marketplace and at the same time, the focus on productivity that you are seeing on not just that program, obviously on the other program. So good performance I would say on the core programs and continuing to make progress on the 787, but when you look at unit versus program, Cai, you also go to take into the account, as I’ve talked before, mix. So you’ve got more early build on the Charleston and more 787-9s in there in Q3 and even with that, you’ve seen improvement when you compare unit to program. So continuing to make progress, still got a long way to go, but I think they got good plans in place, they are monitoring them, we’ve got the enterprise engaged on how to capture more productivity and then going forward, obviously, partnering for success and supplier step-down as we introduce new blocks into the production system. So all of that adding to the improvement in unit costs going forward.Cai Von Rumohr – Cowen and Company: Thank you.
Greg Smith: Sure. Our 777 margin did improve slightly in the quarter and again a lot other things I talked about on the 787 are obviously embedded into the 777. So we are continuing to try to reduce the unit cost overall on that program. So, you are seeing some of the results of that. On the period expense, I would say, the moving pieces within there are fleet support and as you know, we are introducing more new 787s to customers this year than we have in the prior years and we want to ensure that that is a very smooth transition. So we are making investments in fleet support to ensure that they do have – able to introduce those airplanes very smoothly into their operating system. And then R&D, so you are starting to see in the back half here, you’ll see 787-10 really starting to ramp up and you all see early introduction of the 777X R&D. So those are primarily the moving pieces. You also got a little bit of mix in the fourth quarter BCA margin where we will have a couple of more 747s that’ll be dilutive on the margin basis. But again, we are going to continue to manage that as we have. And if we see an opportunity to improve that margin in the fourth quarter, we’ll certainly capture those gains.
Greg Smith: I mean when you step back, just think about, and I’ve talked about this a lot, because there is a lot of big moving pieces in here, as I’ve talked before on advances or milestone, you step back and you think about last year and this year combined, over $16 billion of cash generation coming from the core operation and you look at that and then you look at the production rates, you look at the record backlog and the fact is I think we’ve got maybe three or four production rate increases going forward that we need to execute, we’ve already been through almost $17 billion to date. And that’s what’s giving us the confidence. The risk profile obviously has changed dramatically and the continued focus on execution and repurchasing $5 billion of stock this year really, again, looking forward, looking at the strength of the backlog, looking at our ability to execute on that backlog and capture additional productivity and that’s what’s really driven us to buy back the shares at the pace we have been buying back. And we put the authorization in place obviously to utilize it and we are going to continue to do that as we fit, but it gets back to just the fundamentals and I think the competitive differentiator in the marketplace, in the marketplace where you are looking at 5500 airplanes in backlog and we know where they are, we are very happy with the quality of that backlog, [gets to] (ph) execute on that and executing on that flawlessly and I think the team has done a great job and I think we are going to continue to do a great job going forward.
Greg Smith: Yes. I think as you think about next year, obviously, we’ll see strong growth coming out of BCA going into next year, again, executing on the production rates and we’re also expecting a little bit higher services revenue going into next year. Now, on the margin front, we’re going to have a little bit more R&D than we had this year and again, that’s a ramp-down obviously of the 787-9, ramp-up of the 777X and the 787-10 and then again, improvements on 787 margin expected into next year and then we’re going to continue to make investments in 777X automation as we’ve talked about I think in the past. So, those are kinds of moving pieces if you think about going into next year and then of course, we’re continuing to focus on the productivity initiatives I discussed. That’s generally I think the best way to look at it for next year and again, on the top line, we know we need to do and on the bottom line, we’re going to continue doing what we’ve – what we have been doing this year and last year on productivity.Sam Pearlstein – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Greg Smith: Well, as I say, you are going to– we’re going to see growth next year and expect to see growth thereafter and it’s really again executing on the production rates. Now, once you get to a peak rate, I would say that’s where you really maximize the cash flow of just the basis of the elements of driving the cash flow between progress payments and delivery payments. So, once we get to peak rate is really where you should see the real potential or peak potential from the company and then again the partnering for success and the other initiatives more mature out in that time frame. But, again, the top line is pretty solid, when you look, we know the rates, we know we need to do execute on far fewer than what we’ve had to, but – and we’re making investments today. We’re making investments in that growth whether it’s 787-10 or whether that’s MAX or 777X. So, obviously those investments will peak in as they get, I’ll take kind of the [key minus] (ph) entry into service and so there’ll be some offset there. But, again we continue to see a strong cash flow profile going forward driven on those elements of the business.
Greg Smith: I think all of those are going to come into play, and as you know, they’re all pretty much staggered throughout that next five-year period, but when you talk about investments as an example, we’ve already made the investments, [these are] (ph) accounted for the investments that go into 52 a month on the 737. So, again I think this is a demonstration of the strength of the market and the strength of the portfolio and again, I wouldn’t call it moving investments or moving rate to the right, it’s more moving rates up.
Greg Smith: I think it’s a combination or certainly getting to 12 a month, getting the 787-9 rate up are really the stabilizing factors obviously and continue to come down the learning curve internally and then the step down pricing on the supply chain are really the big drivers in there.
Greg Smith: Correct. Yes. Like I said, you know, if there’s opportunities to pull some of this forward and I’ll say verified in the production system, we’re certainly going to do that as we have with the 787-9 and as you’ve seen it has been very successful. But, that’s kind of a quarter-by-quarter, month-by-month decision that we’ll make as we get closer to those products moving into the production system, but 12 a month is a big milestone on deferred production.
Greg Smith: Yeah. No, absolutely, I mean, as you know, on initial order, there is no lot of cash that comes with that initial order, most of the cash associated that’s with progress payment. So, that’s where you’re seeing an offset and it’s purely just timing of progress payments one quarter to another. So, there’s nothing else to read into that other than timing on progress payments.
Greg Smith: Yeah. No, I wouldn’t say and you’ll see more strength in the fourth quarter. So that’s where you’ll definitely see some timing in there. And then as we talked about, you got a little bit of inventory when you look at it on a net basis, inventory build up on 737 and 787 that are also offsetting that. But, again I would – I just equate that to purely timing.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean, if you look back in history, history is sort of 75% growth, 20% to 25% replacement and starting with really the 787, it’s the replacement has been double that. Okay. So, a real (indiscernible) has changed. So, about half replacement, half growth. I think you’re going to see it continue for a while as the new technology we’ve developed rolls through our model families.  For example, you’re seeing it on the 787 today as it replaces the older medium sized wide-bodies and you’re beginning to see it on the 777 as we spiral the number of those technologies now into the 777, you are beginning to see it on the MAX and so I think that’s going to continue probably for another decade or so with a more robust mix of replacement versus growth which is the good thing about us in the sense that it will keep us disconnected from over all GDP trends. This is what gives us a multiplier on GDP. And I think it’s, and it all stems from the inventiveness of our people and staying out in front of the marketplace and our competition in that regard.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean, we would not see much impact at $70, okay. And it would have to be much difference than $70.
Greg Smith: Yes. I mean that’s certainly the 787-10. I mean, if we have an opportunity to do that for all the reasons I talked about on the 787-9, we’ll absolutely do it and that’s supporting profitable growth going forward and it’s a risk reduction and it is absolutely the right thing to do and again, I think the 787-9 performance demonstrates that. And so, that’s probably the one that comes to mind where we – if we have opportunities, we will. It could impact near term deffered, but I’ll say a long-term productivity and profitability for the program will benefit as a result of that and ultimately cash flow. You know, on the deffered, a year ago, I said approximately $25 billion, there is obviously been a lot of moving pieces within that number and the 787-9 performance on a unit cost basis and I think try to give you some color on the progress that’s being made there, they are making good progress, so expect to make more absolutely. We would like it happen faster absolutely, seems very focused on it and then making rate, and the team has done a good job on making rate and then the suppliers step down. So, all of those sentiments within deffered are being managed all around profitability and cash flow. Quarter to quarter, they are going to change. There is no question about that depending on what’s taking place in the production or where we can pull forward certain elements even if 787-8 inventory if we compose (indiscernible) we pull that in at the same time. So it’s going to more around, Noah, but as we enter into more 787-9 and we have the opportunity again to risk mitigate. We’ll do that as well, but we’re managing it obviously with a weighted focus mindset on cash generation and long term profitability and cash generation for the program over the long term. So, yes, there is near term decisions that you’re going to see but they are absolutely the right thing to do to drive again solid growth on both top line and bottom line for the program.
Greg Smith: Well, I think it’s certainly, we’re going to continue to do this quarter over quarter, I mean I certainly don’t see a profile to get to $2 billion, but it’ll depend on the decisions we make on pull forward and if we decide to do that and our continued focus on unit costs, so obviously it’s about making rate and coming down on the unit cost and we’re going to continue to focus on that. But like I said, is all about making investments now that have – ensure that we have long-term profitable growth on the program. We hope next year on a cash flow basis on the program, it certainly will be much better than what it was this year and again, it’s all those things that we’ve talked about and during 2015 we expect to be cash positive on the program. So we’re going to continue to execute on that and I would say kind of continue the productivity enhancements that the team has developed on the program that again really benefit not as much today, but definitely next year or next month or next quarter and following years to stabilize the production system and maximize the efficiency.
