W. James McNerney, Jr.: Thanks, Greg. With a strong first quarter behind us and implementation of the 787 battery solution well underway, we remain committed for the goals we initially set for 2013. That includes continued conversion of our record backlog into deliveries while generating strong core operating performance that allows us to return cash to shareholders while investing wisely in our products, technologies, and people to sustain our growth and competitiveness. Our priorities going forward remain clear. The profitable ramp up of production on our commercial airplane programs, executing on our commercial and defense development programs, driving productivity and affordability throughout the enterprise, continuing to strengthen and reposition our defense business with investments in growth areas amid further international expansion and importantly returning increasing value to both our customers and shareholders. Now, with that thought, we’d be glad and happy to take your questions.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, Howard, first of all, productivity and affordability is fundamental to everything we do, whether it’s running a factory, whether it’s running a back room or whether it’s designing and building airplanes. So that is a – that has been a main theme that is beginning to pay off, has paid off, and we will not led upon even though we’re beginning to grow significantly led by our commercial business. So productivity is foundational. now, growth is also a piece of the margin expansion equation. We’ve taken up rates on 777 and 73, you’re going to begin to see the rate, which is on schedule and we have confidence in that schedule and 87 begin to increase, a couple of multiyears have been nailed down in our defense business, which also gives us opportunity to use volume to help drive margin expansion. I also think, the other comment I’d make is that, we’re entering in a year now where our R&D is being used more efficiently. And I think that will not stop this quarter. And so notwithstanding some development programs out ahead of us, I think you may see more efficient use of research and development costs over the next period of time. So that would be my answer there.Howard A. Rubel – Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, I would think, the thought here would be and I would include the MAX in what you’ve just said there in terms of some ongoing development efforts. I think, look, I mean, if you step back for a second and look at this decade compared to the last one, we have the opportunity to harvest some hard-fought games in our Commercial Airplanes business. And we all remember the times of fighting through the 87 development where the technologies weren’t quite as matures we hope they’d be at certain point in time, we had to spend a lot of money. The 47-8 cost us a little bit more than we assumed it would. And we spend a lot of money in research and development. Now, this decade, this team is committed to harvesting some of the learning from that decade and also harvesting some of the technology maturation that was hard-fought and we now have in hand. So I think when you look at 777X, you look at a 10X or you look at a MAX, these are derivative programs that tend to leverage more efficiently what we know, there is not a lot of invention going on. There is a lot of creative application and use of a technological lead that we have and that leads to and I know this is a broader answer that maybe you are looking for, but that leads to confidence that more restrained levels of R&D can continue for longer periods of time.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think that there is – demand is strong. And in fact, to be honest, the first piece of 2012 surprised us a little bit, it is sort of above trend, I think it’s between 5% and 6% on an industry level. So demand on the passenger side looks strong. We do have confidence in the ongoing trend line sort of between 4% and 5%. But I think we have been ramping up production. There is more to go on the 737, I think we’ve given you visibility on that beyond the 38 that we just broke two. Could there be more beyond the 42? We’ll have to wait and see, but there is strong demand for narrow-body airplanes in the world today. I think the – getting to 10 a month, as all of you have mentioned to me is not a free throw on the 87. We have strong confidence levels that we are going to get there on the timing that we’ve suggested to you. Is there demand beyond that? There are many I think there is, but we’ll go through the disciplined process. So I think the middle of the wide-body, which would expand the 87 up to the 777, there’s more room to run there, and we’ll adjust our rates as we see it and narrow-body. So I don’t think it’s over yet.Robert Stallard – Royal Bank of Canada: Great. Thanks very much.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Thank you, Carter.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, I wondered if I could ask you to expand on a couple of accounting points since you know I can’t help myself.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think once we get to 10 and stabilize and feel good about where we are and all the operational metrics are in the – all within the right bandwidth, that’s the timeframe when we’d be making a decision to, and obviously the capital, and whatever investments are required in the continued demand, will all be taken into consideration, when we – and if we decide to take the rate up.Douglas S. Harned – Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thank you.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: No, I think as [MoDs go] in the end with the fixed defined and the implementation in hand, this is not a big one, okay. This is two batteries and two locations on the airplane that the locations don’t have to change much. There is some different interface to the electrical system, which is not rocket science, I guess, I would say, and there is the enclosure around the battery which fits into the spacing that already exists and then there is the exhaust system, which is designed, again, to easily retrofit. So this is days not weeks, it’s a standardized fix that we’ve already implemented on a couple of our airplanes and a couple of our customers’ airplanes already. And so we have a pretty high confidence level that we can be through the majority of this in a few weeks, mid-May out in the field and into our production line and it’s not a long pole in any tent, it’s not a gating item on any [perk chart]. So the straight-forwardness of the fix itself, the fact that it doesn’t represent a gating item in any other production or design gives us confidence that this won’t disrupt anything other than the schedule that we’ve laid out.Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs & Co.: It’s very helpful. Thanks a lot.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, we’d have to source through that, because if it did require taking up right, that would add a little more time into it. But it’s again we’d have to define that. And we’re working through that right now. I would say the one thing that we don’t lack for with the -10 is demand. Customers want this airplane. And so we’re being pushed to get this airplane out. This is more us being disciplined about feeling comfortable with the business case and about the stability as a manufacturing environment overall before we add something else to it; sooner rather than later.Cai Von Rumohr – Cowen & Co.: Thank you very much.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Good morning, Jason.Jason M. Gursky – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Congratulations on dealing with the battery issue, it’s a very nice way I thought.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah. I think on the – make sure I answer your question on the unit costs. But as we peak and then that’s when we’ll start to become positive on a unit cost basis, again, it stabilized, and that’s usually about a year, year and a half once we hit 10. and that’s the plan right now. But based on everything else, you’ve heard me say today, we’re continuing to try to pull that to the left the best we can. But essentially, that’s kind of a time frame that you’d be looking at on a unit basis.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Peter, we see South Carolina as exceeding expectations in terms of its performance to date. Greenfield operations in this industry are not easy and I give credit to the entire Boeing team plus the team in Everett that went out of their way to help make South Carolina a success story early on. So, all the metrics there are good in terms of production rates and efficiencies and cost and productivity. And as you pointed out, we are going to deepen our engagements down there. I mean, we have – South Carolina has, and we have put together a deal that offers incentives to us, but asks us to perform against those incentives in terms of investments and new jobs over, I believe it’s an 8-year period and we’re excited about that because I think Boeing overall is stronger and can handle the growth that we see in front of us. We see tremendous growth in front of us for the next couple of decades and we’re going to need a number of places from which we can draw talent and use capital, and so we’re very pleased that South Carolina is moving along as well as it is.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah, I mean, I would say, we’re coming down the curve as we had planned to whether it’s in final assembly or within Charleston. So I think the teams are tracking well to the plan we put in place there. And certainly as we’ve eliminated any disruption and we are seeing components coming in with no open work. Again, it really allows the production system to operate as it was designed and stabilize and therefore be able to come down the curve further and we expected going forward throughout the block. So again, I think we are making good progress, lot of work in front of us, but the teams are focused and dedicated to it and we got to stay on it.Jon Ostrower – Wall Street Journal: Thanks, guys.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think, one thing I’ve learned in this industry is not to comment on another guy’s airplane.Christopher Drew – The New York Times: Okay.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: So, if you don’t mind, I'll resist any Lockheed Martin or Airbus, I’m impressed enough with how hard it is to manage what I’ve got to manage. I would say though there’s a theme here. The – if you look back in the 100 years that we’ve been in business, we go through areas where we get excited by new technologies, because of the performance it can bring to our customers, whether it’s cloth to aluminum, whether it’s sort of quilted aluminum to smooth aluminum. And then, there’s – there are just technological shifts that have gone on and as you make the first bite of that apple, you tend to be on the bleeding edge for a while as you’ve heard me characterize, and I think that was the case with the 787. We should have been, that’s not an excuse, we should have been more disciplined about the way we went about that. And it has given us, and I think to your point, it now has given us a suite of technologies that we now can deploy now that they were matured in a bleeding edge fashion over the last 8 years. I think the next decade or two that allows us to mature these matured technologies into a number of applications. And each and everyone of the commercial applications that I talked about today whether it’s the 737, 787 or the 777, new derivatives are all going to be step function improvements, much more than a normal derivative even though the cost and work will be roughly the same as new derivative, but the reason they’ll provide, more benefit is because of all the investments and all the bleeding edge work we did over the last decade. So I think we may be in an era where we can absorb somewhat less risk and still deliver a lot of performance. 30 years from now will there be some new technology that we’ll all wrestle with, probably. Hopefully will there be enough people in Boeing that are here today that will remember the lessons learned from the 87, I hope so. I’m old. I’ll be on a beach somewhere then. But anyway that’s kind of the answer.Christopher Drew – The New York Times: Okay, thank you.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: We haven’t talked specific on the numbers. but it’s minor in comparison to the overall results. And again, we were able to absorb that by reallocating resources and expertise on to this. So again, what you saw in the results for Q1, we’re able to absorb that and that’s in those margins and at the same time, able to hold our full-year guidance based on that.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Yeah. I’ll take that one Andrew. I mean I think, as you know, there are no contractual obligations there. But having said that, there are a few places where we’ll work with our customers to ensure and there’s a variety of ways we can work with them to ensure that the disruption doesn’t hurt their results in there and their operation more than it needs to. And that’ll be at a different way with every, every customer.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think this will be a derivative airplane, a significant derivative airplane. The two new key technologies will be a composite wing, which will be a fourth generation composite wing for us. So this is an example of a game changing technology that we now have good experience with and now have matured and the second will be new engines on the airplane. And our discussions with customers have said that the range and efficiency that this engine wing combination will produce is significant in their minds. And that there’ll be a splitting of value between us and our customers that works for both of us, that’s those are the discussions we’re having right now. We have a lot of confidence that about the executability of this plane and the pricing we think, we can get that will benefit both us and our customers. So we’re pretty far down that evaluation and we’re excited about what we see.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Composite wings are incredibly efficient as compared to aluminum wings, not only in the way, not only in the aero dynamics, but in the weight on them. And that plus the engines are producing over 90% of the value of this airplane. let me just leave it that way.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: And the composite wing, the bigger of composite wing gets the more efficient it becomes and this is a big composite wing.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: Well, I think the market segment that this is going into in general, launches much range as they can get.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: And so we will have two models that have different capacities, so thick roots versus thinner roots. But range is something that within reason, they’re going to pay for. And that’s what the wing produces and that’s what the new engines produce.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: No. We’re not ready to announce the specifics on that yet. But it will be significant improvements in most metrics that you would associate with a new airplane.
W. James McNerney, Jr.: I think first of all, we see those two airplanes addressing different market segments, and so I think and the 777 market segment is a bigger one than the 47-I. But we don’t see the 777X introduction cannibalizing significantly the 47-8, which was the implication of your question. So I think we see two market segments there and I think the timing, the timing is up to the approval of the board of directors. But it wouldn’t be a shock if this was settled before the end of the year.Steve Wilhelm – Puget Sound Business Journal: Okay, thank you.
Gregory D. Smith: I understand.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, Inc.: On the program versus unit, you guys were about $900 million in the quarter, but there was only one 787 delivery. So I wondered if…
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah.Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital, Inc.: First you could expand on that? And then secondly, on the deferred production per unit, it looks like you tick down pretty nicely there to around $70 million a unit. I know you went through the 100 unit in the quarter, and you had said that there was a good step down in cost there. So I’m not sure if you can comment within those units if you saw even further progress from the beginning to the end, but any color you can provide, that would helpful.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I mean, look I’ll tell you, first quarter was a combination of timing and improved performance. We certainly were very active in managing our cash in the first quarter and we’re able to pull in some advances that were frankly timed in the early second quarter. But day-to-day very disciplined approach to cash management. I am feeling comfortable and feeling good about full year guidance and obviously the profile on cash from now going forward will really be hinged on the ramp up primarily around commercial airplane deliveries, in particular, on the 87.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, just because of everything that was going on around the 787 and the battery, we refrained from doing any repurchase and as I mentioned we’re going to get back in here on the second quarter, and we’re still committed to the $1.5 billion to $2 billion for the full year.
Gregory D. Smith: I haven’t gotten into specific costs on the airplane for obvious reasons. But I would tell you from a unit cost perspective, we’re continuing to come down the learning curve, and we expect to do that going forward. And again, as I mentioned, it’s not just within our own factories, it’s within our supply chain. I mean, just to give an example, I was out last week lead airplane, they’ve got metrics in place, hours per job, what it is today, what it is on the next airplane, what it needs to be next week, what it needs to be by the end of the year. So they are very aware of what they need to do to come down the learning curve. And again, I think as the production system stabilizes, you’re starting to flush out the efficiencies and we’re assuming they’d be able to do that as we continue to deliver more airplanes.
Gregory D. Smith: No, I mean, I mean, internally I’d say, it’s a pretty traditional learning curve with objectives to meet that curve and then within the supply chain, I think, as I’ve talked before, it’s differed by supplier by supplier depending on what was negotiated. So in some cases, we do have step down pricing at a specific unit. On other cases, you have more of a, I’ll say, kind of a traditional curve. But it differs supplier by supplier as we kind of work through discussion with them. So you won’t see what I would say a traditional learning when you look at an overall basis you have on other programs. But, again, it’s obviously a very big focus item for us, and the teams are very committed to continuing to look at efficiencies and again whether it’s just a supply chain once any airplane program gets to rate and stabilizes, we’ve been able to prove that we’ve been able to flush out inefficiencies and come down the curve even further. And frankly, I think the 737 is a great example of that where that airplane has been production a long time and there is still opportunities that we’ve been able to capture and efficiencies and we’re going to continue that discipline on the 87. So a lot of work to do, good plans I think in place, but a very committed focus and team to continue down that curve on a unit-by-unit basis.
Gregory D. Smith: No, it will be gradual, it will – part of the production plan there is to, as you phase out NG, ramping up MAX at the same time so there is some capital that we’ve invested there to really do that seamlessly and have the MAX running down and we improved out on one line as the NG line continues to be at peak rate and then we’ll make the full transition. So I think they’ve got a very good discipline, well thought out manufacturing plan, well in advance of going into final assembly obviously. as far as pricing is, I’d say, it’s pretty much in line and it’s playing out within our expectations. As I said before, certainly, when you have end of line or you have airplanes that are first launch customers and so on, there you see some more attractive pricing in that regard. but overall, I think it’s coming in within our expectations.
Gregory D. Smith: And the team is doing a great job, executing rates, I mean record rate there with record low shortages, single-digit over time, and a very good plan in place to get the 42.
Gregory D. Smith: And on your question on services, I mean I think overall, in both sides of our business we see it as a growth opportunity. I think if there was a theme – since we’re leveraging the largest installed base in aerospace in both our Defense and Commercial business, there is an asset that many other don’t have. And but on top of that footprint, I think there is a theme of injecting more technology and more IT into the services we’re adding. And so I would say those two themes plus the theme of sort of packaged multiyear commitments, where we’re guaranteeing some performance with technology and the reason we can do that, again some known income stream does. And the reason we think we can do that more effectively than others is again, because we know the technology involved better than anyone else. And so I think these multiyear deals, more IT, particularly on the logistics side and more technology for mods and modifications, I think that all spells a major growth opportunities. We just keep our feet underneath ourselves and make the right combo of acquisitions and internal investments. And it seems to be going well as you noted.Jason M. Gursky – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: That’s great. Thank you.
Gregory D. Smith: It was in – the majority of it wasn’t reflected in our Q1 results and that was cost, period cost and particularly around R&D and around our route cause investigation, redesign and the testing of that and then also our estimated cost of incurring the repair for a customers’ fleet going forward. So that’s what was primarily reflected there. And as far as the cost basis you referred to in the 1100 units, there was a slight increase there for the additional retrofit on the undelivered airplanes throughout the balance of the cost base.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, we managed to absorb this. So it was – it was really a matter of priorities. I mean re-shifted our priorities and our people on to this effort from other efforts. And this is a one Boeing effort, so it was people from NVCA and BDS and our engineering and technology areas and so on, so….
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, with regards to the learning curve, yeah, you’ve seen a 60 per slope there from unit 8 to 100 if you compare that to 777, some of that obviously is just the upfront disruption. But over time, the learning curve assumptions will be very similar to what we’ve seen on the 777. So it’s really just kind of the upfront units that really differentiate that curve.Jon Ostrower – Wall Street Journal: How are you seeing the 787 curve now, is it – how is it kind of working with the first 100 airplanes, I mean obviously, there was a lot of disruption in terms of the reworking of all that.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, I’ll start with the cost. As I mentioned earlier, the costs that were incurred in the first quarter were around the root cause investigation, the redesign and the testing of the components. and then an estimate of what we think it’s going to cause to repair the balance of the customer’s fleet. That was predominantly what was reflected in the first quarter. I’ll let Jim talk about.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah. it’s when we reach, when we peak on our deferred production and basically, peak at rate in about a year, a year and a half from that time period is when on a unit basis, we will break the curve versus program accounting.
Gregory D. Smith: Yeah, again I would say it was not significant. You saw it in the first quarter results. So the margins, just softer BCA absorb that and again, not significant. When you look at the overall program over a 1100 unit; very, very small because if you think about it, you had to put a battery on those airplanes, you’re putting a different configuration here. So it’s rather minimal on a unit-by-unit basis, if you look over the 1,100 units.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, the 787 inventory is going to continue to grow as we build up for ramping up production. And then that will be offset by the increase in deliveries. So we expect it to grow. It’s planned to grow as we increase again, as we increase rates. And some of that will be offset by the increase in deliveries. But this quarter, I think, total program was about $28.8 billion.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, we’ve got 25 airplanes that are on the ramp today that are completed out of final, five in Charleston, 20 in Everett that are essentially waiting for the battery to be swapped out. So those airplanes obviously, once we get through the retrofit, we’ll get them in to our normal test flight schedule and customer delivery and they’re all assumed in our delivery profile through the balance of the year. Operator, that concludes our earnings call. Again, for members of the media, if you have further questions while we didn’t get to your question, please give our media relations team a call at 312-544-2002. Thank you.
