W. McNerney: Thank you, James. Let me close by simply reiterating our focus and priorities. To deliver on our development programs, successfully ramp up production rates at Commercial Airplanes, extend and reposition our Defense business, and continue to harness the earnings power of our core production and services programs across the company. I'm confident in our team and our abilities to deliver on these priorities.  The underlying operating engine of this company is running very well. It provides the foundation and strength to support our development efforts and deliver on our growth and performance in the future.  With that said, we'd be glad to take your questions.
W. McNerney: Well, this is Jim. Listen, I think the framework for thinking about it is the same as when we last talked about it, which is the airplane -- if we come up with the right airplane in roughly the 2019, 2020, somewhere in there, I personally feel that there's a strong argument that the market will wait for us, notwithstanding the re-engineering. Most of the feedback we're getting from customers is in alignment with that, but we've got to work through and we are this year, working through what the airplane will more precisely look like. So for me, putting our backlog at risk twice, once for the re-engineering, not to mention the cost of two development efforts, and then again, with the new airplane, only makes sense if the new airplane wants to be developed in 2025 or beyond. And I think based on what we're learning to date about what our customers need and what technologies we have available to us, I think we're leaning toward the development in the 2020 timeframe, but we're going to confirm that as we go through with this year. Preserving the option, if we're wrong as we go through the analysis to re-engine, but I don't think it's going to turn out that way.
W. McNerney: No. I agree, Doug. I mean, I think what I would look for though is R&D down in the medium term. I mean, I think the -- if this scenario plays out, new airplane developments, except for a possible derivative as you point out, 787-10 would be an example of that. I think those are going to tend to be in the second half of this -- the derivatives will be in the second half of this decade, and then new airplanes will be at the end. If that situation plays out, we're going to be down for a few years on R&D. That doesn't mean we're not working on the things we have to work on to get these airplanes out. As you can tell, there is a lot of investment in research and development in this company, even $1 billion lower than we would be at next year for example. And so I think you would -- we can still sustain the investment in people and technology we need to get to those new planes significantly down from where we are today.
W. McNerney: Well, I think, yes. I mean, I think some engineering resources will go down, some will go up, but the net will be down and these aren't all internal costs, as you know, Doug. I mean a lot of these are external costs. But we will fight hard to preserve the core engineering capability in this company during a period even when we're down. I think the way to look at it is we're extraordinarily high now, and not so much that we'll be cutting to the bone then. I mean we are writing very high to get these development programs done, and we're paying the price for being late. But I'm going to make sure that we don't cut too deep. We have done that before in our history and we're not going to do it again.
W. McNerney: You're right, Doug. I'm not being very clear. We're going to make sure they don't come together, okay? Yes, I think that's one of the independent variables in the equation. And as we look at the market, we think that is going to make sense for a marketplace standpoint too.
W. McNerney: There were certainly upward pressure. We have a process we religiously follow. It wouldn't be a total shock if at some point, it did get extended, but we're working through it right now.
W. McNerney: No. Heidi, this is Jim. No. I mean ETOPS is fully in the schedule, and is contemplated to be completed. I mean we don't want to deliver these airplanes without ETOPS, and neither do our customers and neither does the [indiscernible] by the way.
W. McNerney: There's a lot of questions in there, Heidi. The high-level answer is that we think that this situation is more manageable than the one in '97 turned out to be. That's the high-level answer. Now that doesn't mean it's without challenges because suppliers are delivering higher level of aggregation to us than they were back in times past on the 737 program. And as a result, there is sort of a double whammy. If they deliver it not completed, that's work that we've got to do that was unanticipated as you know. I'm telling you something you know. But we are seeing now on the current airplanes very high levels of completion. I mean we are now through a lot of the issues that caused some of the backed up work. And on top of that, there's been some engineering change based on what's going on in the flight test program. But that is beginning -- it has been for the last couple of months to get under control. So still challenging, fully built into the schedule, healing up in terms of the suppliers getting the work done, less for us to do, and fully contemplated in the schedule.
W. McNerney: Joe, the quick way into the end zone on your question is that we had a very conservative view and a significant amount of margin in our production ramp up plans. A lot of that margin is now eaten up by this latest delay. But we are not changing significantly, the trajectory of our ramp as compared to what we planned before.
W. McNerney: That's part of my answer. Everything slid to the right, roughly equivalent to the delay and that is offset by a contingency we had in 2013, okay? So we had a very conservative view of the ramp when we talk to you, and a lot of that margin is now gone.
W. McNerney: Well, I mean, there is no question the ramp is challenging. It was going to finish earlier than the end of 2013 by our internal plan, but that's largely eroded at this point with the slide.
W. McNerney: Well, I mean one way to answer your question, I think, is that we have a very clear view of what we need to do. The FAA has been working very closely with us. Now the clear view of what ETOPS is, is ETOPS is different this time around than it was on the 777. The FAA quite properly has got a new way -- it used to be just sort of cycle-based back in the 777 days. Now it's kind of fault-based, condition-based. And so it is a series of tests that we got to go through, we understand them. The question is exactly what data is applicable to each test point, the FAA, and we are working together to make sure we do it right. And so we've got a little wiggle room in the sense that it's the first time we've been through it. We think we understand it. Could it be a couple of weeks less, or a couple of weeks more? That's all encompassed in the margin in the guidance as we go through this different ETOPS testing regime. We've largely gotten most other things done. So we got to get this one done.
W. McNerney: Yes. I think, yes, we are in agreement. We've got a temporary fix in right now that we're all flying with for score, the FAA is flying with us, and we'll be implementing a permanent solution on all the airplanes that we have all been discussing and all understand as we go into ETOPS. That fix needs to be in before the ETOPS testing. But that's, I think, it's very fair to say that the FAA and our people are working very closely together, have a common view and there is no misunderstanding between us about what needs to be done on what timing.
W. McNerney: Well, I mean, yes. I think it would be sort of in the 20 to 25 area. I mean another way to look at it is we're working on -- I'm looking at some of the guides here about airplane 31 now and the completion, there were completion rates on the incoming is very, very high. And so our production system is getting stable. But in the first 20-plus airplanes, there's still some work to be done and we're going through it.
W. McNerney: We do have a current estimate within our own production planning system, but it does move around a little bit. So we're just -- we're not going to disclose that.
W. McNerney: No. I think the best way to answer that question is, and we go through each of our programs asking the question that you're asking, and I think when you take everything into account, demand, backlog, supplier readiness, investment, and take that all into account, there's more bias to move up than there is to move down from the announcements we've already made. So we've got to sort through that, make sure it makes sense, and we're a long way from announcing anything different than we've announced. But I think when you take all that into account, there's, as you point out, that there is I think, on balance, some opportunity.
W. McNerney: Yes, I think it's the latter. I think there's -- we're always asking the question but we're mindful of the readiness of our supply base, very mindful of that. As Heidi pointed out earlier, lived through an experienced what we don't want to live through again back in 1997. So those announcements are pretty solid. I think it's beyond that, that we're looking at.
W. McNerney: I think the discussion level is about the same as it was this year, which is higher than we thought going into this year. Now, whether that converts to orders that are the same, a little less, a little more, it's really hard to know. I think we tend to approach this pretty conservatively and we'd rather be surprised. But the level of discussions are still high, and what gets converted remains to be seen. And it could be up, could be down, but we'll have to see.
W. McNerney: I really don't -- if I knew, I'd tell you. And therefore, I really want to hedge. I mean I'll just say discussions with customers are about the same level as they were during this year, and what that produces will remain to be seen.
W. McNerney: I still think the -- it's really across the board, as I see it reflect on it. I mean I think most areas of the world are -- I'm just thinking through my head, most areas of the world, there's a pretty good pipeline of discussions going on, including the U.S. I wouldn't say, other than the Middle East and Asia, I wouldn't say anything else really stands out.
W. McNerney: No, I'm struggling -- I mean very few means very few. I mean most of the orders were straight up or conversions of options.
W. McNerney: I really don't know, Susanna. I don't have that number here in front of me, but there weren't very many. I'm struggling to think of any, but we'll get back to you.
W. McNerney: I think BCA headcount will go up somewhat this year in support of the new airplane introductions and the readiness prep, and that would be both in Puget Sound and in Charleston.
W. McNerney: That's a total company number, Dominic. I think that you're remembering a quote in response to a question I had a month or so ago.
W. McNerney: Well, I don't want to answer for GE, Christopher, as you can imagine. I don't think -- I think you're talking about the Avionics deal. I don't think that, that threatens the proprietary nature or the innovativeness of our airplanes here. If I did, I would raise my hand but I don't see that. And we all have to strike a balance between protecting our IP and innovating, and I don't know what's going on in the minds of the GE folks and so, and I don't want to try to represent it either.
W. McNerney: It's one that everybody has to be mindful of, I know I'm very mindful of it since I run this company. And it's always a balance that has to be struck. But you're right, I mean the way you asked the question, you cannot give up your ability to innovate just on an expedient short-term basis. That's not a winner in long term.
W. McNerney: Well, Charleston is going along well. The final assembly capability we're building there for the 787 is actually ahead of schedule. We're feeling good about its construction and the hiring of the people that we are currently training to work in that facility. You're right, we have a surge line in Everett, which is a temporary line to give us the flexibility to make sure we move the work properly to Charleston that we're going to move. So that's all working well. The 767 line is, I guess, that really depends on tanker, yes or no. I think in either case, we have a plan for that line to either morphed into a tanker line, and as you can imagine, spent a fair amount of time planning on how we would do that and feel very confident of that move. And if we do not end up winning the tanker competition, we think there's commercial demand that can keep that line open for a somewhat longer. But I think everything's sort of in front of us. I think the bigger question is implementing all these rate increases that really are a tremendous economic opportunity for the Boeing Co. over the next two or three years. And we feel equally confident there. So production plan, you're on an important issue, production planning and execution. We're spending a lot of time on it and we feel great about the opportunity in front of us.
W. McNerney: Well, on to the rates that we have announced now, there is not too much that has to be -- you're implying big capital expenditures and...
W. McNerney: No, not too much because this team in Renton has done a wonderful job in freeing up capacity with lean and productivity, so we're moved to one of the big bottlenecks, which was the wing operations, which has really been transformed over the last few years and you may know some of the details there but that was the last big bottleneck. And so the capacity isn't free but it isn't what you can often have in these situations. It's pretty efficient move up.
James Bell: So yes, the CapEx you're seeing next year would be a peak number. Again, it's because a lot of the expenditures, specifically on Charleston slip from '10 to '11, just some timing and then also some of the catch-up for some of the infrastructure effort that we haven't done, if we really managed cash more tightly over the prior years. So I expect that to be a peak. What we told you last year over this two-year period, we'd be over $5 billion in cash and we're sticking to that even though we've added to the cash pressure, the fact that we're going to make a discretionary contribution to the pension plans of $500 million. So I think that what you see happen in '11 is going to be very closely tracking to the guidance that we provided for '11. But I also want to remind you that as we think about going beyond that, the rates we've announced on 777 and on 737, the benefit of that will start occurring in '12. As Jim just mentioned, as we look out and see us getting done with the 787 and 747 programs, the principal development in '11, we'd see R&D go down. So I think you could see that '11 is the year that we're really focused on now and have some challenges with it. But if we get through the things that we have on our plate to get done with, I think after '11, you'll see cash flow jump back up.
James Bell: Joe, it's not a key, it's another element that has to be taken in consideration in terms of additional costs associated with the scheduled sliding. But it alone, with a lot of the other assumptions, as well as the improvement we're making and being able to confirm now and include in our assumption. So it's a factor but clearly, it alone would not have a significant impact on whether the program would be in a loss position, or not. But clearly, it's something we had to take in consideration and address. The cash has been -- the cash impact of the slide is in the guidance. We do understand that, as well as what Heidi mentioned earlier, about the behind schedule auto-sequence work. We have taken all that in consideration in our review for determining whether the program was in a forward loss and our going forward cash projections.
James Bell: Yes. The $18 billion will still go up, Joe, but at much lower rate as we start to deliver and relieve the inventory. So that's the way to think of it. It won't be growing at the same pace of $6 billion a year. I mean, you will still have some entries but it'd be a lot lower rate than what we've experienced to date.
James Bell: Yes, that is not contingency and there's not any built-in. That is preparing to support the airplane when it enters into service and stuff like having that's being ready to help the pilot be prepared to fly the airplane and to be able to support the airplane wherever it flies. And by the way, when you think about fleet support, we have it on the 777 and the 737, the airplanes that are already in service. Why it's such an issue here or such an impact to earnings is because obviously, one, we're not delivering yet and two, when we do deliver, we're expecting zero margins. So it's not covered by the gross margins of the program, but it is. The infrastructure that needs to be put in place when you put an airplane into service, that's going to fly all over the world.
James Bell: First of all, just putting the infrastructure in, it didn't have to be service. So the growth won't be as sizable, but it will grow to a level and it will be at a sustained -- one that will be sustained overtime according to what that infrastructure is.
James Bell: Yes. So some of the R&D -- the high R&D at the end of the year was associated with the change in the model on the 787-9, where we are maintaining the control and design of that whole program. And so we are paying the suppliers, we're contracting with our supplier base as we go. So a lot of the growth was associated with that and I don't have the exact number, but that's what a lot of what you saw in terms of increase over the normal run rate was associated with that, Cai. Going forward, obviously, the run rate will be higher, the first part of the year and tail off at the end as we complete certification and start delivering it. So I think you should look at the profile, higher in the first half, starting to diminish over the last half.
James Bell: That would be the expectation if everything goes according to the current plan and the current schedule.
James Bell: Yes. On the cash part, the way the model works, we get about 40% of the cash before we deliver at about 60% at delivery. I haven't worked the numbers but it's not a significant piece of the cash we are estimating or guiding you to next year, but it does contribute to our overall operating cash picture.
James Bell: It would have an impact, it would be lower, though I haven't calculated the numbers, but it would be lower.
James Bell: No. And the zero margin has been incorporated in the guidance. We've been saying that for the last year or two, but we are not yet ready to dispose what the opening initial accounting quantity will be.
James Bell: Well, I mean for the FAAs, you'll see more of the impact after '11. But in '11, you'll see us delivering at AEW&C at zero margin and that will have a diluted impact. And also, the tanker, also at zero margin. So that's the mix issue along with the contracting environment where we're seeing lower profitability on some of these contracts.
James Bell: Well, I don't think we've seen any deliberate slowdown. What I think is happening there, there, clearly, are fewer programs that are being competed now. And I think that those that are, there is an obvious say, focus on making sure there is a disciplined process in to barely go out and procure those. But I wouldn't say that we've seen any slowdown. Obviously, taking the tanker out of that equation, obviously, that has been more prolonged because some of the issues and challenges they've had on that procurement. But in general, I would say not.
James Bell: It doesn't change the relationship. It does change how we're executing that particular development effort. As you recall on the base development, the partners had more economy as to going out developing their particular fees and they recover those costs as they delivered the units, and they were amortized over their delivered units. On the 787-9, we're keeping a little more close control and doing it more typically how we've done it in the past where we would outline what the development effort is and contract with the supply chain for their particular piece, which means we would pay them as we go. And so what you saw in the fourth quarter was that change.
James Bell: Yes. It's on the development piece only, the design/development end of it only. I mean we wanted to be involved, more engaged. We found ourselves having issues on the original program, and we found some ways to improve on that, and so when we got into the development phase of the 787-9, we implemented those lessons learned and that's what it is. I mean for the production piece, clearly, it will be the same relationship we've had in the past. So it's a very small piece, it's just that the differential change from the 787-8 to the 787-9 on that effort.
James Bell: Those are numbers I don't think I ever talk about. I think I was talking to the impact of moving from the inventory growth that we're going to experience -- we have experienced over the last several years and that rate of growth will probably diminish as we go in to '12 and we start delivering them. But what I was saying is that we increased our inventory last year by $6 billion on the 787 program. It will grow by $6 billion again this year, and then we would expect it to diminish, although continue to grow but at a much lower rate going into the outyears as we start delivering the airplanes and so we relieve some of the inventory.
