W. James McNerney: Thanks, Greg. With a strong first quarter, we've built on our momentum from 2011 and increased our confidence in meeting our goals for 2012. Our priorities and focus for the year remain the same: production ramp-up and profitability across all our Commercial Airplane programs; successful execution of ongoing development efforts on the 787-9, the 737 MAX and the Air Force Tanker; and repositioning our Defense business while extending our core programs and expanding internationally. Now we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
W. James McNerney: I -- well, it's a timely question. I just got back from Everett and Charleston, taking a look at the lines. Doug, I think our confidence grows every day, quite frankly, in our ability to deliver the learning curve that underlies our plans. I think we do have a high degree of confidence that the mid-60s line number will be -- will have the production lines flowing exactly the way we want it. And the change incorporation side of Everett is also performing well on those planes that -- where we did have a significant amount of rework. And that is going well, too. I mean, as we modify more planes, there's a learning curve involved there, too. And we are on track with both the regular production and the modification. I would also add that Charleston looks very good, and we -- you're going to see the rollout of the first airplane later this week and delivery this summer. And I think the learning curve progress in both places are giving me more and more confidence every day that the costs that underlie our plans are going to be met.
W. James McNerney: But we'll be working that down, which is the second element of the equation. As that gets worked down on plan, and by the second half of the year, you should notice a significant decline in the number of those planes hanging around and delivered to customers. And so it's a combination of both the production line smoothing out beyond line mid-60s and change incorporation planes being delivered, I think, is going to give you the same confidence we have today.
W. James McNerney: Well, you've named a couple of things right there. I mean, I think the C-17 affordability and acceptance on a global basis is progressing. The F-18, which you didn't mention, is a highly affordable aircraft. The last multiyear took significant cost out of the aircraft and shared it with our customer. I think our Satellite business, if you look at the market share associated over the last 12 months and also going forward, looks very promising. You've seen an expansion of our product line in the Satellite business to the medium power and the smaller satellites, both of which have good launch orders. I think the Helicopter business remains very committed, too, even in a very difficult budgetary environment, and our position in the Helicopter business is about as strong as you can get. And it's -- and I -- and that's clearly because any conflicts that can be envisioned out there are -- in many ways are buttressed by a strong position to be able to move troops around regionally quickly. There's a -- and then, of course, we've invested significantly over the last few years either through prototyping or external growth and acquisition in cyber, unmanned and ISR. So we're trying to position ourselves well for that world that's coming at us. And when you add it all up, both on market share on the international side is increasing, and our -- the -- and our position within the U.S. budget is strong. And I didn't even mention P-8 and Tanker, which are the 2 growth programs that are on top of all of that. So we feel like it's a down environment in defense. We feel about as well positioned as we could be. And as you know, we're addressing the cost issue very aggressively on top of all of that.
W. James McNerney: So when you say Embraer, you're talking about some localization efforts we've got in Brazil. I see. Yes, I mean, the F-18 Brazil competition is along with similar competition in the UAE and other places. I mean, we have some significant international opportunities. I think we have a good shot in Brazil.
W. James McNerney: I think the summary on pricing is 777 steady, steady as she goes, capturing value, in many ways a uniquely positioned airplane today and significant productivity associated both with better conversion and with taking up rate. So the margin environment there, I would say, is good and favorable going forward. 37, all of the comments I just made on productivity apply. Significant productivity, both absorption kind of productivity due to increased rate as well as conversion productivity per unit. Slightly more aggressive pricing environment due to the introduction of the MAX and the NEO. So there's launch customer kinds of pricing that have happened in a few cases. But I think at the end of the day, the -- we anticipate about half of that market, which is a big number. And we see a pricing environment that's not too different than the pricing environment we've had historically after we get through some of the launch customer -- loss -- launch customer pricing, which is part and parcel with our business.
W. James McNerney: Yes. Well, our philosophy is that we don't let pricing get in the way of margins. And the answer to that is productivity. So that's the plan.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think job 1 is to get the MAX in the marketplace. And as you point out, the MAX-9 and the A321 do fill a lot of that mission. Now admittedly, I think there -- when you compare it only to a 757, there is a -- you've either got to stress this -- the -- A3 stretch in the sense of stretch economically or mission-wise the -9 or the A321 into some of the thicker routes that the 75 is involved with. And I think we're trying to think through exactly how to fill that market. But the largest part of that segment is going to be filled by the larger versions of the narrow-body. But there's some product planning we have yet to do to do it, and we'll announce that in due course.
W. James McNerney: Yes, it -- I mean, you know the equation. I mean, there are some competitive environments where the price, like it often does in these introductory environments, where the price was pretty aggressive, even more aggressive than an immediate productivity plan to offset the margin we have today. But our judgment is that over the long term, as you look at history and how these kind of pricing environments sort out, even when you're conservative, we feel comfortable that productivity in the long run, on a program basis, can offset the pricing, any pricing environment we see.
W. James McNerney: Lee -- Cai, I would just say overall, as we've said, as we get beyond the engineering change and we stabilize the production base, this business will become more and more predictable in terms of its projected execution. And I'm -- it's -- I don't know whether to laugh or cry at the award you just gave us. First quarter ever. But having said that, we have increasing confidence that as the issue becomes more and more centered on production execution, which this company does pretty well, and we reduce the risk significantly on change incorporation and supply chain, we have growing confidence. Now the guidance we've given you has some back-end loadedness to it, and that's just because that's the way the production ramp is happening and that's the way the learning improvement in change incorporation is happening that Greg talked about. And so I would say while there may be an opportunity to do better than the low end of that guidance, and I think there is, but we're -- the guidance is what it is, I think the ramp nature of it leads us to be conservative and to call it that way as we sit here today.
W. James McNerney: Yes. I mean, I think the -- as I think we told you then and as we feel today, the fix was understood quickly. It had to do with workmanship. The workaround was quickly identified. I think it is now -- has dovetailed both into change incorporation and the line. I think roughly 14, 15 airplanes have already been reworked. I think in our world, it did have a schedule impact within our month-to-month schedules, which we don't share with you, that doesn't impact our guidance for the year at all. But I would say, understood, fixed, moving forward and we're in good shape.
W. James McNerney: Well, I mean, obviously, we manage a process that tries to separate the wheat from the chaff implied in that question. I mean, we work very closely with our customers, understand the financeability of what they want to do, understand their fleet plans. In many cases, as you know, Rob, the demand for these airplanes is driven as much by fuel efficiency as it is by supporting growth. So -- and the price of oil, where it is and where most people think it's going to go, a lot of the demand is driven by replacing older aircraft or aircraft that may not have -- and that this may happen -- this may happen to a greater degree today than it has happened before because financial markets remain open to finance these things and this is all about improving the bottom line of the airlines. So it's some growth, particularly in Asia and Middle East, it's replacement in the developed markets supported by financing that's there. Then I would ask all the questions you'd be asking about: Is this a bubble? Is this -- can you support the growth? Are you going to be in business? And if we get to the point of seeing it differently, we'll adjust our plans.
W. James McNerney: Well, obviously, we'll confront whatever environment we find. But I think the -- American is working through the process now, and they -- and we support them emerging from this thing as a stronger airline. If at that point, a merger makes sense to the 2 managements of the company, we'll support that as well. Obviously, U.S. Air does have more Airbus airplanes than Boeing airplanes right now, and American has got more Boeing airplanes than Airbus airplanes. And that's because of the missions they fly. So we've seen mergers before. If it happens -- it's not clear that this one's going to happen, by the way, in our view. But if it does, we'll confront the environment that we've confronted before and we tend to do pretty well.
W. James McNerney: Well, it's hard for me to know exactly why Airbus bid what they did or didn't. I think -- or EADS in this case. The -- I will say we were aggressive, as I have said, and we worked our supply chain very, very hard and got the same kind of commitments from them that we, in turn, were making to the Air Force, which is a fixed-price development environment. So a lot of elbow grease, a lot of working with partners in advance to get to a number that we thought was aggressive but responsible. We have known all along that the tightest part of the program for us will be the development phase, which is what we're in right now. But we're hitting every milestone. I believe, based on what they've said publicly, our customer is happy with the progress. We're focused on it every day. And there's no doubt that this is an aggressively bid program, but the war fighter and our customer is benefiting from our efficiencies. And the last thing I'd say is that we brought together the Defense side and the Commercial side of our company together more aggressively than we've been able to do historically, and we took a lot of inefficiency out of teaming together as One Boeing to get this pricing capability where it should be, as well as working with our supply base. So elbow grease is the answer to your question.
W. James McNerney: Sure. I mean, just an update on the 737 MAX program. We're on schedule. We have got the statement of work that we're going to do and not do. We'll have firm configuration next year. We think we struck the right balance between containing the work statement to reduce risk and providing the new engines and some other tweaks that bear only on the efficiency of this airplane for our customers. So we're feeling good. I think Wichita, the -- as you know, the Spirit operation supports a number of our programs. The -- where they have the most content is the 737. And they've been back to work full-time starting this Monday after roughly a week's delay. And we are cautiously optimistic that there will be no material impact to our programs, any of our programs, this year. And we'll update you if any of that changes.
W. James McNerney: Well, I think you've seen us take some moves to diversify our manufacturing base somewhat. Charleston is an example. And that's -- that is an element of the thinking.
W. James McNerney: No, no, I didn't -- as to the first part of your question, the -- no, no change. I mean, it's -- those are one and the same comments. I'm just using slightly different wording. The -- and Jim Albaugh will be leading the entourage on Friday.
W. James McNerney: The gear turbo fan, the -- yes. The -- right now, as I think we've announced many, many times, we are working exclusively with CFM on the MAX, and we're very happy with the development there. We're confident that we can meet the targets that our customers need and that we've promised them. So that's our plan going forward.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. Just let me just try to take a shot at this, Doug, and give you some perspective. But certainly, when you look at a unit cost -- from a unit cost perspective, from the first airplane that was delivered, say, to like line 60, we're seeing about a 40% to 50% reduction in unit costs. And that's truly coming down that learning curve. Now there's no question it's bumpy when you look at it per unit because some of those airplanes have been in flow longer than others. But when you just generally look at the trajectory, it is coming down the curve that we would expect. When you asked that -- what do we look at specifically, obviously, we're tracking airplane by airplane versus what we would consider our target and budget. We're looking at out-of-position items on every airplane, shortages, condition of assembly, quality, flow time, how many hours we're burning per job versus what we budgeted. And all of that, obviously, given us the confidence to make either the next rate break or overall indicators the production health of the system.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. So on that difference, about -- roughly about 80%, 85% of it was 787 related, if that helps you.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, yes. So for -- yes. Well, no, there was positive on -- particularly on 777 and 737. That was about $150 million to $200 million.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. Yes, that is. I mean, certainly, block extensions would help. But putting that aside, just to give you some -- I talked about -- on the last call, but we're looking, obviously, within the factory, and some of the stuff we just talked to Doug about. But also within the supply chain, we've got about 300 to 400 different projects in-work right now that are all around profitability. So as those mature -- and some of those, obviously, won't all come to fruition, but the ones that do mature, then we'll put them in the booking rate.
Gregory D. Smith: They really range, but we've got a good process in place for identifying them and then bringing them to maturity. But just depending on how complex they are, Carter, depends on how we can get comfortable that we can really capture the productivity that maybe was initially identified as we went through the process. And as I said, we're doing that with our supply chain as well and utilizing our experience with this and some of our lean experts, and bringing them out to the supply chain. And we're going to be doing a lot more of that going forward as we continue to focus on profitability on this program.
Gregory D. Smith: Sure. Well, as you said, we had a great first quarter and off to a great start, but it's early. When you look at the balance of the year, I think we've got great plans in place to execute. But we do have the, as you said, the dilutive impact on the margins on the 87 and the 47. We've got some plans for investment in some productivity tools. As we get these programs at a higher rate, we're again looking for further opportunity to streamline the production system and lower flow times. Obviously, we got some taxes with those higher deliveries in the back half of the year. And then we do have some provisioning for just risks and uncertainties that are just tied to -- in fact, we got to make another rate break, which, again, I -- we got good plans in place to do on the 87. And we got a 47 rate break coming up. And so we're just kind of provisioning for that as we execute. Now if we execute through that, that'll certainly give us more confidence, and we'll come back to you.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, yes. I mean, so some of it is volume. It's just BCTM coming down, as we expected. We had fewer launches in the quarter. And then we had a mix between -- on the satellites between government and commercial. And then some adjustments, some small adjustments to EAC. So that's basically it. And we see good plans in place to recover, to be within our guidance for the balance of the year.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. Okay, let me start there. I mean -- yes. I mean, when you look at those units, as I said, 40%, 50% on average is what we're seeing. On the change incorp airplanes, certainly a lot -- they're all different depending on what condition of assembly and what changes need to put in place. So what we have there is kind of traditional metrics in place about cost per job and how many open jobs are left, et cetera, by airplane, by section of the airplane. And that's where we look at the productivity there of are we achieving the plans that we have in place there or not? I would tell you as of now, we're within our plans. So what we had originally thought that it would take to complete those airplanes, we're coming down that trajectory. So certainly, still a lot of work to do there, but we're making good progress. I would tell you we're trying to take advantage of learning in a nontraditional assembly environment, where we've got the airplanes broken out depending on the number and the complexity of the jobs open, and we've got mechanics assigned to the same job. So an example. If you're assigned to take this wire harness out on this airplane, you're taking it out on future airplanes. And we hopefully capture a learning within, and we've experienced that up to now. So I think we've got that well understood. But certainly, a lot of work in front of us. But I think it's operating very well. Your other question on 787, it's about $22 billion gross inventory.
Gregory D. Smith: And that's on average. But I can tell you -- and hopefully, this answers your question, but we're seeing unit cost improvement on the airplane quarter-over-quarter.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, it does. But as I said earlier, on a -- when you look at it on a unit basis, it's not linear because of the different airplanes that you're delivering. So you're delivering some out of change incorp, you're delivering some out of final line. So it's not -- you're not going to see the linear effect quarter-over-quarter here. But overall, it's -- we're seeing improvement on a unit cost basis.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, I mean, all I can tell you is that on a unit basis, it's a 50% improvement. When you -- that's what we look at as, obviously, we look at the deferred production. But we're looking at improvements and coming down learning curves, we look at it on a unit by unit basis, and that's essentially what we're seeing right now.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes, I don't think we've talked about that specifically. What we did talk about is that deferred production will hit about $20 billion at about -- in 2013. And then as we continue at 10 per month, that'll start to burn off.
Gregory D. Smith: Well, we had -- obviously, we had the onetime on the legal reserve and then we had Saudi. So as you know, we started that contract early, and we reached an agreement. And we were able to meet those milestones and capture that revenue in the first quarter, all in the first quarter. So that was pretty significant, not something that would continue through the balance of the year.
Gregory D. Smith: Yes. I mean, we expect fleet support to kind of moderate now that we've reached the level from -- going from Q4, Q4 last year to Q1 this year. So that -- we expect that to moderate. But there is some increases in period expense like I talked about earlier that we're expecting in the kind of third, fourth quarter timeframe. That, combined with the dilution, is really what -- what's driving that. And like we said, we're provisioning for some uncertainties as we get through these rate breaks, which we certainly plan to, and we got good plans in place, we'll readdress it.
Gregory D. Smith: No. Not yet. I mean, I just -- they're essentially in line with what we had this quarter. And primarily all driven by 87.
Gregory D. Smith: It does peak this year. And then as we kind of ramp off down on the development programs and come up more on the production programs and then with productivity, it comes down in 2013. That's the projection right now.
Carter Copeland: Just a clarification and then a question. Greg, on the accounting differences in the quarter. It looks like you have just about just over $1.2 billion. I wondered if you could comment on what the gross amount would have been for the development programs and whether that was materially higher than the net that you reported for the quarter.
Carter Copeland: Okay, great. And you stated briefly that improving profitability on the 87 and the 47 were -- was a focus.
Carter Copeland: Would you think it's possible? I mean, I'm not thinking short term here. But per that comment, would you think it's possible to increase the reported margins on these programs without seeing block extensions? Is that something that's was in the realm of...
