Lauren Budden: So yes, just in November when we gave guidance, it really hasn't changed much in our view. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had a $30 million to $40 million shift in revenue -- or sorry, incremental revenue. Of that $10 million to $15 million was an increase in days on hand inventory levels. And so that, we have seen the inventory levels brought down earlier in the first half of the year. So that was a piece of that. The rest of it, the $20 million to $25 million was the shift that we saw in order timing from Q1 to Q4. So for that, that was in advance of our ERP. And if you were to normalize for that, which contributed about 12 points benefit to our U.S. revenue growth rate, we really achieved the high end of our guidance range there.
Lauren Budden: So yes, we have a lot of additional opportunities for improvement, especially if we exceed our revenue targets and you saw that in Q4, we had tremendous operating margin. It was over 20% on an adjusted basis. And if you normalize for the revenue shift, it was about 17%. So if we can exceed revenue, we can have a lot of incremental margin opportunity. But keep in mind that we will be balancing that with investment. So as Jim mentioned, we have a lot of new product launches coming up, and we want to make sure we're executing on our strategic imperatives to drive future growth in 2025 and beyond. So we will be balancing that with the revenue drop through to the bottom line.
Lauren Budden: Yes. So really, it's more about a volume business at this point. We did get a big price lift throughout 2023 from the conversions into the pharmacy channel. But as we've mentioned previously, those conversions are largely complete by this point. So we're not seeing that going forward. We did have a price increase like we normally do in early September, which was pretty minimal. It's just under 3% kind of in line with the cost of living adjustment. So just keep in mind there, though, we don't see the full benefit of that because some of it goes to the DDM in terms of rebates and to the wholesaler fees. So at this point, for 2024, I would pretty much say that you should focus on the volume, not the price has leveled off. The great news is that we are getting that continued price lift going forward, but it shouldn't be an incremental change.
Lauren Budden: Yes, I'm happy to start off and then Jim feel free to add on. Yes, we definitely feel like we have room for expansion, both on margin and gross margin in the near term and in the longer term. We did great in Q4, and we have lots of opportunities as we're setting up with the product launches that we have this year that will accelerate the top line and be able to allow us to drop more through. We haven't put out guidance beyond 2024, but we are planning on doing a long-range plan later in this year.
Lauren Budden: Sure. So for 2024, even with the significant volume benefit that we realized in '23, we're guarding to very strong revenue growth. We expect to achieve almost $2 billion in revenue and our guide represents $300 million of revenue growth in terms of dollars. So your question in terms of what changed from the call we provided, it was really just that revenue shift of 20 million to 25 million of orders that were -- would have been Q1 but were placed in advance of our ERP implementation. So the estimated impact of that is 3 points on the total company and 4 points on U.S. Omnipod. So overall, our guide is strong. And as we've mentioned, we have many catalysts for growth in '24 that's going to help accelerate it and particularly in the back half with those new customer starts and provide strong revenue growth for the year and into 2025 and beyond.
Lauren Budden: No. I mean it doesn't really stay on the shelf that long. I mean we -- it's a pretty efficient channel. In terms of the visibility into the date on hand though that's not something that we ever included in our guidance, and that's something that we can't control. And so unfortunately, this quarter, we had the double whammy of them taking the inventory level back up after they had taken them down earlier in the year. And then at the same time, we had the ERP pull forward dynamic. So I don't expect that we'd see something of that magnitude. But again, when we have something like this, what we do is, we call out and we tell you when it happens, we don't have the ability to guide to it. It's not something in our control.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Rohin. I'll take the first shot at that, but then I'm sure Lauren may want to comment as well. I mean I think that the main -- there's just a core driver to new customer starts for us, which is Omnipod 5 is clearly the most preferred product in the market. We lead in new customer starts. Wherever we take Omnipod 5, we lead in new customer starts for people coming up with MDI, and we continue to take a lot of competitor share. So the Omnipod 5 offering as it exists today is already an underlying growth driver for us. Then there are a number of things that we'll bring to market in 2024 that will drive a lot of growth. We'll be able to drive international expansion for Omnipod 5 in 2024 as we said. We're aiming to get into the G6 product to market into the Netherlands along with sensor of choice in U.K., Netherlands in the first half. And as we've said, by the end of 2024, we expect to have Omnipod 5 available to the majority of our customers in our European markets. And then obviously, G7. So we're really excited to have been able to accelerate our G7 LMR by a couple of weeks, a little bit earlier than our expectation. We've been in market now with the LMR for not quite 3 weeks, about 2.5 weeks and aim to bring a full market release of G7 during the year, which we think will continue to drive new customer starts for us. So we're very, very excited about that. So there's a lot of catalysts coming in our innovation pipeline that will drive growth on top of the already existing leading market position for Omnipod 5. But I'm sure, Lauren, will want to pick up on -- at least I'm guessing, Lauren, you want to pick up on some of which you asked her as well.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks, Jeff, and nice to hear from you. So one way to think about this is that we're prioritizing the sequencing, right? And so we know that driving the integration with sensors and driving sensor of choice as we call it for customers is really, really important. And you can see -- in a way, you can see what we're doing here because we're already into LMR with G7 in the U.S. We're going to learn a lot about that integration here. We feel very comfortable with it as it has been through [indiscernible]. But you put the LMR out in the market to see the product in the wild, right, and make sure you're happy with it, make sure customers are having a great experience. And we'll learn from that LMR in a way that will allow us to accelerate G7 in the U.S. and then internationally. We haven't guided the timing on anything outside of the US on G7 but the LMR is important in that way. Very similarly, we're looking to be able to accelerate our LMR for the Libre 2 Plus integration in Europe and working hard to get that to market. The experience we're having right now with the RADIANT trial, which is our Libre integration trial in Europe suggest that that's a great wear experience for customers as well. And so you can see we're accelerating that LMR in Europe. We'll learn from that LMR too. So -- and we haven't given any timing guidance on Libre for the U.S., but you can see what we're doing is we're kind of parallel processing the 2 LMRs to maximize our learning and kind of optimize our resource use across the geographies, if that makes sense. Very high priority for us to get sensor integrations up and running to give choice and also because what we want to do is we're really prioritizing making sure that customers that want to be on Omnipod 5 can get on Omnipod 5. And that's our top priorities to drive this. It's really -- it's proven on -- Omnipod 5 has proven to be a revolutionary offer. Lots of people want to be on Omnipod 5. So we're working hard to make sure we get the sensors integrated as quickly as we can into the various geographies as quickly as we can to provide that kind of access and option to customers and working hard to optimize the way we're doing it, so we can maximize our learning in time to market.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, Jason, great question. It has been -- we've talked about this consistently in the past. So what we want to do with Omnipod 5 is generate the evidence we need, which is we're doing with our G6 RCT, which I mentioned in the comments we're doing with our RADIANT trial. We're generating the evidence we need to establish Omnipod 5 as a first-line offering and then go and negotiate for reimbursement across our international markets. Reimbursement levels that are commensurate with the extra value we're creating with the Omnipod 5 offering. And so our goal is to drive a price premium. It's a little bit different from what we did in the U.S. because when we launched Omnipod 5 in the U.S., we launched it into the pharmacy channel, pricing parity with DASH because we knew that would streamline time to full coverage in the market. So we got to full coverage. In the European markets, what we need to do is make sure we're negotiating kind of reimbursement body. It's different in every market, and there's tenders, there's ministries of health and so on, but we need to negotiate those market by market, but we have to generate the evidence that's required to be able to have that conversation. So far, we've been very successful with that. So working in the U.K., we're very comfortable with where we've landed with reimbursement levels in the U.K., working in Germany and so on. And so we're going to continue to drive that and work really hard to achieve a premium for Omnipod 5 everywhere we launch it. And then remind me the second part of your question, it was all the gating factors. Gating factors, it's a little bit different by every market. Sometimes it's reimbursement -- sometimes it's sort of cloud connectivity. We've made a lot of progress on that latter technical front. And then it's just preparing for commercial launch and making sure that everything is lined up to do that. We're making terrific progress. And as we've said, I just want to clarify, actually, I think Jeff just said that we said we'd be in the majority of our markets. We haven't said that. What we've said is that by the end of 2024, there may be a technical problem on the call. What we said by the end of 2024, we will have the majority of our European customers have Omnipod 5 available.
Jim Hollingshead: Larry, we're having a technical problem on the call. And so I'm going to take my best shot at answering your question. And so on guidance, nothing has really changed from our guidance. I think that the guide we've given on revenue and on new customer starts, I mean, it's pretty consistent with the color we gave on the November call. And the big move is actually the unusual order pattern where we had $20 million to $25 million of revenue pulled forward. We're still guiding to ramping new customer starts in 2024. The change -- the only real change in the guidance that we're giving compared to color is that we're guiding to a 13% -- roughly a 13% operating margin for 2024, which is actually an increase from the color we gave on the November call. And there are a number of opportunities for us to do that. But we delivered really strong operating income through 2023 and actually exceeded what we had guided to for 2023 because if you remember our guide in 2023, it was high-single-digits, which you call it like 9.5% plus, and we ended up delivering well above that. And we're now guiding to 13%, which as Lauren explained in the prepared comments, represents 100 basis points over what we achieved at the end of 2023, but more than 200 basis points or roughly 200 basis points above what we would have achieved without the revenue pull forward. That 13% OI guide, is the only real change from the color we gave in November, if that makes sense.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Margaret. It's a great question. And again, I'll start and if Lauren wants to chime in on the back, I'd welcome that. Just to go back to context, we actually didn't put this in the prepared comments this quarter, but we've -- in the past, we've pointed out the endo market is somewhere around 70 -- 7,000 to 7,500 endos in the U.S. We know that a number of prescribers that we have are either endocrinologists themselves or their so-called physician extenders, which will include nurse practitioners and physician assistance, but we're clearly getting prescriptions beyond that. We're clearly getting prescription writing outside of endo practices, in PCP practices and in smaller practices, and that dynamic continues to grow, and we can see it in our own data. We don't have perfect insight into it out of the various available data. But we can see we're reaching more and more health care practitioners. And that's we believe we're doing that through word of mouth, through our promotion activities, which include both direct-to-patient activities and also direct-to-physician promotional activities online. And then the other thing I'll say is that it's been very, very powerful for us, sort of along the same lines. The Omnipod GO commercial pilot has proven to be a terrific investment for us this year because what we're learning -- we're learning a lot more about what happens in the primary care channel for people living with diabetes. And just a couple of things we're seeing, we've learned a lot about the target patient population for Omnipod, we've learned that primary care practices when they think pump, they think the [indiscernible] thing with a tube that they would never prescribe and then when they see Omnipod, there's a little bit of a head dynamic, and they say, "Wait, you know what, that's so easy. My patients could do that. We could do that." And so we're very confident we're going to be able to drive demand for the Omnipod platform across primary care. And I think we're seeing more type 1 patients than we anticipated in the primary care channel. So to your point, we're very optimistic that as we continue to drive learnings out of our Omnipod Go pilot, we're going to be able to find a new kind of new avenues for driving demand for Omnipod and really driving pod therapy -- Omnipod therapy into the world where patients need it most. And so we're very optimistic about that. And so we continue to see that trend as a positive signal for us, but we're really excited about what we're learning out in the world with our commercial pilot as we go.
Jim Hollingshead: Why don't -- we'll have Lauren start on the guide and then I'll pick up on the competition. Go ahead, Lauren.
Jim Hollingshead: And we can always clarify this offline, right? So -- but it's a decrease in the denominator, increase in the numerator for '24, you get the normalized number, right? So it's a double whammy in that $20 million to $25 million. So the underlying guide remains the same, respectively. On the competition, yes, we continue to have really good new customer starts. And historically, we always had 80/20 of MDI and competitive switching. After the launch of Omnipod 5, we obviously caught a lot of competitive switchers, and we've done really, really well. We continue to have. So if you think about pre-Omnipod-5 and that 20% of competitive switches and with Omnipod 5 and 20% of competitive switchers, it's a larger number than it was, right? So because new customer starts are up overall, so we continue to do very, very well. And the underlying dynamic there is we also retain the vast majority of customers that we get from competitors. Retention is very, very strong. And we said that, we do think -- we had the benefit now of hearing our two competitors' calls, and we have the benefit of seeing what's happening out in the market. We don't see -- there's little things around the edges, I would say. We don't see any fundamental underlying shift in the competitive dynamic. Omnipod 5 continues to be the preferred product. But I would say that one of our competitors has done a better job of staunching the bleeding in their installed base. And so you can see a little bit of that dynamic going on in the market. But we're still clearly the preferred offer -- clearly winning with MDI and just winning with new customer starts overall very, very clearly in the market.
Jim Hollingshead: Great question. Thank you. Pharmacy is -- our offer -- the Omnipod platform offer is much better suited to the pharmacy channel than tubed pumps are, much, much better suited. 2 pumps at the end of the day, continue to be durable equipment. And there's all kinds of things that I can go into the weeds here and talk about this, but I'll just say it's not a surprise that we see competitors trying to figure out how to get in the pharmacy channel with a durable tube pump because we've been so successful in establishing the pharmacy channel for AID. And as we would expect, competitors are -- we've established market leadership across basically the whole range of our offer and competitors are going to chase that. It's -- there's -- what we've learned is, there's a very big learning curve in pharmacy. It's very, very different from the DME channel, the economics work better for us because there's -- in all cases, the value is actually in the pump, whether it's a durable pump or it's the pod. And the fact that the value is created in our consumable, which is the pod gives us an inherent advantage as we -- it starts to get a little abstract, but it gives us an inherent advantage as we're in that channel. Couple that with the fact that we have very, very wide coverage in the pharmacy channel, we have established contracts across the PBMs. And we've had very successful growth with all of our PBM partners. We think we have a very defensible position there. People who use insulin go into the pharmacy to get their insulin, whether they're getting it from retail pharmacy. So it's a great place for them to also get their AID-pump therapy and Omnipod continues to be very uniquely positioned and the value prop of Omnipod in the pharmacy channel will continue to be very uniquely positioned as we go forward.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, great question. The way to think about Omnipod GO is that we hear a different language about this. And I'd just be really clear, we're not in limited market release with GO, we're in a commercial pilot, right? And so that's a step before -- I think I said this last quarter on our call as well, that's a step before an LMR. The product itself is ready. It's out on patients, it's fully approved. We continue to grow coverage for it. So that's a step but we're ahead of schedule and coverage. So the way to think about the Omnipod GO commercial pilot is the gating factor is not timing, it's learning, right? So what we're using it for is to establish the right commercial model, both for GO and for the primary care chain. And one of the reasons we're so excited about the pilot is that we are learning an awful lot out of that pilot. And so -- and where we're going to land on this thing, whether we commercialize in '24 with GO or commercialize -- get to more of an FMR in '24 or sometime in '25, where we're going to land is we're going to be in the primary care channel first and second, one way or another, we're going to have call points in primary care. And the other thing is we will have the broadest offering for people living with type 2 diabetes who need insulin delivery. So we're already the market leader with DASH in that space very clearly. We know -- we have our pivotal trial going to Omnipod 5. As we said before, we know Omnipod 5 is actually being used off label. In a lot of cases, we're not promoting Omnipod 5 off-label, but we'll have -- our goal is to have the label for Omnipod 5 in the short order coming out of our pivotal trial, and we continue to have a plan to file with the FDA for that label extension in '24, and we'll have Omnipod GO. And that gives you the whole coverage for people using insulin with type 2 all the way from I'm initiating basal insulin 2, I'm using intensive insulin. And so we'll have that full portfolio of products, and we'll have a very clear way to commercialize that in both primary care and in the endocrinology channel. So that's why I'd say I'm very excited about the commercial pilot with Omnipod GO. We are learning the ton and it's going to make us much better commercially as we get into that and get that full portfolio on market.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. We think it's a really big opportunity. If you look at the sensor market, you've got millions of people using Dexcom sensors and millions of people using Abbott's sensors. So the G6, G7 family products and the Libre 2 and Libre -- now emerging Libre 3 family products by creating the integration across that range. So prioritizing G7, prioritizing Libre 2 plus and then 3 that we're working in parallel. It opens up a really large substantial market for us. The two -- we love working with both of our partners. They both have great technology. They're both really good partners. Development pathway with both of them is really strong. They're slightly -- they have slightly different positions in the main geographies of the U.S. and Europe in terms of their installed base, but both of them have very large installed bases. And both of them have, as we've always said, CGM pays road for us because people get used to having an on-body experience with a sensor and it makes it much easier for them to then jump to an on-body experience with an Omnipod. And so we think it opens up -- you can go look at the market share, the estimated market share for our two partners, but we think the Libre integrations open up a large installed base both in Europe and the U.S. of people who will be ready for Omnipod because they're used to a on-body CGM experience.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Sam. If you just look at the size of the end markets there, and I'll repeat numbers that we shared before. In the U.S., there are about 1.6 million people living with type 1 diabetes. And if that market is about, probably, something less than 40% penetrated with AID therapy. Then in the type 2 market, there are somewhere between 3 million and 4 million people living with type 2 who are on basal-only therapy. And somewhere around 2.5 million people living with type 2 in the U.S. who need intensive insulin therapy, so basal plus bolus. Omnipod 5 is really aimed at that intensive insulin therapy population, about 2.5 million people in the U.S. And therefore, it's a larger end market than Omnipod 5 plays in now with its current label. We know that, that market is less than 5% penetrated with AID therapy. And we are already the market leader in that segment of the market because Omnipod DASH has a label there, and we know we're the clear market leader in the space. So we're very optimistic. Omnipod 5 is very easy to use. It takes a lot of the burden off of managing your diabetes. That's why it's been so successful in the type 1 population. And we're very optimistic about that value proposition going into the intensive insulin using type 2 population, which is a larger end market than the one we're playing in today. So we think it is a really important opportunity and a market that, by the way, will continue to grow over time.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. I'll do those in reverse order. The first one is on the tubeless form factor. We obviously watch our competitor pipelines as closely as we can. And in terms of what is out there publicly that we can see, we don't see anything coming in that time frame that's even close to what we have in market right now with Omnipod 5, just in terms of the whole package, the convenience, the ease of use, the scalability, the wear experience, automated needle insertion, we could go on and on about the feature set that we are very confident in our competitive position. We're never complacent. We have a lot of respect for our competitors, and we know that what -- because Omnipod in general, but Omnipod 5 has been so successful, everybody wants to chase it. So that just makes sense, and that's how competition works. But we are very confident in our competitive position, and we don't see anything coming in anybody's pipeline that even matches what we have, and we're going to continue to drive innovation. So we're going to extend our lead. On the first part of your question, it's a really good question. Yes. We're obviously doing very, very well in the market with our existing offer. And as I said in the prepared remarks, it's really -- we really see it as our minimum viable product, and we've done so well with it. But on specifically the G6 and G7, what you're seeing and it's -- you can go look analytically at the underlying script data, what you're seeing is G7 is really doing well with new customer starts. So a lot of people going on to G7. And you guys have heard this is probably corny but you've heard me use the metaphor before, about fishing. If you think we're out fishing in the stock pond, the pond has a lot of G6 in it, but it's got more and more G7 in it all the time. And so we want to be able to go out there and fish in both bonds and proportionally, G7 is a larger and larger part of the market. We want to -- now I'm going to mix metaphors. We want that wind at our back of all the patients coming under G7. We know the offer together, Omnipod 5 and G7 is going to be terrific and drive a lot of growth for us just like Omnipod 5 with G6 had.
Jim Hollingshead: Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We are really excited to have delivered another outstanding year for Insulet. We're focused on extending our leading position with our deep expertise and strong emphasis on innovation, operational excellence and further improving the customer experience. We remain committed to driving value for our shareholders through margin expansion and cash flow generation, all while maintaining our emphasis on investing for growth. I also want to once again thank our outstanding Insulet global team for their dedication and their focus on innovation and passion to our customers. Thank you, everybody. And with that, I'll thank you all and wish you all a great evening. Good night, everybody.
