James Hollingshead: Thanks, Margaret. Great question. We think that the timing of the product launches is really critical to ramping over the course of the year in '24. And so that's why we're really excited to be in LMR and be able to say that we anticipate full release of G7 in the U.S. over the summer and to already be in LMR going really well with our sensor of choice offering with -- including the Libre 2 Plus in Europe. And we do think that both new customer starts continue to accelerate over the course of the year and revenue continues to accelerate, and we'll see the revenue results more strongly in the second half. 
James Hollingshead: I think there's a bunch of things. And let me start with the stocking question and then come back to the competitive question. So stocking, we're only ever going to call that out if there's something unusual. And channel -- the stock in the channel is back to normal. We don't see anything unusual happening, and we're not going to talk about that unless we ever see something change that we think changes the trend or whatever. So that dynamic is totally ordinary in the quarter.  So on the competitive position, we feel really strong about our competitive position. We're very, very confident in our competitive position. New customer starts in the first quarter in the U.S. came in right in line with our expectations, and obviously, in Europe did really, really well, which led us to raise our guide.  And I think competitively -- give me an opportunity to just say a little bit about how we see the dynamic, which I'll try to be concise with. In the U.S. in type 1, the bulk of the market is still on MDI, as you all know. So we estimate that, as we've said before, 40% of type 1 patients in the U.S. are using some sort of pump technology and 60% are not. Our offering in Omnipod 5 has been designed to convert people off of MDI onto our technology because it's so simple to use, simple to put on, simple to use, simple to stay on, easy to access, great economics and great clinical outcomes.  And so that's why we always say MDI is our target market. And from a competitive positioning point of view, we win that battle very, very handily. We clearly lead the market in MDI. And it's really Omnipod 5 that's growing in the market in type 1 for technology because we have such a clear leadership position there. In the remaining 40% that's penetrated, you do see there's a portion of that market which does have some competitive switching.  And what we see over and over again and again in this quarter is that we have the net winners in the competitive switching game, and that's a smaller part of the market to begin with. And then it's only a fraction of that market that's up for conversion at any given time because of the 4-year lock-in on the tubed pumps. But we are clearly the net winners in any kind of competitive switching dynamics.  So in sum, we lead in type 1, clearly. We lead in type 2, clearly. We lead very clearly in MDI, and we win the competitive switching game in the installed base. And so we feel very confident. Omnipod 5 wins everywhere it goes. And we see that over and over again. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Jeff. Great question. We are really excited about the opportunity for AID in the type 2 market. And as we know, we're already the clear leader in that market with Omnipod DASH. So in the pump market with Omnipod DASH, very clear leader. And you all know we don't promote Omnipod 5 because we don't have the label. So we don't promote Omnipod 5 in the type 2 market. But it gets written off label fairly frequently, as you can kind of reverse engineer out of our numbers.  That's why we're so excited to be getting so close to filing with the FDA for a label extension. Because right now, we're out in the market with one arm tied behind our back. And we have a very firm conviction that as we get that label extension, we'll be able to drive dramatic growth in the use of Omnipod 5 specific -- not just AID obviously but Omnipod 5 specifically in that market.  So we're getting very close. As we said about the pivotal trial, we've not just completed enrollment, but we have last patient through the trial. So we're in the process of gathering, cleaning, the normal steps of pivotal. We're gathering, cleaning the data. We're preparing our FDA filing. We're well on track to file. We've given guidance that we will file by the end of the year. We are very well on track to do that. And based upon what we've seen from our competitors, we're clearly out in front of everybody else in that market.  But also remember, Omnipod 5, the offering itself is going to be -- it has a very clear right to win in the type 2 space because of its ease of use, its discretion, its availability in the pharmacy channel, its great outcomes, which we'll demonstrate further with data in type 2. So we are very, very bullish on the type 2 market. It continues to be a very clear unmet need, and we feel like we have what will be the best offering in the market. And we'll probably be there first. 
James Hollingshead: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. It's our intent to show data from the STeP trial at ADA and with a specific focus on showing the subset analysis of people who are on GLP-1s in that data. Yes. 
James Hollingshead: Thank you very much. So G7 will be a tailwind for us once we get to full market release because of the nature of prescriptions, new customer prescriptions for CGM in the U.S. market. So I know you all look at this. But if you go look at new customer scripts for CGM, G7 has overtaken G6. And so you guys have always used -- heard me use this metaphor of fishing in a stocked pond. We've done obviously very, very well fishing in the G6 pond and have led the new starts with G6.  And in the quarter, I think you can see from our new customer starts, it has not been a headwind for us to have the G7 out of the market and be so well adopted because what we found -- and with new customer starts right in line with our expectation, what we found is that if people want to be on Omnipod 5, they'll stay on the G6 or if they want to start AID on Omnipod 5, they go get a G6. So that hasn't been a headwind.  But G7 will be a tailwind because there are more and more patients out there on a G7. And as we've said all along on the Omnipod 5 ride since we've launched, the CGM -- our CGM partners pave road for us. And so DexCom is now paving the road with G7. We need to get a car on that road, right? So that's why the timing of G7 launch is really important to us, and we want to get on market with it with full release as quickly as we can. And that's why we believe G7 will be a tailwind in the second half and will drive more new customer starts in the second half because we'll add G7 to the portfolio. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Patrick. It's a great question. That's part of the purpose of the commercial pilot, is to get out in the real world and see how those practices operate because historically, our call point has been endocrinology practices. And so we're out calling on primary care and specifically on primary care who, when you look at their scripting behavior overall with things like CGM and insulin, look more like endo practices than like true general practices, right? And so we've been out in the world calling on those practices to see how they manage patients, how they manage diabetes therapy. And we've learned a lot.  And what we want to do out of that learning, coupled with the portfolio that we'll bring to market, is to figure out this -- kind of the term of the right selling motion. So that will include what's the right sales rep design, so the role description for that sales rep, what's the right support. Right now, we have quoted reps paired up with clinical service manager reps, who do both. Does that mix of rep look the same? Is it different? What's the reach? What's the so-called share of voice and design and commercial model?  I think the reason we're so bullish on what we've learned out of the pilot is, first of all, as we've said in the past, Omnipod as a platform is so simple to use that often the phenomenon is when we walk into those practices and say, "We're here to talk about an insulin pump," their first reaction is we don't do insulin pumps because they're too complicated. And then we show them Omnipod GO, and they say, "Wait a minute. That's an insulin pump." And it's so simple to use that it leads to a more holistic conversation about insulin delivery. And often then they start to ask about basal/bolus solutions, which then leads us to talk about DASH.  And so one of the key learnings is we think in those practices, there's an opportunity not just for Omnipod GO but ultimately for Omnipod 5 in intensive insulin therapy. And the other thing I think we're finding is that there's a range of patients out there. So I think the kind of stereotypical view is that type 1 patients are treated in endocrinology and type 2 -- a lot of type 2 patients are treated in general practice. But we're actually finding there's both in both.  And so a lot of the intensive user -- intensive insulin using type 2 patients already in endocrinology, but we also see them in primary care. And we see actually a surprising number of type 1 patients being treated in primary care as well. So we think the opportunity there is different and more promising than when we initially launched the pilot, and we will be making a determination about the commercial model. And then in direct answer to your question, there probably will be some more investment in sales and support to capture it. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. We think that you can see the normal cyclicality in the market, but the market is growing, first. And there's 2 drivers of market growth. The first one is the widespread adoption of CGM. And the second big driver of market growth is Omnipod 5 because it makes it so simple to come on to AID. And so as we continue to lead in MDI with a very clear leadership in the MDI position, those MDI patients are market growth for AID, and we are leading the way there. So the technology itself is driving market growth, and our CGM partners are doing it, and we're leading the way in AID. 
James Hollingshead: Let me start on the pods, and then I'll ask Ana to comment, go back to the Q2 financials. So the G6, G7 pods, when we get to full release of -- for the G7 integration. Those will be backwards compatible pods. So the current pods only -- can only connect with G6. But when we launch G7, the G7 pods will be G7 and G6 pods and be backwards compatible. So what that will mean for a customer or a user is that if they want to stay on the G6, they'll be able to stay on the G6 because the pods will work with it, but it will also accept G7. And so it will be kind of a sensor of choice within the Dexcom family of CGM. Ana, do you want to take the... 
James Hollingshead: Sure. We don't -- as you know, Steve, we don't give guidance on actual numbers and so on. But we did try to allude, I think, in the prepared remarks to the fact that Omnipod 5 is out of the gate so strong in the U.K. and Germany that already in Europe, more than half of our new customer starts are Omnipod 5. So that will give you some color on the strength of the adoption. We'll launch in France over the summer. And then the France -- we're in Netherlands in LMR, and we'll get to FMR in the Netherlands, and then we'll launch in France over the summer. And there's a ramp, as you all know, to the dynamic.  And so that's how you should expect to see it. If we ramp in those countries the way we are, we'll see a revenue impact. And depending on how quickly we can get France actually launched, which will happen -- we've given summer as kind of a range. That will have more or less effect within the year. But we expect to have great adoption in France because Omnipod DASH has been so successful and it's so demanded by patients. So just to give you a color on kind of the starts dynamic for us.  In terms of ASP, yes, we've been very successful in negotiating for a premium on Omnipod 5 relative to Omnipod DASH in our European markets. That's different from what we did in the U.S., as you know, where we launched Omnipod 5 effectively at price parity. But in Europe, we want to take advantage of the fact that Omnipod 5 is new technology, and that's been an important component of each individual country launches to go in and negotiate for reimbursement that's more commensurate with the value, the additional value that Omnipod 5 creates. And so there is a mix impact on revenue as we get Omnipod 5 into each of those markets. It's a little -- the actual premium itself is a little different by market. But so far, we've been very successful in securing a premium for Omnipod 5. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Joanne. Libre 2, we're very excited. As you can imagine, we're very excited to get our Libre 2 integration into market in LMR. So far, we're having great results with the patient experience in both the U.K. and the Netherlands. And as you know, the Libre 2 form factor, that sensor for our partner, Abbott, is their most adopted sensor. And so it opens up an entirely new kind of side to the market for us, kind of serviceable addressable market, if you want to think in those terms of all of those Libre 2 users who may, therefore, also want to go on to an AID system in Omnipod 5. And Omnipod 5 is so simple to use, and the form factor is so great that we think it will have very high appeal to that Libre 2 user population. So we're very, very excited to get it out to market. Great to see the early results.  Turning to GLP-1 and ADA data. There will be other things we'll show at ADA. We're going to show -- we'll show some subset analysis out of our pivotal trial. I'm sure we'll show an update on our real-world evidence, which has consistently shown that we deliver fantastic time in range, along with very low hypoglycemia in increasingly large populations of real-world data sets, and we'll have some other studies that we haven't yet discussed. No later than ADA, you should see us report an update on our analysis of GLP-1, which I alluded to briefly in our prepared comments. Because it's in real claims data, you can see that people who adopt GLP-1s are more likely to adopt insulin in the same year. And so we'll be documenting that with the robust presentation of the claims data, which is very exciting. 
James Hollingshead: Yes, it's a great question, Danielle. The first thing I would say just quickly is, on the 85-15, that was actually a pretty subtle shift in mix. That is a mix percentage, and it was fairly subtle. And we tend to give you guys -- we have an estimation on that. We don't have perfect insight into those mix data that we give on MDI versus competitive T1, T2. There's kind of an estimation range in those. And so I wouldn't over-index on the modeling in what we reported. It was a pretty subtle shift.  Having said that, what we see -- I can't really speak to the challenges our competitors face in retaining the customers in their installed bases. What we see consistently both with our own proprietary market research, which we put in place in the last few quarters, and also with third-party data is that we are the clear net winners in the competitive switch game. So if you're a manufacturer, you can typically get a sense of how many customers you're converting from, from a competitor. But you don't often have great insight into what your loss rate is.  And so we put in place a market analysis that allows us to better estimate that. And it's a very consistent dynamic for us since we launched Omnipod 5 that we are the net winners in that game. So we gain way more customers than we lose, both head-to-head with our competitors and then obviously overall in the market. And so that just speaks to how strong our competitive position is with Omnipod 5. It's clearly the best offer on the market, and that's what the market says with those results. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Bill. We haven't given timing on Omnipod GO. And obviously, we haven't yet filed Omnipod 5. And so the commercial pilot is intended to make sure that we have enough learning in place to put the right commercial model in place. And we'll figure out exactly how we'll bring the portfolio. So we have not updated on timing for Omnipod GO, but you can -- I think you can easily envision that with a portfolio of products, the commercial model looks different than with a single product, right? So I'll put it that way, I think.  With the ATTD data, to me, the real-world evidence that we were able to show makes it really clear that the Omnipod 5 algorithm is a world-class algorithm. It produces fantastic results, clinical results. It produces it across age groups, across demographics. And as we've said before, one of the things that's unique about our real-world evidence is that it's from all comers. And so it's not only from highly engaged patients who upload their data. It's from all patients who are on Omnipod 5. And so when it has robust results, you can sort of see it as extra robust because it's a clear view into every corner of the user population.  And on top of that, what it shows is we produce great time in range, as I said, but we continue to have very low hypoglycemia in our algorithm, which is a big competitive advantage for us. So that data is helping us now out in the field as we talk to physicians and continue to introduce Omnipod 5 to new users to demonstrate just how clinically effective Omnipod 5 is on top of and in addition to its great ease of use. 
James Hollingshead: Yes. Great question, Chris. Yes, obviously, we'd be speculating. So just to -- and we'll be publishing an update that we'll give you one more detail. So I don't want to steal the thunder of what we'll put out. So you can also look at the slides, and we can have a better conversation about it. But I'd just say we'd have to speculate what's actually happening. It's -- the analysis is based on claims data. And so it's very robust. It's very large end claims data. And what it shows is that for those patients who adopt GLP-1, they are much more likely to also adopt insulin in the same year.  And given what we see -- and so I'm not going to speculate just for a second, okay? Given what we see with GLP-1s, we know GLP-1s lower A1c. So I think the dynamic is more likely the second -- your second suggestion, which is patients go in, they get put on a GLP-1 because their A1cs are really high. And then either they drop off of the GLP-1, which we'll also have some information on that in our deck, or they stay on GLP-1, but they haven't resolved their A1c issue. And therefore, they also go on insulin. And so that's what we see in the claims data, but we can assert out of the claims data what's actually happening in the clinic. And I'm sure it's different for every patient. But at the population level, that's the very clear and striking dynamic. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Josh. Really, really good question, and it's something we could have a very complicated conversation about, right? But the very simple answer from our point of view is that what's unique about pharmacy access for Omnipod 5 is that the product fits the channel really, really well. And tubed pumps are durable equipment, and they don't fit the channel very well. So as anybody trying to enter the market and get into the pharmacy channel with some sort of durable equipment plus some consumable thing, it will be very difficult.  From them to do it, they'll have to do with lots of workarounds. There's going to be reimbursement challenges. There's going to be scripting challenges and all kinds of things that we could have a much longer conversation about and never say never. We're very mindful of competition. We have a lot of respect for our competitors. But it's taken us several years to build out the scale and scope we have in pharmacy channel.  And as we referred to in our prepared remarks, Omnipod 5 is available in retail pharmacy within 5 miles of 85% of the U.S. population. That is going to be very, very difficult for any of our durable pump competitors to replicate. And the overall model of Omnipod 5 with its very easy access, ease of use, ease of setup, get it in a box at the pharmacy where you get your insulin, that model just fits very, very well, and I think the durable pump model does not fit the channel well. 
James Hollingshead: Thanks, operator. In closing, we're off to a great start in 2024. We're transforming diabetes care globally with Omnipod 5, which now also includes our limited commercial launches with G7 in the U.S. and with G6 and Libre 2 Plus internationally. We've got a very strong market leadership position, the right product portfolio to address the needs of both the type 1 and the type 2 global markets and a clear and focused strategy to drive continued growth leveraging our significant competitive advantages.  Looking ahead, the balance of the year is going to include a number of important milestones for us as we've been through on the call. We expect all of those milestones to help us drive new customer starts and margin expansion in the second half of this year and lay the foundation for significant long-term growth, all of that while continuing to deliver on our mission to simplify the lives of people with diabetes all over the world.  I just want to thank the entire global Insulet team for your dedication and passion for our customers and for our mission. You're doing a great job, global Insulet team. Thank you very much.  Thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you next quarter. 
Ana Chadwick: Travis, this is Ana. Thanks for the question. I think the main point here is to take a step back, and as you look at the U.S., we not only reaffirmed our full year guidance. We actually are taking up the low end. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, as we have all these cascade of new product launches, both in the U.S. and international, we're making assumptions. And as we do that, the key here is to remember that we believe the second half will be greater growth than the first, but we continue to expect the growth. And I think to call the exact timing is we're giving our best estimate. But the key important thing is that we're raising overall guidance for revenue, including international and the low end in the U.S. 
Ana Chadwick: Sure. Listen, I'll take another stab at here the 2Q guidance. And I just -- once again, I want to put it in overall perspective for the year. We're taking up our guidance in the U.S., even in the low end. And we expect overall that sequential growth to be there, as I stated. And I think the key point to mention here is we made our best assumption here as we have this transition of product out in the market. And we called our best estimate, and we will update as we progress through the year. But we feel very confident over the entire calendar year with the guide we've given. 
Ana Chadwick: Thank you for the question. Listen, as I mentioned here, we took the entire guidance up 500 basis points, and that's given what Jim referred to. I mean the adoption we're seeing on Omnipod 5 is phenomenal and great. We're going to be in more markets as well. And the markets -- all of these European markets have slightly different dynamics. Some of them are in 4-year cycles, so on and so forth.  So we feel good with the guidance that we're giving. And in anything that's new, our goal and the philosophy of this team and my philosophy is we want to give you numbers that we could hit. We definitely don't want to miss. So that's kind of the philosophy in which the spirit -- and we felt the 500 basis point guide up was significant. We will learn a lot more as we go through the next few months and as we learn more of these launches, and we will update accordingly. 
Ana Chadwick: Yes, this is Ana. Thanks for the question. We're in a really strong position as we look at our operating margin. And I'll break it down. From a gross margin perspective, we did that 69.5%. That's very strong. We look to have strength on that as we progress through the year. Now from an operating perspective, what we need to balance out here is the investments because we want to really position ourselves into the future. And as Jim and I have talked, it is kind of a good problem to have. And we have a cadence around analyzing our investments and making sure there's that rigor of those returns.  So as we sit here, yes, we see upward mobility here in our margins. And at the same time, we want to be prudent in our capital allocation to continue to fuel the growth, and as you mentioned here, the sales force and the different investments in our product and product features and other things. So it's a real balance, and we will continue to drive margins up as our priority and continue to prioritize our investments. 
Ana Chadwick: So I'll start. As we've said, the timing of the France launch will be here over the summer. And the teams are ready. They worked out all the pricing, and they're working all the sales force and everything. So we expect, as we mentioned, that every country is slightly different. In France, there tends to be more of this 4-year cycle of contract renewals as people might have been previously in pumps and so on. So we are assuming in our financials more of that uptick into the later half of the year, very -- like later into the year as it ramps and it takes time but really being a tailwind for us in 2025. 
