Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Margaret, for the question. Yes. So, maybe I’ll take us back a few months. If you remember, we shared really compelling data at ENDO back in March that demonstrated the impact of Omnipod 5 that it can have on people living with type 2 insulin-dependent diabetes. And that data demonstrated -- early data, but it demonstrated more than a doubling of time and range from 27% to 59%. So, we do believe that the technology has tremendous potential to make a positive impact on outcomes for people living with insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes. We are looking at the intensively managed group for this technology. And as -- one trend we see -- macro trend in the market that we see is that there is growing utilization of CGM among type 2 users, particularly intensively managed type 2 users. So, our belief is that as more CGM use happens, that will drive more seeking of these patients for tools to manage their disease, and that Omnipod 5 will be right there with the best wearable AID system for this population. In terms of what the pivotal study could look like, I think that’s a great question. This is unchartered territory for people living with type 2 diabetes. And so, we are really proud to be doing the work to bring this technology to this population and to be pioneers. The feasibility data looks promising, and we still need to really have the discussion with the FDA on what a pivotal could look like. I think, we could see a lot of range here. It might be that we can use some real-world data because it’s clear that there will be type 2 users of Omnipod 5 upon launch because of the access position that we’re in or it could look like a full-blown pivotal like we did in the type 1 population. So, that will remain to be seen once we’ve had the conversation with the FDA. And we’ll certainly keep everybody posted because we do view this as a really exciting opportunity for that segment.
Shacey Petrovic: Great. Okay. Thank you for your questions, Danielle. Yes. So, I’ll take the one on Omnipod -- confidence in Omnipod 5, and then I’ll let Bret just what we expect to learn with an integrated system launch. So, the interactions have been frequent and very collaborative with the FDA. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, obviously, we had submitted the update to the app back in September. And since then, we’ve had multiple back and forth with the FDA. And frankly, it’s that back and forth that gives us the confidence that the system will be cleared before the end of the year. We are down to the final mile, and we’re really appreciative of the FDA’s responsiveness and engagement. It is a breakthrough device-designated technology, and it is a breakthrough device because of so much breakthrough technology in the system with full phone control, with the algorithm on the Pod. No one has ever done this before, including the FDA. And so, we are plowing new ground here, which we’re excited about. But, we feel very confident in the quality of the submission and very positive about the interactions that we’ve had with the FDA. And then, I would just say before I pass it off to Bret, the teams are doing a terrific job. Bret is leading a lot of this effort, just an outstanding job preparing for our limited market release. And that includes all of the testing of the training systems, the support, the benefits investigations, obviously, establishing coverage, which I spoke to, manufacturing the product, all of that stuff. So, we are ready to go and couldn’t be more excited. And I’ll let Bret answer your second question.
Shacey Petrovic: I think, our international business has been performing well, as Wayde said, in the face of some challenges related to COVID and some market dynamics around AID adoption. DASH has really been helping us to drive that growth. And I think, ultimately, we are seeing double-digit growth, despite the fact that the environment is changing in terms of CGM access, in terms of AID access and awareness. And so, that’s great. We expect that to continue. We expect new patient adds to continue in our international markets. And it’s one of the reasons why we’re working so hard to bring Omnipod 5 to our international markets. We’re not going to give a time line on that yet. We really wanted to wait to get Omnipod 5 into the market before we give guidance, so you can expect that sometime next year. But, I can tell you that the work is underway, fully committed to bringing our system to our global markets, and we will do that as quickly as we can. I think ultimately, these trends, while they present some near-term headwinds, they are very favorable trends for us, both in the U.S. and internationally. As we think about increasing awareness and adoption of AID in the U.S., as we think about increasing access for Dexcom’s CGM and increasing access and adoption of AID in our international markets, that paves the way for a successful launch of Omnipod 5. So, while it presents some near-term challenges, really medium term, it should be a great trend for us.
Shacey Petrovic: And Jeff, to your question regarding Omnipod 5 internationally, there is not a clinical trial requirement to get CE Mark to be able to sell and market Omnipod 5 in our international markets. It is a regulatory pathway, the MDR pathway that we will submit through for CE Mark. And there will be clinical work that is done to establish increased adoption and increased access and coverage of the technology, but we don’t actually require any type of clinical to get clearance to be able to sell and market the technology in our international markets. So, the work that is underway is the technical work around translations, unit of measure, that stuff for the system, internationalizing the label and the system. And then, of course, we’ve got some regulatory work and then some clinical commercial work really for more of the commercial elements of the launch.
Shacey Petrovic: I think, Travis -- Wayde, that was very well articulated. Travis, I would just point out to what Wayde is saying that Omnipod 5 will be an accelerator. It’s just a matter of when we can get into full market release in the U.S. and then when we can get it into market in our international markets. And obviously, the work is underway and the teams are very focused on making that happen. And then, as we look beyond 2022, we couldn’t be more excited because we’re launching what we think is going to be the most differentiated technology in the AID space. We see follow-on indications pretty rapidly with pediatrics. We see international expansion. We see iOS. And we see additional CGM integrations over the coming couple of years. And so, really exciting trajectory of innovation and growth over the next few years.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Cecilia. It’s a great question. What we know is those percentages will change. It’s a little hard to predict. But, when I think about Omnipod 5, I think about it as a additive growth driver. So, all the exciting growth that we’re driving because of the pharmacy and because of type 2 adoption, which is primarily multiple daily injections today in the type 2 users, that will continue. We know we’ve got a leadership position there and we have a differentiated technology for the type 2 user. But Omnipod 5 will be additive in terms of the growth eventually when we get into full market release and in terms of the patients that it’s bringing in, and it should make us more competitive for those users that are choosing AID over pump therapy. And we know that that’s the primary reason why somebody doesn’t choose Omnipod when they come on to pump therapy. So, we would guess that our pump conversions will increase with the launch of Omnipod 5.
Shacey Petrovic: And on the supply chain question, I can maybe start us off and then ask Wayde to comment about the impact on working capital. But, what I can tell you is that our teams are doing a marvelous job managing these dynamics. And to me, it highlights the value of the investment that we’ve made over the last several years, not just in manufacturing redundancy but in supply chain redundancy. And that investment has really helped us to manage through some of the challenges that we’ve seen in all environments, all industries in terms of the supply chain around freight, around certain components, et cetera. So, our team -- while we may have incurred some additional costs, they’ve also done a terrific job offsetting those costs. And ultimately, there’s been no impact at all to customer supply. So, that’s a testament to how hard our teams are working to support the growth and also manage through these very real challenges that exist today.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Joanne, I will start and perhaps Bret will have some additional thoughts to offer. But, we believe that Omnipod 5 will be additive to our growth. So, as you think about the momentum that exists today in our business, we’ll focus on the U.S. because that’s where we’re going to launch first. There’s a lot of momentum being driven today by DTC, so increasing awareness. There’s a lot of momentum being driven today by type 2 users of DASH, the increasing use in the pharmacy, and then the benefits of the pharmacy for all users and then, of course, our differentiated form factor. And that’s what’s driving our growth today. All of that remains. And then, Omnipod 5 comes and is additive, and we believe will make us more compete in the type 1 space. And there is also likely to be type 2 users of the technology, although we will not market directly to them until we have an expanded label. But, we do think the technology has value there to offer. So, I think we know for all of the people that are coming out of MDI and on to pump therapy, the primary reason that someone doesn’t choose Omnipod, which is clearly tests and market research to be a preferred form factor is AID. And with Omnipod 5, obviously, we check that box, and we believe we check that box with the very best system that will be on the market. And so, we think we get a lot more competitive, which is why I said earlier that the numbers will change, the ratios will change. Today, we get 80% of our users from multiple daily injections. We’re going to continue to get those people, and we will get more. We will get more competitive switchers as a result of Omnipod 5.
Shacey Petrovic: Thank you, Dalam. And thanks, everyone, for your participation and questions today. As part of a company-wide event last week, we hosted several Omnipod users, including a few Omnipod 5 trial participants still using the system. And it was incredible to hear the impact Omnipod 5 has had on this diverse group of customers. Dwight, a grandfather living with late onset type 1 diabetes, said that because of Omnipod 5’s simplicity, he truly trusted the system right away when he walked out of the clinic. Morgan, a young woman living with type 1 diabetes for 19 years, told us, "Omnipod 5 is magic. It’s unreal. I don’t ever have to think about my diabetes. I want everyone to know about it. It has changed my life." And Valentino, a first generation American who has participated in other AID system trials said of Omnipod 5, "All I can say is wow. I’m waking up normal. I don’t ever have to think about my diabetes. It brings peace." So, I want Dwight, Morgan, Valentino and others in the community to know that we hear you. We are working hard to get Omnipod 5 into your hands and to make sure that everybody knows about and can benefit from this remarkable technology. Thanks again for joining us today. And have a great evening.
Wayde McMillan: Sure, Robbie. Yes, happy to. So overall, we’re still holding the high end of our total company beginning of your guide at 20%. So, no change there. And we’ve raised the low end up to 18%. So, we’re 18% to 20% now for both, total company and total Omnipod. But, as you mentioned, we’ve tightened the guidance ranges for each product line for the year, although still really strong growth, especially in the United States. So, what are we factoring in? We’re factoring in the lagging impact of the pandemic as well as some competition from AID systems in the market, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. So, overall, our Q4 guide is very strong. At the high end, it is our highest growth rate for the year for both, Omnipod and total company, with 17% to 22% for total Omnipod and then 19% to 25% for total company. As is our annual guide, it’s still 18% to 20%, we keep an eye on the annual guide as we think about Q4 as well. So, despite some COVID-19 headwinds and the pandemic’s impact on new customer starts last year that factored into the growth rate this year as well as the delayed clearance here for the launch of Omnipod 5, we’re still at that high end for the full year. And if we hit the high end, we’ll have now grown 20% for the last two years through COVID and with increasing AID competition here. So, a couple of specifics. Robbie, international down sequential at the midpoint. We don’t really think about the midpoint. We factor in our total puts and takes, and it’s sequential growth at the high end, sequential decline at the low end. One of the things we have to watch for internationally is some order patterns. We sell a lot of our products through distributors internationally, and sometimes there’s order pattern, so we have to account for that in addition to the other factors I just mentioned. And in the U.S., again, we have the strongest guide for the year at 27% for Q4. And so, although we’ve tightened the ranges somewhat, we’re still looking at a very strong quarter for Q4.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Hey Jeff, I can certainly start that. And I appreciate the question on this evolving dynamic that Shacey just highlighted, eventually becomes a positive for us. We do think the dynamic is different between the U.S. and international. In the U.S., certainly, we’ve got AID systems to contend with. But, as you mentioned, we have done a great job with other significant growth drivers, DTC, our business model in the pharmacy channel with pay-as-you-go. Certainly, DASH has performed well in the U.S. So, we have a lot of momentum behind it. In international, we’ve just launched DASH over the last year and have good momentum there, growing in the mid-teens internationally. But as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have seen a couple of countries start to see some more stronger AID competition. And as Shacey mentioned, as CGM adoption ramps, certainly, that brings AID systems with it. So, we do think the headwind is stronger internationally.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. And we’re lucky enough to have Bret on. Bret, do you want to touch on what we’re seeing internationally and around vacations and staffing and things? And then, I can pick up on some thoughts on 2022.
Wayde McMillan: Great. And just picking up on 2022. So, regarding how we’re thinking about our outlook there at this point, we don’t issue formal 2022 guidance until Q4 call in February, per usual. However, happy to give you some of our thinking here. And we do think that we’re in a good position to start strong again in the 15% to 20% range for total diabetes. It’s a good place to start. We do have some differences between the regions given the different dynamics, some of them we’ve talked about here. I think, we see U.S. Omnipod with really strong momentum. And we’re thinking, again, it’s probably high-teens, low-20s kind of a start to the year; international, more in the low double digits, at the lower end of that 15% to 20% or even below. So, it’s looking like 15% to 20% for total Omnipod, which is strong growth off a growing base. And we have opportunities to exceed that, but certainly some risks to consider. For Drug Delivery, you can expect it to decline year-over-year, coming off a very strong year elevated by the pandemic here. So, overall, we’re thinking about our total company revenue growth in the mid-teens. This can change as we close out Q4 and plan our official guidance here. But, that’s how we’re thinking about it today. Maybe some color on the U.S. Regarding U.S., we need to keep in mind that Omnipod 5 will be in a limited market release for some time and ramping during the year with access growing. And it takes time for our annuity model to build momentum and accelerate revenue. So, we’ll get some benefit from Omnipod 5 in 2022, but there are many factors to determine how much. And we’ll certainly provide updates as we go through the year. But, we won’t see a full year impact from Omnipod 5 until 2023 and beyond. But, that really sets us up for multiple years of strong growth from there.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. I could just add to the redundancy and supply chain improvements and investments that Shacey just talked about, we have been very successfully growing our inventory ahead of revenue. So, our inventories have grown significantly over the last year. We feel very good about that given where the -- where we were in the pandemic. Our teams did a fantastic job managing through that. We actually built inventory through the pandemic. And then, with the more recent supply chain challenges globally, team has done a really nice job managing that. And so, I think what you’ll continue to see us do is continue to build capacity and build inventory ahead of our operational performance. And we do that to make sure we’re in the best position possible to serve our customers and for new customers coming on board. So, I don’t see a major change to our working capital cycle just given that we’ve increased inventories so much to this point. But, you will see us continue to invest in a growing inventory number to make sure that we’ve got more than ample supply for our existing customers and for our future growth plans.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Hi Danielle, it’s Bret. So, there’s a lot that we can build upon from the learnings of DASH. And Shacey highlighted some of what we anticipate in the LMR. The reason we’re doing the limited release is so we could test some of these things and establish access early. We’re well ahead of the game on access and as well as the user experience, which is some of what I think you’re getting out with the integrated systems. There’s a lot to understand there. So, with the introduction of Omnipod 5, the onboarding experience will be unique and different from anything we’ve ever done, which is part of what we’ll be testing in the LMR. Some of that depends on their experience with both Dexcom and with Omnipod. And depending on their experience, each onboarding experience is unique to the individual. And in some cases, they’ll be able to completely self-serve and onboard. And so, that’s going to be really exciting. It’s going to establish tremendous commercial scale for us, enable us to onboard many of our existing Podders that are so excited about Omnipod 5. And all of that -- the cooperation between Dexcom and Insulet on customer support will also be unique as we’ve sort of worked through all, the different use cases and scenarios, where there’ll be warm transfers going back and forth to different -- the companies depending on what the potential issue could be. But all of that stuff is -- when we talk about the customer experience is what we’ll be testing in the limited release before we move to a full market release, but we’re well prepared for all of those things.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Sure. Matt, it’s a great question, because the growth drivers today are a little bit different in the U.S. than they are internationally, but we see those as opportunities. And Shacey highlighted that we can move to pay-as-you-go, the pharmacy channel type 2. Those are related because remember, the reason why we have such great type 2 access in the U.S. is because we don’t build that upfront fee. And so, pay-as-you-go really is more key than the pharmacy channel is. And we’ll be looking at all of these opportunities internationally. But, certainly, we see lots of opportunity to move to a pay-as-you-go reimbursement model in the markets that we’re in and in future markets. That could open up the door for type 2 access. We think that’s a good start because when you don’t charge that upfront fee, you eliminate that risk for the payers. So, all these things that are carrying us today in the U.S. that really make the growth rates different than they are internationally as headwinds are fairly similar. Those are all opportunities for us in the international markets.
Bret Christensen: Yes, sure. I can touch on both of those. So, I guess, the vacations and staffing are both -- I think the staffing is actually more of a real issue within some of the endocrinology offices. And that becomes an issue for companies like ours, only if we rely on those staff to do some of the work for onboarding. And that’s an effort that we’ve had underway for a long time now to take that work away from healthcare providers, to do more of the trainings, to do more of the onboarding. And we believe that we are the easiest product to train and onboard on because of the ease of use of Omnipod. And so, we don’t see that as a real headwind, although those are real issues for our customers and endocrinology offices, it’s not slowing us down in any way.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Hi Jayson, it’s Bret. I can take those questions. So, I think what you’re referencing is 50% of our volume is now in the pharmacy channel. Our access is actually quite higher than that as DASH access is 80% now, which is -- the bulk of that is all in the pharmacy channel. So, very strong access in the pharmacy channel. And your question as to what we can expect at launch, we’re well ahead of DASH at this time and didn’t think we’d have any access with Omnipod 5 until we got clearance from the FDA. So, we’re quite pleased with where we’re at. The conversations with payers are going very nicely as we’ve talked about AID systems, the pivotal data. And I think they’re just waiting for clearance to start that process to contract and then add us to formulary. There’s really no reason at all why we wouldn’t expect Omnipod 5 access to very quickly reach the access that we have today with DASH in the pharmacy channel. So, it’s just a process and a little bit of time. And then, your question about why wouldn’t somebody start in the pharmacy channel, knowing that it’s a better product and a better experience. While the vast majority of co-pays are less than $50 in the pharmacy channel, it doesn’t mean all of them are. And in some cases, our legacy access is different than DASH. And so, there are situations, most probably access related why somebody may not choose to go into the pharmacy channel right upfront. And so, that access, we’re continuing to get stronger and build every day, and that’s why the percentage of new starts that are DASH into the pharmacy channel continues to rise.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Hi Anthony, I can start that one with an update on DTC. It continues to be a really strong growth driver for us in the U.S. We know that awareness is one of the problems we need to solve for, not just in the U.S. but internationally. And so, our spend has been pretty constant for DTC. We started this, remember, in September about a year ago, and it continues to be a real growth driver for us. We’re getting better at it. We’re getting better at converting leads into new starts. And we’re getting really creative with our messaging, too. We launched different campaigns over the summer, called the Summer of Omnipod, which highlights the form factor of Omnipod, some of the benefits that we have and the freedom that Omnipod offers. We’ve also dabbled a little bit internationally. So, we’ve done -- run some TV commercials in the UK, some in Germany, some in Canada. And we’re trying to learn the ROI in those specific countries, too, because we just see it as a really massive opportunity to increase awareness. And the ROI has been positive. I won’t throw out any numbers there, but we know it’s a good investment for us and something that you can expect that we’ll continue to do.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Well said, Wayde. Drew, I would just say, your question is right. It really is a stronger U.S. growth next year that’s really driven by the current growth drivers. So, DTC, our type 2 access, the pharmacy model, all those things will continue to drive the U.S. growth. We did build in some growth for Omnipod 5, as Wayde suggested. But again, with the annuity model, it takes a little bit of time. So, there’s still some uncertainty of the length of the LMR, the time to get to full market release. And then, once we get to full market release, the annuity model doesn’t really represent growth right away. It takes some time to build that into the rates and revenue.
Bret Christensen: Yes. I think, those 2 percentages that we often speak to 80% of our new starts coming from MDI and 40% of our new starts being type 2, I think we’re okay with those percentages going down with the introduction of Omnipod 5, as long as new starts go up, which they will for sure. The other thing to think about, Joanne, as you know, all these tailwinds that we’ve spoken about, that Shacey mentioned, are still going to be there with Omnipod 5, and we remove really one of the biggest headwinds that we have today, which is AID competition. So, Omnipod 5 does check all the boxes. It’s why we think it’s going to be a best-in-class product offering. And we’re so excited about what it does to grow once we get to full market release.
