Shacey Petrovic: Sure, yes, it's a good question, and we watch it carefully. In fact, we saw both an expansion of prescribing physicians as well as an increase in depth or utilization among our prescribing physicians. So I would say actually the depth may have contributed a little bit more, but we did see both breadth and depth increase so far this year.
Shacey Petrovic: So on the first part, what's driving this, clearly, our sales force is really hitting its stride after the expansion that we completed in 2015. In fact, we see efficiency back to pre-expansion levels or even slightly above that. So that's starting to really pay off for us. We see, obviously, the clinical data that was presented at ADA having a nice halo effect on support and adoption for OmniPod, and same thing with increased access. And so, as you all know, I think, we expanded our market access team. We doubled that team earlier this year, and they're having some success in terms of driving Medicaid access across the country. So all of those things are adding to more physicians prescribing more. And I think in terms of depth, Insulet Provided Glooko is really helping with depth and getting more utilization out of clinicians who were already prescribing a little bit of OmniPod.
Shacey Petrovic: In terms of pediatric, population is still our fastest-growing patient population and still a great contributor this quarter.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, the only thing I would add to that -- actually, just maybe echo what Mike said. Both customer care in terms of the pipeline management and supporting customer retention as well as the urgency of the reps is really paying off. And then we saw the managed care team, the market access team have some success really this year, too, with additional Medicaid wins. And so those things all kind of conspire together to drive revenue growth with the investments that we had already made last year and earlier this year.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, so we continue to make progress on new patient retention. And then the bigger nut for us in terms of the value it drives the organization is total retention for the installed base. And that just takes a little bit longer to see full results because of the year lagging. But the results are looking pretty encouraging halfway through the year. So that certainly seems to be contributing to the strong quarter we had this quarter, because our reorders -- which is one thing that we look for to signal retention -- were strong. So making progress on that longer-term goal of reducing attrition by 2%.
Shacey Petrovic: Those are great questions, Ben. I would say the mix is not changing. So we still see, depending on the quarter, anywhere from 70% to 80% of our new users coming from multiple daily injection patients, which is why we are focused so heavily there. In terms of the bottlenecks, when we think about when we might expand sales force, for example, we think about things like market access -- so Medicare, continuing to increase Medicaid access are two things that could really make a difference for our business. And then I would say the other piece of it is really about the insulin capacity of the pod. And it's one of the reasons why we've invested in the concentrated insulins is because it enables us to serve people who have higher insulin requirements, daily requirements. And so that opens up -- as I said, it doubles our potential market. So those are really, to me, the two big areas. I think we're going to continue to see great growth. We certainly have a lot of opportunity in front of us. Today, when we think about market share, we think of market share of total people in the United States living with Type 1 diabetes. We probably have a 4%, maybe approaching 5%, share. So even with some of the market access opportunities before us in concentrated insulins, we have a lot of runway and, I think, a lot of great growth ahead of us.
Shacey Petrovic: Well, we did have a record growth number, as I indicated, but it's in line with our forecasted expectations of 20% growth. And the reason, Jayson, we don't give it is because it just seems like it could be misleading. At the end of the day, the numbers only represent 10% or less of our revenue in any given quarter. And so because of the recurring revenue model, really retention contributes as well as new patient growth. And so it's not a great indicator. But it is an indicator of where things are going in the future, and for that we are really excited. We had a record growth in terms of new patient starts. And we are on track for 20% growth year-over-year of our US new patients as well as our installed base.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. So you're right; the United Healthcare decision didn't impact OmniPod. But earlier this year we had increased our -- the size of our market access team, mainly because we knew we were going to be arming them with really solid clinical data that they could go to the payors with. And so we've had discussions with all of our major payors. And we don't see this as a trend. We don't anticipate that other large payors are going to be taking Omni's preferred provider arrangement.
Shacey Petrovic: And in terms -- I think you asked about the AP milestones. Our IDE, as I mentioned, the on-body trial is our first IDE. And we expect to be entering that later on this fall. We're very excited. We've got a terrific group of investigators, really the best of the best, working on this with us. So we're excited about being able to make quick progress there. And in terms of functionality of our system, we don't want to give too much away, but I think I have said to you before that we definitely will have more than predictive low glucose suspend. We're not anticipating taking that sort of incremental step. We really want to bring value to the market when we launch. So that's our goal.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. There are, really, I think, two primary things that drive retention. And probably the most important driver that we can control is the product quality and our product experience. So a lot of our efforts are focused on ensuring that -- you know, the product quality and product experience have, one, to do with product quality; and then, second, to do with how competent and confident the user is in managing with their OmniPod. The things like the Podder platform, the app, and some marketing -- ongoing marketing, communications, and support that we have to our user base help with the competency and comfort level of the users. And then, as Pat has mentioned many times, we just have a tremendous cross-functional Company focus on product quality and the customer experience that comes from product quality. So we've made great strides on that. I think both of those two things are the main things driving retention. The other piece is market access. So as we gain in Medicaid and even Medicare, when that comes, all of that will help us also continue to improve attrition of the broader installed base -- I mean, retention, rather, of the broader installed base.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. And we'll give more color -- we're planning to give a lot more color at the investor day in November. But what this system involves is a Bluetooth PDM, a Bluetooth pod, and an app that would reside on the user's mobile phone. And that app -- we call it internally our PDM app. So it would display key information from a user's mobile phone, like insulin on board, like last bolus. And that app would integrate with Dexcom's app in order to provide integration of G5 data as well. So what we've heard loud and clear from our users is they want more functionality and more data on their phone. This system will provide that. And the Bluetooth platform gives us a lot of opportunity for continuing and hopefully accelerated product development as we look over the horizon. So we view this Bluetooth platform as a platform for our artificial pancreas and also, frankly, as a platform for our artificial -- I'm sorry, our concentrated insulins launches as well. So I will give you more detail on kind of the specifics of the features of the product in our investor day and as we progress towards the end of the year.
Patrick Sullivan: I'll answer the distributor question, Tao. It was absolutely, positively a cleaning quarter. There was no stocking in any of the channel anywhere in the world.
Patrick Sullivan: I don't think you're thinking about this correctly. At the end of last year, we -- as a result of the field actions that we took and the recalls that we conducted, we basically went fairly low on inventory as a result of those two market actions. So we were low on inventory at the end of last year and built that inventory up to essentially the same level that we had previously to the -- you know, to the recall that we had in the third quarter of last year. So I would say all of what you're seeing here is improved efficiencies in the factory. I mean, a 50% daily volume increase in daily volume is terrific, and reducing scrap by 50% is terrific. And it's not due to changing inventory levels at all.
Patrick Sullivan: I'm just looking at historical inventory levels, and this is just -- this is a lot higher than we've ever seen before. It's 70% higher than what we've seen historically.
Patrick Sullivan: And just -- Mike, when you think about this, it's basically last year -- at this time last year we had about 30 days on hand, and just right now we have about 30 days on hand of finished goods inventory. We had to dip down in the back half of last year due to the Field Safety Notifications and the recall, which took us to lower inventory levels then. And now we're building back up and now getting to where essentially we were last year at this point in time. Looking forward to the end of the year, we want to have another month of inventory that we're going to have, so that we can go to the ocean and generate a point of gross margin as a result of that savings.
Patrick Sullivan: We have been -- we are very pleased with the relationship we've had Ypsomed, to be specific on the contract that expires mid-2018, and we will get together with Ypsomed probably early next year to talk about the agreement. We would love to continue the relationship with Ypsomed going forward. But we are evaluating all of our options and opportunities to provide patients in Europe the best delivery system that we possibly can. I think it's premature for us to talk about what an alternative plan would be, because we're not in that frame of mind right now.
Patrick Sullivan: And we believe that the choice of what insulin delivery system a patient chooses should be a decision made by the physician, not the insurance company.
Patrick Sullivan: Yes, very good question on the PMA requirements. I am very familiar with PMA requirements. My previous company was -- we got four PMAs approved in 23 supplements. So very much up to speed on what the requirements are. Mike -- Michael Spears, our VP of Quality, has a goal this year to provide a plan that we will start implementing next year to get all of the quality systems up to PMA standard in time for the launch of the -- in of time for the FDA inspection of the facility as well as the quality system to be able to launch the AP system on time. So we know what we need to do, and we've got to put in a plan in place to do it. And we'll just make it happen.
Patrick Sullivan: Thank you, operator. Let me just finish where I started. I am just absolutely thrilled with the progress and the performance of the Company during the last quarter. We are starting to show the impact of all the investments we've made. I must admit, however, that it hasn't been easy. But it's been accomplished by a dedicated team of talented individuals working from dawn to dusk to accomplish our objectives. We have a tremendous opportunity before us but significant work to do. So I'd like to end with a big thank you to all Insulet employees for a terrific job well done. Thank you. We'll talk to you in 90 days.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. Yes, that's correct. To be clear, what we've said before is we said 60%-plus was our target. But we felt we needed to prove our way there. As Pat mentioned, we brought in a new team in operations. We made a lot of effort, a lot of investments in that space just a few short months ago. And our expectation was that it was going to take a good amount of time to really see the benefits. And we are pleased that we are seeing the benefits sooner. And based upon what we are seeing and the opportunities, some of which Pat laid out, we believe not only that this is sustainable at this level, but that the opportunities that are ahead of us are meaningful and actionable. And so Pat laid out a few examples of those. And there are others that we are evaluating that we believe give us a clear line of sight to the higher target of 65% and beyond.
Michael Levitz: Mike, this is Mike Levitz. I will say that the improvement in gross margin this quarter -- I would echo what Pat said -- is not related to us building inventory. So in terms of your first question about the gross margin levels, as I said in my earlier remarks, we expect that this is the new baseline for our business. And we also raised our target because of what we are seeing operationally -- both our target for this year and our expectations for this year and also our longer-term target. In terms of inventory balance in your second question about, you know, is this the -- what we should expect at the inventory level, one of the things that we have been doing, first of all, is what Pat said, which is rebuilding the inventory to levels that we are comfortable with for regular -- I mean, we've got dramatically growing demand. And so we need to make sure that we have the supply for that. But in addition to that, Pat talked about one initiative to drive gross margin improvement, and that being the move from air freight to ocean freight. And in order to do that, essentially you have a warehouse on the water, if you will, that you need to stock for. So as we make that transition to driving these gross margin improvements, we do expect that we will be building inventory for that initiative. But I think that's a specific initiative, and that's the basis for the build as we go into the upcoming portion of the year. And now, obviously, we have upcoming product launches and other things that we've been talking about.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. So as one of the previous questions referenced, our prior stated goal was 60%, and now we have raised it to 65%. And when we laid out the 60% goal, that was over a multiyear period of time. And the same is true with the 65% target. What we have said is that we have clear line of sight to it. But these activities take a lot of work, and they take time. They take continued investment. In terms of the impact of drug delivery on that particular metric, I wouldn't say that it has an outsized impact on it. The initiatives Pat have described and that we've talked in part about before are really operational in nature and not related to mix. There are puts and takes on the mix side. Our international business, and principally our distributors, I should say; not as much international business -- but our international distributors tend to have a lower contribution margin, whereas drug delivery tends to have a higher. So there is somewhat of an offset as we've seen outsized growth in both of those areas. So mix is -- I wouldn't say it's not a contributor at all, but it's not the driving force behind us achieving these targets.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. There was nothing unusual in the numbers in the quarter. There weren't any unusual expenses or favorability. So I think that it's a fair run rate, but what I would say is there are a number of investments that we are making in terms of new product development. Shacey talked about a number of areas that we are very excited about, and with Bluetooth pods, and the concentrated insulin, and everything else. So there's a good amount of expense that can be variable in nature, depending on the timing of work performed on some of those key projects. So we do expect that there will be continued expense as we go through the year and continued investment. But no, there were no unusual items in the quarter.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. As I said, in terms of -- so we talked about our revenue growth for the year, and we've talked about our expectations of gross margin. On the OpEx side, we do expect to be making additional investments through the remainder of the year. We're really excited about our outlook going forward and want to make sure, as we did last year when we decided we were going to make some key investments to drive the growth in the top line, growth in gross margin, ultimately our pathway to profitability, that we will continue to be doing that. So there are a number of initiatives that we've talked about on this call and we've talked about the past, and there is some timing of those things. And so I do expect that there will be continued investment through the latter half of this year. But we're very pleased with our direction in EBITDA, and we're very pleased with our direction in the pathway to profitability.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you. I'll add to the congratulations on the quarter. I want to focus on the gross margin improvement and really want to connect the gross margin improvement to the inventory build, because when I look at your inventory levels, it looks like they increase 75% from 1Q to 2Q and 100% since the end of the year. So that, I would assume, would seem to explain the vast majority of the gross margin improvement this quarter. So the question is, one, is this new level of inventory level the right level to assume going forward; and, two, is it correct in the longer-term to extrapolate off this 2Q gross margin? I understand that you're trying to make this transition on your freight, on your shipments of product from China to the US. But we saw this big gross margin benefit this quarter from inventory ramping up dramatically. I just want to make sure that we are thinking about this correctly. Thanks.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. I'll jump back in queue. I have some other questions, but I want to let some others jump in. Thanks.
Mike Weinstein: We covered a lot of ground. I just wanted to make sure I understood the product that you're planning to introduce at ADA next year. You talked about just the upgraded connectivity. Could you just spend a minute on that, Shacey? Thanks.
