Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Great. Thanks, Chris. Yeah. I think we are in great shape. We now have the infrastructure in place and we're ready to assume that business as of July 1. Where we're still doing some work and executing is on the intermediaries. So, just as a reminder, more than 80% of this business goes through intermediary. Many of these intermediaries work with our current distributor. So, in effect, we'll be sort of getting one middleman out of the scenario. But we do have to go in contract with all of these intermediaries. We're in the process of doing that and fully confident that we'll have that in place. We now have inventory in Europe ready to serve patients as of July 1. Obviously, we made the announcements about our team in place and we're just going to make sure then that all those intermediaries have product to be able to serve patients starting July 1 as well. So that's the work that's underway now. Our plan is really on or ahead of track at this point and we're feeling increasingly confident about that transition.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I don't have that number handy. I think that's something we could follow up on. I will tell you we've made a great progress, so when we think about Medicaid, for example, I know we're sitting now just with Medicaid lives at about 10% of the population, around 25 million, 23 million covered lives. I don't have the number specifically for commercial, though. But in general, really broad coverage now particularly with the UnitedHealthcare decision, I mean, that is the largest commercial payer in the market. And as I said, that's already starting to make an impact in our new patient starts and shipments this quarter already this month.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, David. So, in terms of just market dynamics, Q1 is always our softest quarter, and that's just simply due to sort of seasonality in the business. Every year, our deductibles reset in Q1 in the U.S. And so that typically is our latest quarter. That said, it was a very strong quarter year-over-year. And with any of these decisions, as we've said many times, because of the business model, they are really a compounding effect over time. So UHC just went into effect April 1, and we're already starting to see that in new patient starts, so we will expect that benefit to compound for the rest of this year and 2019. I think you mentioned Animas from a competitive dynamics. We do still see people taking advantage of the pathway that we have for Animas users to be able to adopt Omnipod, and we would expect these Medicare, Medicaid and increasing access wins to continue the compound. We think a lot of that impact will come in 2019. But we're obviously guiding to a strong year of 18% growth in the United States in the installed base.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Yes. So, DASH, we're very excited about that. We're on track. We expect to be moving into limited market release sometime probably mid-summer, late summer, just based on our interactions with the FDA. And we forecasted or planned for a six-month limited market release which would take us to the end of the year. But two things to note about that. One, we're going to – I think the team is doing a great job planning for this launch, and we're doing all the right things to make sure that we have a successful launch. Obviously, we've learned a lot by watching this market and others launch new technologies into it, and we want to get this one right. So we're going to take the time to do that. But we always have the opportunity to accelerate that. So, if we get in three, four months into it and everything is going to plan, we could certainly move into commercial launch at that point. The last point that I'll make is that any new product launch works differently for us than it does for others in this market, again, because of the business model. So we are not going to have – it doesn't impact us in that we don't sell a piece of capital equipment right off the bat, right. This is again about the slope of the line and increasing new patient starts. So, if we move the launch up a quarter or move the launch back a quarter, it doesn't materially impact revenue. And then I think you asked about Horizon. We're going to have some great clinical updates at ADA on Horizon, so very excited about that data that I think is really compelling and in free-living settings down to age 2. So really exciting progress there that we'll be sharing with the community on our IDE 3 which is currently underway.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. It's a great question. I think what we – what does a flawless execution look like? We would be perfectly ramping down one channel and equally perfectly ramping up another channel. On July 1, every patient and every clinician and every government body would know to call Insulet instead of our current distributor, and we would have perfect supply and awareness throughout the market. And so, obviously, that's the goal, but I think none of us are – certainly in our guidance, we're assuming that there's going to be some bumps in the road as that plays out. But we're doing everything that we can to drive awareness in the marketplace and make sure that patients, clinicians, government bodies know what's happening as of July 1 and that they know to call us, and then we're certainly reaching out to all of the intermediaries that serve this market. But I think it's just really about awareness and making sure that everybody understands what's happening and that we don't create confusion in the marketplace, and we're working very hard to do that. I would say a lot less is keeping me up now on this program just as we've built such a talented team, so experienced and really understanding what needs to happen and kind of helping us execute successfully on the program.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So, in the U.S., attrition has remained fairly steady at about 9%. So I think we've shared that number, and that hasn't materially changed. And really, when we think about these wins around UHC and Medicare, even these early Medicare wins don't go into effect until April 1, and UHC went into effect April 1. And so that's why we say most of the benefit, both in terms of new patient starts, installed base growth, and the potential impact on attrition, is likely to be more of a 2019 and beyond impact. We do know that market access will impact attrition. We know that people trade off the product because they lose access to it. And so, we are very excited that, if we're successful, and we fully expect to be, in implementing coverage with these Medicare Part D plan sponsors, that we should see a nice impact on retention of our patients starting in 2019.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So, I think, you may remember from last quarter's call that the top eight plan sponsors account for 80% of the population. So I don't have specific numbers that I can provide, but I will say that ESI is one of those top eight. Magellan is not. It's a little bit smaller. So, great win with both of these plans and there is nothing more that we need to do starting April 1 for these patients to access their Medicare benefits through these providers in Omnipod and we have started to ship Medicare patients now. So we're starting to see this benefit pay off, very early days though.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Margaret. So just to clarify, the 15% to 18% which – in the United States, we believe, will be 18% is installed base growth. So new patient starts are actually higher than that, but that's just – that accounts for attrition and the overall installed base growth. And market access wins are clearly contributing to that, so very excited about that progress and so UHC to a greater degree. I wouldn't say at this point Medicare and Medicaid are contributing significantly to that. It's primarily UHC and then just commercial execution, patient awareness, et cetera.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. The only – I'll add two bits of color. So the first is, as I alluded to in the script, is our new patient starts are up significantly this quarter versus a year ago. But as we always say, it's just the business model, right, it's all about installed base growth. That's what will drive our revenue growth in a given year. So we could not be more excited about the momentum and the potential that the United agreement, for example, and these access wins offer, and they're clearly showing in our metrics. But it compounds over time just because of the business model. The other thing I'll say is there was a little bit of noise in the market this quarter because of the United win. Their current distributors that were serving that business are no longer serving that business because we're serving it directly. And so we also saw them just reduce their inventory to account for that change. And that's a little bit of noise or headwind in the market.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Yeah, Danielle, we applaud the agency for finding creative, faster ways to accelerate innovation to the market. It's really exciting what they did with this iCGM designation, and we are participating in these discussions around enabling interoperability with both the agency, Dexcom and others in the industry. So we're definitely a part of those. I think it's a little too soon to share how those might impact our partnership and development programs with Dexcom, but really looking forward to sort of capitalizing on that in any way that we can.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So, Robbie, I say it every time and I'm not sure that it kind of gets through, but I say it to our team too, we really don't look at other tube pumps as our competitors. And so, these failed launches and/or exits from the market, they've given us a little bit of a tailwind but really not anything of substance. And when we look at where our new patients are coming from, still the vast, vast majority of them are coming from multiple daily injections. There's different estimates on how in the United States the pump market is growing. I hear anywhere from 5% to 7% CAGR anticipated over the next five years and other people who say maybe it's not growing to that degree. All I can comment on is the fact that we are growing and the vast majority of our business is coming from multiple daily injections, and so we're clearly growing the overall market. And it may be that the other players are really taking from an existing base as opposed to growing the market. I think that's the beauty of Omnipod as it really helps people transition from MDI to the benefits of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I don't know where they're all going. I can say that, certainly, there are still patients that are taking advantage of our pathway to ensure that Animas patients who want to have the option to use Omnipod. So I think I said it last quarter and the same is true this quarter, typically, anywhere from 80% to 85% of our new users are coming from multiple daily injections. Now, it's closer to 70% to 75%. So that differential is probably the uplift that we're getting from Animas users.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. So, the great thing about this move is that we were able to get a lot closer to the markets. We were able to sort of design our go-to-market strategy and our organization to suit what we saw as the myriad of opportunities across the market. But they're very different business models in every market, very different in their level of diffuseness in terms of the purchasers and the customer base. And so we just opted to go through distributors in those two markets mainly because we felt like it was our strongest position to serve those markets based on the number of buying points and the number of customer points and support required across them. So, ultimately, we just thought it was the best way to go, and we're excited about those partnerships.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: So, Steven, we did grow. In fact, we're done with that expansion now, and there – I think most, if not all, of the positions are full. We did that at the very beginning of the year, and we grew – in total, we grew the sales organization which I would characterize both as the external, the field based, and the internal or inside sales team, we grew that by approximately 25% thereabouts. And the internal team focuses on pipeline management sort of getting interested patients through the pipeline. And then the external team is comprised of salespeople and clinicians. And so they support our existing base which obviously is growing, as well as new patient starts.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: So I'll start I guess with those questions and, Mike, you can add any color if you have it. But ultimately, we don't really have insight into what was contemplated or not contemplated in the forecast from Amgen, just really what their forecast is, and our guidance and our raise of guidance is based on Amgen's forecast. And it's sort of the same response in terms of the market opportunity in Europe for Neulasta, Onpro. It really is a question best directed to Amgen. We are working with them to support all of their needs as they enter that new market and certainly excited about the partnership, but we have committed to them to let them comment on their business opportunities.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So, yeah, we continue to have discussions with pharmaceutical partners and some technical feasibility work, et cetera. I think we've said all along we don't expect another Amgen really in the next few years. And obviously, all of these partners are very – take confidentiality very seriously, and so we can't give a lot of color on that. I will say two things. We still see this as a great opportunity, but as we've continued to say over the last year, year-and-a-half now, it's really a longer-term opportunity, these programs. When we're testing molecules in the – in many cases, in Phase 1, oftentimes, the molecule doesn't meet its endpoints and/or as we get through technical feasibility, something is uncovered. And so these are just longer-term programs. We see them as a long-term potential benefit. And I think what's really exciting is just to see where we are from a margin expansion standpoint and for a growth standpoint despite that slight headwind that we have because of Amgen's forecast. So we'll certainly keep you posted. Unfortunately, we can't really give a lot more color at this point in those activities.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. And, Kyle, we don't anticipate any other full distribution partnerships, so we got our team established in the other markets in which we serve outside of Italy and Nordics. All of that is in play. So we'll work through, as Pat said, distribution intermediaries, but we don't expect any full distribution partnerships outside of Theras and Nordic Infucare. The rest of the team is in place and we're ready to go. And then I think your last question was on Horizon. We will give an update as soon as we're done with IDE 3 and reviewing that data. I just don't want to comment too early as I've always said. As we get done with these IDEs, we review the data, we evaluate if we're ready to move into pre-pivotal or into the next stage or if we need to do another study. And because we're – especially since we're focused on kids, the data looks terrific so far, but I'm going to wait and see it all and then we'll update everybody on kind of our next steps with Horizon.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike Levitz. So we have, over the last number of years, just continued to improve our oversight in our operations side of our business, and that just continues. We couldn't be more thrilled with the work that our operations team is doing. And so we've talked in the past calls about driving down scrap, driving up product quality, driving efficiency. All of those things are true. So we are – we have a lot of opportunities ahead of us. At our Investor Day (00:27:50) November of 2016, we laid out what the key drivers are from our gross margin expansion, and that is continue to drive improvements in the operations, which we continue to do and I expect us to continue to do through the year, driving down component pricing and sourcing. We absolutely are doing that and just getting started with that. And the product platform that we have first with DASH and then the other products that introduced after that that we've already described here are all in the same base platform. And that enables us to drive component savings. And then also even mundane things such as the move from air freight to ocean freight, all of those initiatives are really ahead of schedule, on or ahead of schedule, and we expect to drive significant margin expansion in those areas this year. The move, too, that we'll see in the second half, the move to direct in Europe, will drive a run rate 400 basis points improvement in gross margins. So half-year impact of that is about 200 basis points. And then really things are going to improve even further as we deliver on U.S. manufacturing beginning in the – in the beginning of 2019. That program is doing very well. And so we have a number of initiatives to drive gross margins. We've laid out our multiyear target to 70% and are very confident of that. But in the quarter, there was nothing unusual. It's just continued strong execution.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike. Just to clarify, one other point is when we talk about our customer base, it really is in many ways because of how much goes through distribution channels and estimate, and it's a backward-looking estimate. And so a lot of these benefits, they may already be contributing, but we won't go to report that out or see that right now. But we are seeing tremendous momentum.
Michael L. Levitz: No, it's a great question. One of the things that I talked about on our last call is how this is going to impact us, because it's an interesting year. We give full year guidance, but we gave more clarity around first half, second half on the last call because we're making those investments now for ramping up the team. As Shacey described and Pat described, we've built an amazing team. We now have 100 people. But they're coming in – a lot of those are recent here and are coming and ramping up through the year. So we'll have a run rate of expenses by the time we get through the second quarter without the benefit. The benefit comes beginning really in the third quarter when we have the sales that correspond to it. And so we do expect to see a step change from the first half of the year to the second half of the year. I talked about gross margins going up 400 basis points on a run rate basis, so half year, 200 basis points, for the full year impact. So we do expect there to be a step change as we do this. The guidance that we've provided, we believe, is realistic because this is not a small transition. It is an incredibly meaningful one, a really exciting one. We've made great progress, but as Shacey said, we haven't built our guidance assuming that everything goes perfectly. The good news is that we'll have a really good indicator when we're on the next call how we've gone through the transition. And so we're looking forward to that, but everything right now is looking very good. But we will report out to you as we continue to make progress.
Michael L. Levitz: And I would just add – this is Mike – that Medicare is really exciting and meaningful for us. Medicaid is probably a bigger impact for us because of the pediatric population. And so those wins are really – they really increase in speed after getting the Medicare Part D decision. And so that that again, as Shacey said, is going to benefit us from a new patient start standpoint probably beginning in 2019, but definitely on the revenue side then. So, a lot of exciting things.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike. I would just add that we've talked in the past about how concentrated our base is. When you look at, I think we've talked about France, Germany, the UK and the Netherlands representing roughly 75% of our base, those places that we aren't going through distributors. The places that are less impactful and it makes sense to – using distributor makes complete sense. And again, in France, as you may recall, that also – that goes through what's called the cost of care (00:47:59) as an intermediary as defined by the French market. So that in the core countries where we have the most significant presence, that's where we're going to have our reps calling on customers and on physicians and so on. In terms of the financial impact of this, this has all been contemplated in the guidance that we provided. And so, I reiterated in my comments about the 50% uplift in pricing from our historic distributor pricing. That's all in. That include – that's – nothing has changed, and everything that we're seeing is in line with what we've stated for guidance. So absolutely no change.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike. I would just say that we did that expansion because we expected these market access wins. We've made the investment. You've seen in some of our OpEx increase, a good portion of that or within that OpEx increase was an investment in really driving market access. And now we're seeing the fruit of that investment and we need – we want to have the salespeople to take advantage of the increased demand.
Michael L. Levitz: Just to be clear as it relates to – you used the term stand-up costs for Europe. So, when I spoke on the last call, I talked about the run rate costs of the European business meaning, because it's kind of a ramp through the year, I wanted to talk about this new business model of being direct. The run rate cost will be, yes, $45 million to $50 million on an annualized basis. And so, we really have that team in place as we get into the middle of the year. And so you see the run rate of OpEx on an annual basis of $45 million to $50 million. I also talked on last call about some upfront costs, non-recurring costs to stand up the business, and we expect that that would be the non-recurring costs in the year around $10 million is what I guided to last time. There is no change in that guidance. So, everything we guided to relative to the spending is on track and that's what we expect for the year. It wasn't really all that material in the quarter as it relates to non-recurring costs, but we're doing all the things we expected to do, and we're either doing as well or better than we expected to do them.
Michael L. Levitz: And, Doug, (sic) [Ron] this is Mike. We were pleased to raise the guidance on Drug Delivery for this year. In terms of 2019, we just gave 2018 guidance, so I don't want to get ahead of us on 2019.
Michael L. Levitz: From a guidance standpoint – this is Mike. From a guidance standpoint, when we talk about our 2021 target of $1 billion in revenue, 2021, given the time horizon that Shacey talked about, we never really expected Drug Delivery to play a significant portion in that. So, as we look right now, the nearest term opportunities are within U.S. Omnipod and International Omnipod. And even by 2021, a lot of that's in existing market. So it's really coming out of 2021, what continues to drive significant growth for this business are the expansion into other markets outside the United States for the Omnipod and the opportunities in Drug Delivery. So, when we talk about the $1 billion target going from where we are now, that's largely driven by the U.S. Omnipod and internationally in existing markets, and then the growth beyond that is really the significant opportunity that Pat described and Shacey described.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. There always is this this big seasonality piece. And so, no, there really wasn't anything all that extraordinary. Q1 was very strong. It was in line with our expectations. In fact, we beat our expectations. As Shacey mentioned, with the new access wins, there was some ramping down of existing intermediaries. Now we're going to be going direct with UnitedHealthcare as an example, so that did. That was a headwind in the quarter. But by and large, I mean, we always have expected this kind of seasonality.
Michael L. Levitz: I wouldn't call it – I mean, I guess, maybe you could say around $1 million or something like that. But it's hard to say exactly how much that is, and that's just a natural – the opportunity before us is significant and that's why we raised our guidance for the year in the U.S. And so the access wins are a much bigger impact than the small ramp-down because we really, with the United side, (00:56:57) we get so much more coverage by being direct than the small piece that we lost from the transition from an intermediary.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike. Just to fully answer your question, you had asked about our guidance and what's contemplated from a margin standpoint given the intermediaries. So, in United States, as an example, we go through distributors, but it's our sales force, it's our product support, it's our customer service. So, the infrastructure that you think of the direct business, we're having that same infrastructure in Europe apart from these two markets of Italy and the Nordics. All of what we guided to from an expectation on it being accretive as a business and improvements in gross margin, all of that is – everything we're doing now is in line with those stated plans and expectation.
