Shacey Petrovic: Great. Thanks, Larry. So in terms of iOS, we have not guided any timeframe there, only to say, that we fully expect to follow our initial launch on Android with iOS. So that work is underway and is that timeline becomes more clear, we’ll communicate that out. First, we want to get Omnipod 5 to market, which is coming soon. And in terms of a price premium, and we also haven’t given much insight into our price strategy. The one thing, I will highlight though, is we are entirely committed to a pay-as-you-go model in the United States with Omnipod 5. And so what that means is all of our existing DASH users will be able to transition to Omnipod 5 without having to worry about a lock-in period or having to pay some sort of upgrade fee. Now that doesn’t mean that Omnipod 5 doesn’t warrant a premium, because obviously, the performance in terms of hypoglycemia and other key performance indicators certainly deliver value to the market and so that’s what’s being evaluated. But we are committed to the pay-as-you-go model. And that’s important for us because as we think about the pace of innovation increasing in the market, we want to be positioned to be able to deliver that innovation most quickly to our customers and not make them wait out these industry warranty periods, et cetera. So that we’re committed to and we’ll see on the price premium.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. You’re seeing it the way we see it Robbie. We see this pretty significant technology inflection happening in Type 1 and actually beginning to happen in Type 2. So I think a lot of this is driven by adoption of CGM. And then, of course, we know that there’s going to be great demand. It’s one of the most anticipated developments in the pipeline with Omnipod 5. And so we do see that, we’ve always said, we thought 50% was a pretty reasonable estimate for penetration into the pump market because you just needed to look at pediatrics. But we’re seeing even pediatrics expand utilization of pumps in Type 1 pretty rapidly. And then I think this expansion of CGM has really driven more adoption too. So we do see that as a realistic TAM for us and an exciting one. And then we look at CGM, penetrating into Type 2s now, for us, that’s just pipeline. We see a tremendous opportunity to bring Omnipod 5 to people living with Type 2 insulin-dependent diabetes. And I would say, we have the right to win in both of those markets. We have the specific obviously, really differentiated form factor advantages, and really excited about what integration with our sensor partners will bring to both of those populations.
Shacey Petrovic: That’s right, Robbie. We are not worried. I just always take the opportunity because we have such a different business model relative to obviously other insulin pump players out there. Just to educate on that. And Wayde, I don’t know if you have any other color you want to add regarding the Street estimates.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes, David and you’ve hit on it. The recovery that we’re seeing in Europe is definitely more modest than what we’re seeing in the U.S. today. And it is very much varied across the markets. Some are doing okay. And then others like France, which is obviously an important market for us is still very challenged. As hospitals don’t open and many of those new patients would be served by the prestataire and they are occupied with other priorities. And so it’s kind of a tale of multiple parts across Europe. And the other area that is more challenged is endo visits. And so there’s been slower uptake of telehealth in Europe and many larger European markets see their Omnipod or new pump starts in hospital, the clinics rather than in private offices. And so obviously, hospitals are really challenged right now in many parts of the world. So I think, we’re seeing encouraging things across all of our markets in terms of – endo visits starting to reopen in terms of our pipeline and new starts. But we’re not back to normal still know that endo visits even in the United States are not back to where they were pre-COVID levels. So it’s encouraging, but in the – in Europe, we are forecasting that it will be a much more moderate recovery from here through the rest of the year.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, Jeff. Yes. So, when I talk about adaptability, I’m really referring to other systems that are in the market, where the – there are still many dobbs – knobs and dials to adjust on these systems in terms of various inputs regarding, for example your basal rate or your total daily dose, or your insulin to carb ratio, such that, if the algorithm and the system is not working aggressively enough or in a satisfactory way for the patient that they have to go back into the physician and have adjustment made in order for the system to work more effectively for them. Our system and the algorithm has really been designed to grow and learn with the patient and consciously, we’ve taken a lot of those knobs and dials away, so that the system can actually do its job and simply adapt and perform better for the patient. And so that really, the goal there is to make it much easier, both for the clinician and for the patient, and to rely on the algorithm, to grow with the user. So, there are examples of, if the user adopts a new exercise routine, that means that their insulins, they require potentially less insulin. The system is designed to notice that and to learn and adjust; same thing with children as they get older, they may require more insulin. The system is designed to see that and adjust to that. So that’s what we’re really excited about what adaptability will bring. We’re also really excited just about the flexibility of the system. We’ve talked about customizable set points and other things with the system that should make it just incredibly user-friendly. And I think that was demonstrated at ADA when the moderator compared our usability scores to iPhones. I mean, that’s really how simple the system is designed to be.
Shacey Petrovic: Coming out of ADA, I think, what would be noticeable is just that we’re in this sort of technology adoption and pace of technology increasing in the market for people living with diabetes. It’s just a really exciting time. I mean, there were multiple AID systems, multiple next generation sensors presented. And so when we think about, what that could bring to people living with the disease, it’s very exciting. To me, it’s part of why we remain so bullish on adoption of technology among people living with both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. And obviously, we’re really excited about the role that we’ll play in that. I think this year’s ADA, if you just looked at the enthusiasm, I think there were thousands and thousands of physicians, who had dialed into to listen to our presentations. There’s just tremendous enthusiasm for automated insulin delivery and what it will bring to the community.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, sure. I think that’s a great question. We’re thinking a lot about that right now. We’ve been – obviously; I highlighted it in my remarks. We’ve been already thinking about, how do we build capacity and be in a position to be a very strong from an inventory position. The next steps for us outside of getting through our clinical work and securing clearance are to really think about market access. As I mentioned with Larry at the first question, we are committed to this pay as you go model. And so what that means is that everybody will be able to transition to Omnipod 5, as soon as they have access. We’re not going to regulating this with a four-year warranty period or upgrade fees or anything like that, which means there’s going to be tremendous demand both among our existing users and what we anticipate to be tremendous demand among new users. And a lot of that will be regulated by access. And so our teams are already now thinking about how do they rapidly expand access, particularly in our pharmacy channel. I think we’re very fortunate, because we did all of the work to really establish our – both the new business model, the new wholesaler distribution and the pharmacy access. And so this should go much more smoothly and much more rapidly than it did with DASH. And actually, it went very well with DASH. But that work is already underway as well. And then we’ve had a lot of work going on around onboarding and training of patients, which is why we were ahead of the game in terms of being able to launch all of our virtual tools with Omnipod during the pandemic. But what’s great about the experience that we’ve had is that we know that patients of all sorts of demographics can be very happily and successfully trained at home. And we had less of an experience before the pandemic. Now, we know it for certain across all patient demographics. And so that sets us up, I think, for a lot of success rapidly and cost-effectively being able to bring patients onto Omnipod 5.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. It is something we’re thinking about. it’s difficult to predict obviously. But we do know that endo; in the U.S., where we have the most visibility. We do know that endo visits are down still significantly. And so – and then there’s a portion that’s just happening by a telehealth, people are less likely, and physicians are less likely to transition to new technologies via telehealth than they are in in-person visits. So, I do think that there is this dynamic, where people who probably need better technology and better care are not getting it today. And that’s really concerning, frankly, because it’s a vulnerable population as it relates to COVID. And so I will do everything that we can to educate the community, educate clinicians about this and that there’s, it’s very easy to transition to get a prescription to be able to trial the device and be able to get started at home. And there may very well be a bolus of people. we are not counting on it. But certainly, I hope that everybody who needs care is getting it, or we’ll get it soon as the economy start to continue to reopen.
Shacey Petrovic: So, I’ll start with the first part and then maybe Wayde can comment although I don’t know how much insight we have yet into sort of the cost differential or the impact on margin. I will say that just feedback from both clinicians, who have attended trainings in some cases with their patients that we’re hosting virtually as well as directly from new customers has been absolutely fantastic regarding virtual training. And one of the pieces of the feedback is that it’s just much easier to schedule in everybody’s life. And so certainly, we see an easier time getting scheduled and we can also leverage our field team better in terms of being able to automatically schedule them and have people support multiple areas or multiple territories. And so I think all of those things bode well and we view this, as I said very much as not just a temporary thing that we’re doing to support patients and clinicians during COVID. but as a viable, very exciting way that we can scale our Omnipod 5 training and delight customers, because it’s clear that people love being trained in the comfort of their own homes.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Margaret, I think it’s a good question. I actually think we’ve learned a lot, because of DASH. I mean, we’ve seen a great uptake in this patient population as a result of the simplicity of the platform and just how powerful pharmacy access is. In that experience and understanding how that user segment is using DASH has given us insight into how Omnipod 5 five and future generations of omnipod 5 could be impactful in that population. So, I don’t want to reveal too much there from a competitive standpoint, but I will say that you’ll see us start the clinical work just to evaluate our technology in that population. And I think we’ll learn even more then, and we’re confident based on our experience with DASH and based on the fact that more and more people living with insulin dependent type 2 are adopting CGM, that we have a great technology to bring to that market.
Shacey Petrovic: That’s great. Thanks. And then your question regarding Omnipod 5 five. So as I mentioned in my remarks, all of our patients will be completed or all participants will be completed with the Omnipod 5 study at the – by Q4. And then we don’t – just as general practice, we don’t give estimates on submission, but that timing of completion of participants in the trial gives us great confidence in our limited market release in the first half of 2020. And then in terms of data, we’ve been invited to share our data at ATTD. So we will definitely expect to do that, as that takes place in February, and is likely to be a virtual conference.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. So I think we’re in a good spot because what this is, is an amendment to existing contracts, as opposed to what we had to accomplish with DASH, where we had to go build the relationships and then go establish contracts and pricing in terms with all of our payers. So we are way ahead of the game on that front. But we do plan to use the data to be able to establish a reimbursement with our payers. And so that data will hopefully be available shortly after, our patients or our participants complete the trial in Q4. And I would imagine that the end of 2020, beginning of 2021, our teams are working very hard on establishing access for Omnipod 5.
Shacey Petrovic: No, Jayson, you’re hitting on a really important point and this is the debate that’s going on internally currently. We know that the performance of Omnipod 5 demands a premium. It’s a product that delivers pretty remarkable outcomes for users. What we’re going to be weighing that against and where there’s a lot of analysis going on right now is, the trade off there is just how quickly we can establish access. And so that’s the work that’s underway with the teams right now, and we have not yet shared. And I’m not even sure we’ve landed completely, but shared where we plan to be with a premium. But the access will happen very quickly or much more quickly, if we don’t have a premium or we have a minimal premium, and it will take a much slower ramp if we decide to attach a premium to it. So that’s the rub.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Matt for the question, I really – I think it’s durable to the extent that the pandemic is durable. So I don’t know that it changes the trajectory significantly, it’s really great to see the power of the pod in drug delivery. But it’s probably not an area that we see changing dramatically. And I maintain that, right now it’s very difficult to see any opportunities that are more attractive than the massive growing market that is before us in diabetes. We see just the CGM and technology adoption is at this inflection point and we’re on the cusp of launching Omnipod 5, and so that’s where we’re focused.
Shacey Petrovic: Great. Thank you. Despite the continuing effects of the pandemic Insulet delivered strong operational and financial performance, and our team continues to demonstrate an ability to adapt quickly to challenges and execute on behalf of our customers, our shareholders and our stakeholders. So to all of our employees, I want to thank you for your relentless hard work and dedication. I’m incredibly proud of how we’ve rallied together to support one another and to ensure we continue to advance our mission. Thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to providing updates on our progress throughout the remainder of the year.
Wayde McMillan: Okay. And Larry on the margins for 2021, first of all, margins are an important part of the story for us. We have significant strategies running across the business to make sure that we have the strongest gross margins possible. And we see them as a big part of the differentiated story here for us. And when we look at the most recent quarter, what we’ve called out in impact from COVID 180 basis points in foreign exchange. So if you take out those two, one items, the most recent quarter would be 65%. So COVID is having a pretty significant impact as well as FX on our gross margins. So that takes a bit of a step up away. And then when we look at how we progress in 2021, we have made a significant investment in our manufacturing operations, mainly here in the U.S. but also in our China facility. And we continue to make progress on our operations as well as our supply chain efficiencies. And so we have high confidence that we will get into the 67% to 70% range in 2021. And we still have high confidence that we can get to 70% over time. We’re just a bit delayed here for a quarter or two, as our teams have shifted focus to deal with COVID and the safety and mitigation efforts related to that. But it has not diminished our game plan at all to push for 70% gross margins. And I know the team is doing a lot to keep that in focus while they deal with the current environment. And I know that we’ll get back on track here in the next couple of quarters and be confident when we issue our guidance for 2021.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. No, first of all, it’s a really good question, because one of the reasons we elected to provide guidance last quarter was to give insight for people to understand our business model. And so the reason that Shacey is highlighting here, just to remind people that in the recurring business model that we’ll be dealing with this headwind for the second two quarters of this year and into the first half of next year. But having said that, we have a lot of positive drivers in the business and when we – as specific with to your question on estimates that are out there, we have raised our guidance more than for the Q2 beat here. And so there should be some room in the second half, as you know, we’ve also taken up the second half guidance.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. This is the most important metric for us. Our attrition and utilization metrics, although ticked up are very similar versus our historic levels. So, it really is all about new patients starts for us. And we’ve estimated the U.S. around a third impacted here in Q3. And as Shacey said, given the dynamics internationally, we’ve called it 50% internationally impact, it is – we’re seeing a slower recovery there. And that is exactly it; we’re just making sure that we keep some room for ourselves for resurgence here. And if we see headwinds in certain states within the U.S. or regions outside the U.S. start to be more impacted obviously, at the low end of the range of 50% impact overall for us, would mean Q3 would have to look like Q2, and we hope that we’re not going back there. We – that’s the low end. We hope that we can improve on that. Get closer to the 30% at the high end of the range and that’s on a global basis. So that would mean that the regions combined would have to be 30% for us to be at the high end of the range. And so we see a lot of different scenarios playing out. Obviously, we don’t know where the pandemic is heading? We’re trying to do our best to give ourselves a good estimate here. If we think about why we set guidance originally, it was to put these stakes in the ground, so that we can then help everybody understand how we’re performing against them. And in Q2, we did very well, came in at the bottom end of the range and beat expectations in both regions. So, we’ve moved the steak a little bit more favorable here in Q3. We’ll see how the pandemic progresses. And then the last part of the question, David, around telehealth for the endos and for us virtual training, it has changed the game. I think the benefit of virtual training and the ability for patients to still get the therapy they need, even in a COVID-related world. We have the capability to do that, as Shacey said; most of our trainings in Q2 were virtual. And so we have that capability built now, and that should help us offset, what could have been a worse impact.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Well, just to start with, we still get most of our new patients from the MDI channel. So, it’s about 80% and I can’t really speak to the math for the competitors, but certainly, can give you more insight to our pipeline. We had record new patient starts quarter-on-quarter coming into 2020, and we set our guidance appropriately, and we’re not expecting continued record new patients start quarters every year, but we still had a pretty significant number of new patients starts in there. And so still coming in at 50% of our expectations globally is strong. And the U.S. was better than the 50% and had a pretty good quarter there as well as evidenced by the 31% growth rate in the quarter. We certainly got the benefit of inventory there. But we’re still mid-20s growth rates for the U.S. And so although we were exceeding that in the last few quarters of 2019, I think at 26%, 27% growth rate ex-inventory build is still a really healthy quarter. So, it gives you a sense of yes, we’re off our expectations for the year, but still very strong new patient start growth.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. And I hope you’re right. on unemployment, I think we’ve got long ways to go to understand, where we’re at in this pandemic. But it really speaks to the point that Shacey highlighted in her opening remarks and that I provided some more detail in my remarks as well, is the way that our business model works. And when we take half, the new patients starts that we’re planning out of Q2 and even though we have an improving Q3 and improving Q4 through the end of the year, when you take new patient starts out, it creates a headwind to the growth rate compared to last year. So, it really highlights the very tough comp that we created for ourselves in 2019. If you think about, where we were in the second half of 2019, we launched DASH. we entered the pharmacy channel and we launched our pay-as-you-go model. So, we had record new patient starts quarter-on-quarter through the end of 2019. So, we set up some very tough comps and you can look at the comps individually by metric; sales, price, utilization, attrition. And if all of those are fairly consistent, it’s all about new patient starts. And so with the COVID headwinds here, although we have improving new patient starts through the end of the year. by no means, are we stacking up new patients starts on a record-breaking nature like we did last year. So that’s going to impact our growth rates with those tough comps. We’ll see how we go, pandemic is making forecasting more challenging than ever. I like that we put these stakes in the ground last quarter. We’re going to continue to measure ourselves against them, see how we do here again in Q3.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. I think the only thing I could add there really is, just keep in mind what Shacey said it’s early days. I think there’s some silver linings with the COVID pandemic here. and maybe, one of them is a situation, where we’re forced into more virtual trainings, both us to support it as well as patients and physicians. And I think we’re all learning that there are some benefits. patients enjoy getting trained at home in the comfort of their own homes and we’re finding out that it could be more efficient as Shacey said. We don’t have to have our clinical reps in – within driving distance of all the customers that we want to bring on in person. So, there are certainly efficiencies to be gained. The real question is how large of a percentage does virtual training become over time. There are benefits to being in person. We know that clinicians see a lot of those benefits to seeing their patients in person. So, I think it’s going to be a mixed bag over time. Margaret, I think just we’ll keep in mind that it’s early days, we’re learning a lot. We certainly know a lot more now than we did at the start of Q2.
Wayde McMillan: Hi, Jayson, we have not, but we can provide a little more color. The U.S. was better than the 50% and outside the U.S. was higher than the 50%. The combination of the two got us to the 50% for the quarter.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. It was actually very similar to Q1. So in the U.S., we had an impact of $4 million to $5 million and for outside the U.S., it was $2 million, so a global $6 million to $7 million impact.
Wayde McMillan: Hey, Travis, I can start. Yes. So in regards to the Q3, 30% to 50% new patients start reduction from expectations, that is better than we saw in Q2, it was 50% in Q2. So by definition, everything below 50% will be better just to clarify that. And that is as a result of seeing gradual improvement coming out of Q2 into July. So it is different by region, as I mentioned upfront, every state, we see our reps in some cases getting back and meeting with customers and physicians and then in some cases that stops. Clinic-by-clinic, they’re turning on, turning off. There is a lot of variability, as Shacey said, just across the U.S. And outside the U.S., it’s a tough call because some countries are opening up and doing better. And as Shacey referenced, some countries are almost nil and still locked down and really not bringing on new patients. So very much a mixed bag out there, but just generally, we are starting to see improvements coming out of Q2, and that’s where we’re guiding to more of a 30% to 50% or a third to a half versus a half that we saw on Q2.
