Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Margaret, this is Shacey. France is approximately a third of our installed base. And it is an important example of really the risk mitigation in this transition of the business because, as I mentioned, the (31:06) stands between the manufacturer and the patients. And so, it's a fairly straightforward market to transition. It's been an incredible growth driver. I mean, really, France has been a phenom. And we do expect that growth to moderate in the near to medium-term. But it's been a pretty spectacular performer for us over the last quarter. And the businesses – the different markets across Europe sort of span the spectrum from the French model where there is a middleman like the (31:40) to more a U.S. type of models like the UK. But we do expect that market to continue to grow, but we are kind of penetrating at large percentages now and so the growth will moderate.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So, we had a great quarter – actually we had a great year so far in the U.S. Our pipeline is incredibly strong and that's been driven by commercial execution and direct-to-consumer marketing through digital channels. And so that's really increasing awareness and then the pull-through because of market access and the field performance has been very strong as well. And I think it's evidence that this focus on multiple daily injections and the value proposition there is really strong. And so that distinction is what's helping to fuel Omnipod's growth. As it relates to Dash, the feedback we got at ADA is that the platform will be even simpler and should strengthen our value proposition and our differentiation in that patient population. So we'll remain focused on that same user group. In terms of the rollout, we're keeping that kind of under wraps for competitive reasons. But I will say that we're going to have attractive avenues to access the system for both our existing users and new users. And we're really excited about the early feedback. And so we're going to do whatever we can to make sure it's a successful rollout and that also we can ramp quickly and supply what we think is going to be pretty great demand out there. But, I guess I have tempered those remarks by reminding everybody that our business model is a recurring revenue business model. So, it's not like this drives a bolus of revenue that you see with the capital models that exist out there.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Yeah. David, I think, our guidance is appropriately conservative given the transition negotiations and the pending change. So I do think it factors in that risk, but there is a clear line-of-sight to the upper end of the guidance because our interest with our distributor are somewhat aligned. So they make profit on pods. They are contractually obligated to continue to grow Omnipod between now and the expiration of the agreement. As Mike mentioned, they have a per pod fee following the 12 months after expiration of the agreement. And then they also have reputational risk if they don't continue to support Omnipod in the market. So, all of those things we believe help us mitigate risk. And I think the thing to remember is this really is short-term noise. This is a great move for us. It unlocks our international business opportunities both in Europe and beyond over the medium and long-term and just drives incredible value for us. So, yes, the guidance factors in that risk and I think we're ready to execute and pull that business over in 2018.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think it's puts and takes. Some of it is sustainable and some of it will just naturally fluctuate quarter-to-quarter.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Danielle. That's a great question. For our type 2 product, the limitation in serving the type 2 market is really about the reservoir size. If we want to keep the form factor that everybody loves with Omnipod, we have to figure out a way to serve people who need higher volumes of insulin on a daily basis for type 2 patients, who typically require anywhere from two times to five times more insulin on a daily basis than a type 1 patient. And so we do that with the concentrated insulins program. As I mentioned, the timing for those – U500 will hit the market in 2019 and U200 will hit the market in 2020. U500 is for very highly insulin-resistant patients and so a smaller niche, although we will be the only pump approved for U500. And so it's very likely we'll take a big portion of that population. And then U200 is really the molecule that unlocks the type 2 market for us. And when we think about the type 2 market, we think about insulin-dependent type 2s. And so if you take that volume, that's approximately two times to three times the size of the market – sorry, of our market today – sorry, it doubles or potentially triples the market that we have today with type 1. So we would see acceleration there, but our data demonstrates that most people who use or who are insulin-dependent type 2s are seen by an endocrinologist. So it doesn't really mean that we have to expand our channel, but we will have messaging. We will have a product that is uniquely developed for a patient with type 2 diabetes versus the type 1.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: They did indicate on their call that their business would continue to grow. The number that I provided, Tao, was the approximate patients that exist today. So, that's 50,000. And I don't recall the exact number, but I think it was north of 60,000 that they indicated on their call. And my German isn't great.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I think, the primary thing is the team that is working on the development program. We have a world-class Medical Director in Trang Ly, who has been involved in every single APE clinical program prior to coming to Insulet. She knows what great looks like and she knows how to avoid some of the pitfalls that other programs ran into. We have an extraordinary research and development team, particularly the software and chip (53:05) team and mobile technology team in San Diego and the pod – I can't even single them out. They're working very, very well together, the device team, the software team to make rapid iteration and progress on the innovation front. And then you highlighted it. The FDA has been very supportive. I would describe our relationship with them as collaborative. We're getting the guidance that we need. And we feel like we've got a very tight clinical plan that we're executing on. So, I would agree I get so excited when I think about the progress the team has made in such a short period of time and even more excited when I think about the product that we're going to launch and the differentiation that we'll bring to market, so.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. So, we continue to be in great, I think, active discussions with the FDA regarding that. And that's certainly our hope, if that we could get to phone control maybe even before Horizon. I think the FDA recognizes and now has set up panels of experts to work on cybersecurity for mobile devices and moving to phone control for medical devices. And we're actively engaged in those discussions and those panels. And so we're working very hard on behalf of our customer base to get to that – to phone control because we know it's what they want and we'd like to be leaders in that area.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think we've heard what you've heard. There have been some bumps in the launch. And we are hearing from endos that they are becoming more familiar with just how much time and work it's going to take to – and that they are going to need to devote to support and train people on these more complex systems. And I think that's just highlighting the difference in our value proposition around simplicity and ease of use. And I think it supports our messaging that there may be some reason to use a device like 670 on a patient, who is wearing a tube pump and is willing to put in the work to get whatever incremental benefit they are going to out of that technology. That's not our patient population. Our targeted demographic is the multiple daily injection user. And for those people, we can help bring them to pod therapy and better glycemic control, better quality of life that they would not have gotten because they weren't willing to get onto to a tube pump. So I think it just highlights really the segmentation in the market and that we're a different value proposition and a different patient target.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: We're purposely not giving that detail any longer because it's misleading in terms of its connection to revenue growth and that just goes back to our business model. But really the best predictor of revenue growth is installed base because you have to take into consideration that that's 90% plus of what drives our revenue in a quarter and attrition also drives or retention rather also drives revenue. And so, I would just focus on the fact that we grew our installed base 15% in the United States the last quarter.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I will just remind you that the business is actually fairly concentrated. And so that's one factor when you think about what our investment and what the size of our team needs to look like. And then the other thing I'll say is that Ypsomed had a large portfolio of commodity devices in addition to Omnipod and so they weren't 100% focused on Omnipod and, obviously, recently launched their competitive device. So I think we're expecting once this team is fully – the sales team is fully productive that we will get benefit from the sole focus on Omnipod and our growing product portfolio. And that may mean that our team needs to look different. And then when you look across the continent and even among our four largest markets, their business models are very different. So, you may have a different type of commercial presence depending on the market that you're serving. I talked about France in my opening remarks. Our commercial organization in a country like France is going to look very different than our commercial organization, for example, in the United Kingdom or Germany. But we will make and we are – we plan to make – we are making the right level of investment to make sure that we best serve that marketplace and all of the important customers to us in Europe.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. I would just add that we have – as we've seen in the United States strong growth, we've seen very strong growth across the European markets and where we're direct in Canada. And so there is just a tremendous amount of adoption. So it's not a story all about France. I think the point about France is just it's a wonderful part of the story. And, again, it's a fairly easier operating model to transition to.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. So, when we had talked about 65% target, at that time, we were evaluating whether to go direct or not and so it factored in at the existing business model at that time, which was not going direct. And that's why in going direct and that adding about 400 basis points to our model, that's how we raised from the 65% target to the approaching 70% target. In our Investor Meeting in November, we laid out the key drivers of what gets us from where we are today of approaching 60% to the previous target of 65%. And a significant portion of that was associated with manufacturing and operation supply chain improvements, including the move to our highly automated U.S. manufacturing. There are also commercial opportunities that were factored in there as well. Now, with the higher targets, that's reflecting in full the opportunity that we now have with the direct business model in Europe.
Michael L. Levitz: The way I would answer that is we have consistently set targets, not that we would be satisfied with any of our targets, but the targets need to be credible. So we have direct line-of-sight, as Pat said in the past and I have, to these targets. Is there upside to the target? There is always upside. We would say that our targets though are realistic. In that, look, there is downside risk too. So, we will not stop in driving the value of this business and we're very pleased with the progress we've made today.
Michael L. Levitz: Hi, Mike. It's Mike. In answer to your question, so we have not had a practice of confirming pricing specifically, but we did give more color here specifically, so that you could get comfortable with the modeling. So, I think, it's fair to say that it is still a discount off U.S. pricing, but it's a sizable increase off of our current pricing to Ypsomed. In terms of the gross margin improvement, I think, the important way to think through that is just what we said. In that, it improves total company gross margin by 400 basis points on a full year basis, half that for 2018 as you would expect since the agreement ends mid-year.
Michael L. Levitz: So I did want to give – since this is a change in business model, I did want to give a view of a run rate – an annual run rate for the European business. And I did say $45 million to $50 million. That's correct. It is important to note that we are standing up this business. We've been doing a tremendous amount of work over the last couple years to prepare for this. And there is spending in 2017 associated with standing it up, but there will also be, we expect, approximately $10 million of standup cost that are non-recurring. And then there is also this fee to Ypsomed to essentially buy the book of business that's paid based on the number of customers that transition to our product. The $45 million to $50 million was really once we're running the business direct, what does the run rate look like, because it is a change from our historic business model. In terms of how it ramps up next year, we'll give more clarity as we always do when we give 2018 guidance in February as part of our year-end results. But I think it's fair to expect that the cost will ramp up through the year because we're growing the business and establishing that infrastructure over time. [Technical Difficulty] (46:28) highly confident of the seamless transition mid-year.
Michael L. Levitz: Tao, this is Mike. I just want to make sure I'm understanding your question correctly because we gave guidance for the year for our international...
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah. Well, I think, what we've been saying is that the business is growing very nicely from a volume standpoint. From a pricing standpoint, we expect the pricing to improve mid-year by approximately 50% from our historic pricing. And so with our guidance that we've already provided of $105 million to $108 million for international, obviously, not all of that is Europe. It's roughly 80% or so. But that's the basis for doing estimates of 2018 run rate. And, again, we'll give more clarity specifically on 2018 when we do our year-end call.
Michael L. Levitz: Let me be crystal clear. So, as a direct business in Europe, we expect the annual run rate operating expenses to support that on a direct basis to be $45 million to $50 million. That is the annual run rate when we are direct in Europe. Up until that time, we are ramping up the team. We have a clear plan, cross-functionally. And so, the cost will be ramping up to that, but that will be the run rate once we assume direct distribution on an annual basis mid-year.
Michael L. Levitz: I think what's important to understand though is there will be stand up expenses in 2018, but we have to hire all the people. And the full run rate spending, once we are fully operational, is $45 million to $50 million.
Michael L. Levitz: Jeff, this is Mike. I would not presume that inventory has a meaningful impact on your models. We have been managing, as we've been saying for quite some time now, managing to make sure that there is not a lot of inventory in the channel. With all of the improvements that we have made in manufacturing and supply chain, there really is no need for it. And so, I would not expect that inventory will have a meaningful impact on your models.
Michael L. Levitz: What I would – this is Mike. I would just say. I mean we have seen increasing momentum quarter-by-quarter and are very pleased with the growth in new patients.
Michael L. Levitz: Jayson, this is Mike. So the fee is calculated based upon the number of pods that are sold in the 12 months after the contract expires, which is June 30, 2018, to people who had previously purchased Omnipod devices from Ypsomed. So, it's based on the number of pods sold. So, as such, they have every incentive to continue to drive the number of patients on that device through June 30 of 2018 and that fee is maximized based upon there being very limited attrition of those patients in the 12 months following the contract expiration. So, from our perspective, we think it's a very helpful fee, because it aligns our interest in really making sure that the patients are taking care of, that we continue to grow Omnipod in Europe and that there is a successful transition of the business.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike again. So the goals that we laid out at the Analyst Day of $1 billion in revenue, driven by growth across all of our product lines with strong growth, 20% CAGR, across our product lines has not changed at all. As we said at the time, the focus is on growing the business. We don't need any one product or area to have outsized impact. It was never meant to be. Here is exactly the growth that we're going to have in U.S. versus international versus Drug Delivery which really meant to say we have so many opportunities across this book of business. That's why we're confident in the $1 billion target.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Mike, I think, the answer is that the contract doesn't expire until June 30 of 2018. And both parties are contractually bound with certain obligations. And one of their obligations is to actively promote the Omnipod System throughout Europe. And so I think with that – plus the fact that they have a financial incentive because they get profit on every Omnipod that they sell between now and then as well as this termination fee that's provided for and the reputational risk. I have full faith that they will live up to the obligations of the agreement.
Patrick J. Sullivan: And just from another perspective. As Shacey mentioned, we're currently in 13 markets in Europe, concentrated in four. If you take an individual country in Europe, it's about the size of our Canadian operation.
Patrick J. Sullivan: So, it's a series of countries that are about the size of our business in Canada. So, we have every confidence we're going to be able to do this very effectively during the transition period.
Patrick J. Sullivan: In terms of utilization per patient, we're really not in a position to give you that information. I think you can run your models and come up with reasonable estimates. What I would say about the European market is that in terms of pump penetration, Europe is only about 20% penetrated in pumps versus 30% in the United States. And so, we think there is great opportunities to expand the market in Europe through a higher penetration. And, secondly the attrition rate is about 9% in the U.S. and it's only about 2% to 3% in Europe. So, once a patient gets on a product in Europe, they'll start the reimbursement for life, which is vastly different than the every 18 month people transition during – in the United States transition between insurance plans.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Great. Thank you, operator. We are absolutely positively thrilled to establish a direct presence in Europe. We've done our homework and we're very prepared and we're ready for the challenge. We have the right team in place to drive significant performance and success. And we have the right tools in place to win and achieve our goal of $1 billion in revenue in 2021. I'd like to thank the Insulet employees for their hard work and dedication to ease the burden and improve the lives of people living with diabetes and other diseases. Thank you for joining us on the call today. We look forward to sharing our progress during the course of what is shaping up to be a very exciting 2017. Thank you very much.
