Brian Roberts: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2013 conference call. I’m Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started I like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward looking statements as defined under the securities laws. We intend these [ph] forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making the statements for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the company’s potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the company’s press release issued earlier today and in the Risk Factors section of the company’s SEC filings including the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I’d also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as to today’s press release at myomnipod.com in the Investors Section. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Duane.
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Duane. Consolidated revenue increased by 12% to $61.1 million in the third quarter of 2013, compared to $54.8 million in the third quarter of 2012. As a reminder, our third quarter results includes a reduction of more than $4 million in neighborhood diabetes revenue related to the impact of Medicare competitive bidding which took effect on July 1. Adjusting for the impact of competitive bidding, year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter would have been approximately 20%. We had another strong quarter of OmniPod revenue growth which improves by nearly 30% over Q3 2012. Additionally, we left over $4 million in unfilled distributor orders at the end of Q3. Taking these open orders into consideration, OmniPod growth would have been approximately 35%. New customer additions continue where to rate [ph] in excess of 40% year-over-year since March and we expect to continue to achieve this levels in Q4. As Duane noted, the transition of our customer based was a significant effort during the third quarter. While we work through the transition, we continue to experience reorder reutilization disruption, with that rate appearing to normalize in September. With the customer transition now nearly complete, we expect reorder utilization to normalize for more predictable pace as expected in the fourth quarter. Consolidated revenue for the first nine months of 2013 was $178.6 million compared to $153.5 million for the first nine months of 2012, an increase of approximately 16% year-over-year. Gross profit grew by 12% for the third quarter to $27.4 million as compared to gross profit of $24.4 million in the third quarter of last year. Gross margin remained consistent quarter-over-quarter at 45%. We are extremely pleased with this result given the cost incurred to switch the existing customer base to the new OmniPod. With the transition nearly complete, we expect to drive gross margin expansion in Q4 towards 50% as we reach the payback point during the quarter for many of the free PDMs. We continue to believe that in early 2014, the new OmniPod will drive U.S. gross margins in the low to mid-60s translating to a consolidated gross margin in the low to mid-50s. Gross profit for the first nine months of 2013 was $79.4 million, an increase of $12.4 million or 18% as compared to $67 million in the first nine months of 2012. Operating expenses increased by $11.8 million to $44.7 million in the third quarter of 2013 from $32.9 million in the third quarter of 2012. This increase is attributable to over $10 million in certain non-recurring charges primarily related to our patent litigation settlement with Medtronic. We believe the third quarter results are onetime in nature and continue to manage our operating expenses closely. Operating expenses should return to Q2 level in the fourth quarter which will allow us to be at or near operating breakeven by the end of the year. Operating expenses were $108.7 million for the first nine months of 2013 and $96.9 million for the first nine months of 2012. Operating loss for the third quarter increased to $17.3 million as compared to $8.5 million in the third quarter of last year. Excluding amounts related to the non-recurring charges, our operating loss would be approximately $6 million in the third quarter an improvement from both the third quarter of 2012 and the second quarter of 2013. Interest and other expense was $4 million in the third quarters of both 2013 and 2012. Approximately $2.6 million of this expense was non-cash. Net interest and other expense was $12.9 million for the first nine months of 2013 compared to $11.6 million for the same period in 2012. We reported a net loss for the third quarter of 2013 of $21.3 million or $0.39 per share compared to a net loss of $12.4 or $0.26 per share for the third quarter of last year. Net loss for the first nine months was $42.5 million or $0.79 per share compared to $41.7 million or $0.87 per share for the first nine months of 2012. We generated a positive cash flow for the second quarter in a row with our cash and cash equivalence now it’s increasing to approximately $164 million at September 30, compared to approximately $151 million as of June 30. As of September 30, we had approximately 54.5 million common shares outstanding. Finally, as Duane noted, we remain very positive about our prospects for 2013 and beyond, the new OmniPod continues to generate excitement in the industry and with the existing customer base transition behind us was solely focus in growing the business. We expect Q4 revenue to be in the range of $65 million to $71 million equating to $244 million to $250 million of revenue for the full year. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Duane.
Brian Roberts: So I think there’s a couple of things to take in explanation [ph], certainly, the third quarter also have the impact of competitive bit [ph] so, I mean, if you want to adjust for both of those, then the perfect for [indiscernible] have got us probably 69 million or 70 million. Not at all of those orders are purely stocking, right. So for the distributor orders, I mean – our guess is some initial shipments of few other things that would have probably got then in a normalized pattern by the end of Q3 probably spilled [ph] into the beginning of Q4. We’ll see exactly what the distributors ultimately want to have on the end – at the end of Q4 but at the same time, we do have all three lines cranking. We want to make sure that we have a prudent amount of inventory here on the shelves to be able to handle demand that is coming through. So the goal would be into the quarter isn’t to necessarily just ship out every pod we have to maximize exactly a revenue number and have those pods sitting on shelves. We want to make sure that we’re prudently doing it around the business. We got to plan around Chinese New Year at the end of January and make sure that we can meet all of the demand and all of the needs throughout the world.
Brian Roberts: Again, we’ll just going to stick to kind of overall OmniPod growth as far as the way that we’ve been presenting this. So year-over-year, OmniPod was 30% and if you crack [ph] to the distributor stuff, then again, we are probably at 35% or so in that range.Bill Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Roberts: We’ve joked [ph] that we have a very clean warehouse because there’s been a lot of room to do stuff.Tom Gunderson – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Those are my two. Thanks, guys.
Brian Roberts: Hi, Ben.Ben Andrew – William Blair & Company: Hey. Following on Tom’s question, talk about the cadence of sales rep and to what extent you’re still holding the group act [ph] such that we could see kind of a true [ph] acceleration whether it shows up in Q4, Q1 and Q2 and that if patient add starts absorbs them and [indiscernible] get you to that level and what you would need that fourth line.
Brian Roberts: Yes. And I’d only add to what Duane said, I mean, if you take away one metric from the prepared remarks that I think is a critically important one and goes to the heart of your question, Ben, is that when one out of every four doctors who have prescribed the product since March 1, our brand new doctors does. And so a lot of those doctors have gone now through the trial process. They had a patient on for three months or six months. They wanted to see how those patients are doing and now they’re coming back and prescribing more. And so to be able to kind of continue to push more and more people through the infrastructure or the pipeline, if you will, a big key is to have more doctors prescribing the product. And for me, where the sales team has done a phenomenal job over the last – since launched, if you will, has really been able to get in front of a lot of doctors and for whatever their reasons to me has been, more on prescribing the OmniPod and have brought them into the full [ph] and are now prescribing it. So as Duane said, that for physician point is either tube or no tubes, if it’s no tube, we are the only [ph] game in town. And again, interestingly, when we talk about some of these competitive products, for example, the 530G, there’s no pediatric label on that product, it’s 16 or above. Again, where we’re seeing huge, huge growth from our business and a lot of the people are MDIs are pediatrics. So those are important factors for us but that doctor number is key because it just increases this overall prescription – this overall group of prescribers and that’s how the momentum continues, that’s how you make sure that there just wasn’t some group of people waiting for the new pod to come and they have come on now and that part is done and we’re still seeing this big sustaining power from the launch. And the other piece of it is now that the transition is behind us, doctors wanted to see that happened, too. They wanted to get their customers over to the same platform or their patients over to the same platform and make sure that that went off relatively seamlessly. And although we’d seen (ph) some customer service bumps and bruises, all in, we think that the patient-base is very happy with the product and things are going great.Ben Andrew – William Blair & Company: Thank you.
Brian Roberts: I think actually we’re probably – right now, I’m still calculating to 9% using an annualized number. But I would tell you, looks like over the last month or two, we think that that number is trending downward. Yes, there certainly been as you can imagine to this transition and why I still kind of see this as a little bit over 90% complete as compared to 100% complete is some people have come out of the woodwork where we probably thought that maybe they weren’t on product anymore or more – using it more sporadically and they’ve come back and you kind of jump back into the queue to take a – take a reorder and get back on to the shipment list. So that’s a big positive but those haven’t calculated their way through the number yet if you will.
Brian Roberts: Definitely up over Q2s numbers. Again, like I said north of 40% year-over-year increase from where we were in Q3. So I’ll let you guys kind of complete the rest of the math on top of that. But I think you’re probably directionally right.
Brian Roberts: Yes. We actually – we don’t really break at that level. So I don’t know the exact answer. But in the whole I would tell you that it’s still north of 70% our MDI patient, there’s nothing that would tell me those doctors’ office there’s really any [ph] difference.
Brian Roberts: I mean, we haven’t heard anything differently to say that they want have it filled within the next six-day, weeks. So I’d expect that to still hold through. But again, obviously something we don’t completely control. But if it’s not, it would be pretty closely thereafter, yes.
Brian Roberts: We were equal the opportunity to hold backers. So we did it in the U.S. and internationally. Again, wanted to make sure that we were getting the pods in the hand of all the patients as compared to let them sit on shelves, be at our shelves or somebody else’s. We’ll see, certainly have some lack [ph] in production goals in the fourth quarter where we think we’ll produce north of probably 2.5 million, 2.6 million OmniPods in total. And so, that will certainly help us to be able to ship some of a little [ph] more and allow them a little bit more comfort with the inventory levels. But again, to my earlier comments, we know that we’ve got to make sure we’re planning ahead a little bit here through the first quarter as well. And so, we’ll have to see if there’s still a little bit of backlog if you will, but remains at the end of the year just so that we can kind of keep an adequate supply on hand.
Brian Roberts: That fourth line should produce again, somewhere in the neighborhood of 350,000, 400,000 pods per month. So it should put our monthly production somewhere around 1.4 million by then.
Brian Roberts: Yes, another – yes, so we’re moving – we’re moving the Canadian patient pace to the new OmniPod here Q4. We receive the Health Canada [ph] approval back I think back in the spring. But we just wanted to make sure we could get through the U.S. first. The GlaxoSmithKline guys, they’ve done a fantastic job. One of the really interesting things about the Canadian market is there’s a strong push in several other provinces, Ontario being one of them, to get pediatrics on to insulin pumps. I think one of the challenges that we see in the Canadian market unlike the U.S. is that to be able to get – and effectively the government is paying for the pump for a pediatric to go on, the challenge is they have to go to a certain centers to be able to receive those government reimbursement benefits and there’s a wave left [ph]. And we’ve worked with the Glaxo folks quite a bit to try to figure out those ways through diabetes education or other different types of programs so we can help kind of facilitate that and kind of open up the spec [ph] a little bit more. Today that’s had I’d say moderate levels of success. I think overall Canada has met our expectations and doing a really good job. I think the JSK [ph] guys are happy. But that is the one difference within the Canadian infrastructure if you will compare to the U.S. But on an overall basis we’ve certainly planed the volume of pods that they need in Q4 to be able to transition everybody over and no concerns, I’d be able to get those to them and be able to get it done before the end of the year here.
Brian Roberts: Sure. I mean, again, certainly, I think from the remarks, we talked a little bit about it. I mean, we have seen no signs whatsoever of patient start slowing down, so I think we feel very bullish about patient starts and if anything, we want to make sure that we’re staying very aggressive on being able to continue to increase that number and invest the investment into the sales team that we’ve talked about. I think the nice part about it for us is that the whole goal and a lot of it is that we’re able to self-fund it and Q4 really becomes the first quarter in a long time where we’re very confident that we’re going to see gross margin expansion and those dollars being able to help us leverage this investment. The nice part has been we’ve effectively been operating cash profitable for over a year without any of the benefit of that gross margin expansion. So we’ve shown a lot of leverage within the operating side of the P&L and I think the gross margin side now just helps us accelerate that more. All in, Q4, we did make our payments to Medtronic as part of the patent settlement in the fourth quarter, so that will come up to cash balance. Q4 will have our typical convertible debt payment and those things. So Q4 tends to eat a little bit more cash than the typical quarter, so that would [indiscernible] of 2014, we certainly expect to be EBIT profitable as well as cash flow positive.
Brian Roberts: Yes, I’d add, I mean, so we do receive what I call imperfect data back from distributors which is why – I don’t think we’re that confident saying we’re 100% done. I mean, again, I think the transition, the mountain has been moved [indiscernible] behind us which I think overall is great news. But to clear on one point, all customers who are calling in, needing pods, they’ve been getting all the new pods. We haven’t sold an old pod here in the U.S. in probably five months now. And effectively, from our perspective, we’re basically done.
Brian Roberts: I mean, the overall metric in the U.S. is probably high 20s in total. I mean, just a gut feel says that that number is going up there because I think the benefits on being on an insulin pump is something that I think a lot people focus on and say this is good for my child and I think it’s pretty hard for parents to when they have to deliver lots of needles every day. So my guess would be higher but I don’t think we’ve seen a statistic to actually back that number up.
Brian Roberts: Yes. I kind of let the results speak for themselves. I mean, we’ve been operating cash profitable for over a year, so just backing up for the non-cash expenses. We can have a whole different conversation on things like the black shows [ph] model and the value that that creates within the P&L. Again, I mean, our view is that we’re going to be effectively EBIT breakeven positive kind of by the end of this year here. I just said a few minutes ago that we’re going to be EBIT positive next year. We’ve generated two positive quarters of cash flow and I think we’ve done a tremendous job of being able to manage both sides of kind of growth and getting ourselves to the point where profitability is right here on the horizon. On the whole [ph] from our perspective, I think we’re creating a lot of that leverage and certainly we’re – we’ve had a relatively flat gross margin for a couple of years, waiting for this day to come with the new pod transition and now in the hands of the customer-base and, again, making north [ph] of 2.5 million of these things in the fourth quarter, I think we’re positioned really, really well.
Duane DeSisto: Thanks, Brian. The excitement for the new OmniPod continues to exceed our expectations. One important practice is not prescribing the OmniPod are new [ph], over 20% of our existing practices have grown in excess of 100% year-over-year. Pediatrics stars were up nearly 70% year-over-year, and we have seen more than 100% increase in children under the age of 10. These statistics demonstrates that the new OmniPod is a game changer in the area of continuous insulin infusion therapy. The promise of OmniPod’s simplicity, ease of use [ph] in a small discrete size resonate with people living with diabetes. Short of a cure, people did not want to be constantly thinking about their diabetes. The OmniPod is helping them achieve this goal. And with that Operator, please open the call for questions.
Duane DeSisto: Kim, I think that’s correct. I mean, that’s how we feel. We’re pretty excited about it. I would tell you when we kind of laid out this year, the quarter we’re worried about was the quarter we’re going to go through this transition and it was – I guess, it was every bit as painful as we imagine but we’re pretty happy with how it turned out. We think we’re in a really good spot. We really are now focused on a go-forward [ph].
Duane DeSisto: Look, I think they are targeting their installed-based right now and once again, 70% of our customers are coming from MDI, so. I mean, they’re out there. They’ll be talking it off I think. If you look at the marketing literature that’s been produced by Dexcom in terms of the performance of the sensors, the Dexcom sensor versus the Medtronic sensor, we’re more than happy to tell people, they have to be using Dexcom. So short-term, we really don’t see that that product being a big disruption in terms of patient adds. I think in doctor’s office is where they’ll try to leverage that once again. I think we compete for mind share at the physician office now that the customers – I think, Danielle, the thing we are encouraged about is we’ve been selling against their product. We, by we, I mean, us and our partners and that in Europe now for months and it hasn’t slowed us down. It’s anecdotal but we think we know what the pitch is and we think we understand what the performance of our products been because we’ve been watching it over there in the various countries in the [indiscernible].
Duane DeSisto: Yes, I think. Look, we’re looking more towards – if I had to guess right now based on where we are on the progress we made, there’s probably – once again, just to level set everyone, I mean, this still is kind of in the R as opposed to the D phase here but we think we’ll be in a much better position by the middle of next year.
Duane DeSisto: Look – Tom, this is Duane. I think – great question, but I think the reality of it is if you look at that MDI population, they know insulin pump exist, they, for the most part, most of this people have had diabetes for an extended period of time and they’re not interested in tubing no matter how cool the actual device itself may look. So for us, what we’re finding is the more time we’re spending in the office, the more time we’re spending with these prescribing physicians, the more comfortable they are giving us more people. So the real trick for us has been – I would tell you, it’s kind of focused looking at the top 20 accounts in the territory, the next 20 accounts in the territory. Part of what we’re looking at in this planning as Brian described and the reason we’re looking at more capacity is we want to bring on some more sales people because we think we now have a model that we feel pretty comfortable with and we will have the production to support it, right, for us to bring on more sales and people in the middle of this year would have just been – there would have been more people yelling me at me just getting their product on time. So I think from our standpoint, it really is about spending that time in these offices with these physicians, getting them comfortable. They all have this, again, they all have a significant number of MDI patients, so it really is, I think, from our sales process standpoint – and we feel good, a product without tubing appeals to this group of people and I know we got a Low Glucose Suspend, we got all these other things. I mean, keep in mind, these people would give themselves injections three to five times a day. And they knew pumping was out there and they chose not to do it. So like I said, I think our form factor in what we’re doing is really resonates with this group and now, it’s about us executing these physician offices. And like I said, I think what’s becoming clear to us in our modeling as we go forward, we want to add some more people because we can do the ROI on it and it’s pretty clear as long as we can support these guys with product, that we think the opportunity is there and that’s really, like I said, that’s really been the focus over the last few months is just getting those lines up, getting that quality level up to where we want them.
Duane DeSisto: This is Duane. I think from our standpoint, we’re competing with all those products, all that stuff in Europe and so we think we understand the position and we think we understand the marketing, so, right? I mean, look, competing with Medtronic on the day-to-day basis, right, we pay attention to everything we do, every angle that they can use, they can use. But at the end of the day, it’s a different group of people and for the most part. And I think we feel pretty comfortable about it. And if I was a parent of a child that had diabetes and I was really interested in CGM, I’d go for the most accurate sensor which is our friends at Dexcom. I mean, I won’t be taking one that’s not as accurate. Like I said, I only pull up all the – what I got to do is pull up the marketing literature that’s out there and they had their comparisons. We feel pretty good about we have a very nice offering that if you are the parent of the pediatric child, we pretty comfortably can make you feel good about those two products combined.
Duane DeSisto: I think we are incomplete calendar. We’re still poking around this. I love to tell you we have the answer and we got that part figured out. But to me that’s really the art [ph] in this. And don’t have the answer yet for that. So in the meantime, we are running experiments on insertion, we’ve done a lot of studies and proximity in terms of insulin delivery incenting. So we’re doing a lot of different stuff but that is the one that I would tell you flat out that we’re still – we’re still working our way to various cycles and there’s not a quick answer to that. But we are – I’m in complete candid [ph] I tell you we’re not there yet. I mean, I can’t sit here and tell you I got a solution that I’m comfortable with yet.
Duane DeSisto: Look, I think from our stand point – from our stand point to kind of reset everything, when we acquire Neighborhood, it was kind of make first by, we know that it is big [ph] addition to the back office. We thought we had the ability – we thought we had the ability by bringing Neighborhood on board, we could leverage – we could leverage our base business. We were aware of that fact that a competitive bidding was coming in. I think we had no idea it was going to come in the way it came in, in terms of the [indiscernible] Medicare. So our view is pretty simple. I mean, the thing has drawn [ph] off a little bit of cash. I think it’s helped us immensely with the back office. And we are talking to the various strips suppliers. If you look at some of the big strips suppliers that are out there that didn’t get this competitive bids, they’re starting to come up with some creative ways to doing business with a lot of these patients. So I’m not going yield your uncle yet [ph]. I would tell you it has been more complicated than we thought. But I think the initial reason that we really drove for this was really, really on this back office which is the key piece to our business for customers in the back office.
Duane DeSisto: It’s a big pharma company. So I want to bank on anything. We continue to push forward and we feel good about our piece of it. But it’s big pharma company with lots of people, lots of business people, lots of lawyers, lots of people, just lots of people that you got to get check off the box.
Duane DeSisto: Yes. And I mean, if we get – if we get to the – if we get to a commercial agreement, yes, we will announce it for sure.
Duane DeSisto: This is Duane. So we’re not making any more old pods, right? We put in the supply for GSK and a couple of these things. And so the reason it’s not 100% is we have to go through the distributors, get to those people and transition them out. And what you will find is that typical diabetes patient always had some extra product. So all we were doing now is working through the distributor. And as Brian pointed out, I mean, we’ve had some people that we would argue that we had put in the – went off product gathered [ph] before you that it popped back up and they’re looking for it. So I think from my standpoint, I mean, we feel good about it. We think we think we have most of them but I can’t sit here and tell you it’s 100%. So we’re close, I mean, we’re pretty close with it.
Duane DeSisto: And that’s the piece. I mean, we work through the distributor with – when we say non-direct, those people that are going through distributors that have particular alliances with healthcare plan, so we work through the distributors, the distributor works with the customers. So some of these people may have been converted [ph], we just haven’t received the feedback yet or like I said, they’re in the process of doing that.
Duane DeSisto: And if we [ph] guess, I mean, the last that I saw it like is probably a year and a half old. So it’s been awhile.
Duane DeSisto: Suraj, and I know this will sound probably you’re going to snicker but honestly, when we sit in the meetings, when I sit in with the sales people, there’s really only one guy we compete with at the doctor’s office that we see head-to-head everywhere and that’s – honestly, that’s Medtronic. I mean, we know the new guys out there and they’re out there running around and they’re going to raise some money and it’s all good. Look, in the end, we really don’t see them as direct competitor. It really is – and I know it sounds a little arrogant and I’m not trying to be, but we just don’t see them, I mean, that’s the fact. We talked about what’s going on. We see MiniMed’s efforts with their new 530G and how they’re trying to spin it, and that’s the stuff we focused on. Maybe three years from now, it will be different, but right now, it’s just not. And like I said, I’m not saying we don’t lose them on some occasion but I don’t have a single sales rep and I got 100 plus of these guys out there sitting there saying, you got to come up with a solution for them. That’s never in the conversation with emails or with the discussions at the moment. It may change over time but not now.
Duane DeSisto: Look, I think when we look at it and I’ll have Brian comment on it, but we’re looking at the real trick for us in this model based on the modeling we do, we start getting the U.S. business, the non-distributor, non-international business. In that 65% margin range, we have the ability to take a third of that, that uptick in margin, grow the sales force in adequate amount that we think can continue to drive this outline and the rest of the money can come to the bottom line. The real trick for us here is over the next couple of quarters, now that we’re through the moving the mountain of trying to transition thousands of people kind of almost overnight, for free [ph], by the way, and is really, the real trick for us is to keep focus on the production of margin and then that’s going to supply everything else. And I’ll let Brian pick it up from there.
Duane DeSisto: I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to updating you on our future call. Have a good evening.
