Brian K. Roberts: Thank you, Duane. Consolidated revenue increased by 21% year-over-year to $69.2 million from $57.4 million last year. As Duane mentioned typically the first quarter is our slowest of the year as patient deductibles reset and many new customers from the fourth quarter delay their initial training. Additionally, our first quarter results include a reduction of over $4 million in Neighborhood Diabetes testing supply revenue compared to the first quarter of last year related to the impact of Medicare competitive biddings which took effect on July 1. Adjusting for the impact of competitive bidding year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter would have been near 30%. Driven by higher than expected international revenue in the quarter OmniPod revenue surged over 35% compared with the first quarter of 2013. Gross profit increased by 30% in the first quarter to $32.8 million, as compared to gross profit of $25.2 million in the first quarter of last year. Gross margins increased by about 350 basis points, 47% in the first quarter, compared to the prior year. Subsequently – sequentially gross margins remained relatively flat as a result of lower margin international revenue, the absorption of remaining costs associated with the transition of the customer base and higher than planned scrap which offset the savings achieved on the Pod. The cost for OmniPod will continue to decrease and we remain confident that we will achieve the U.S based margins in the low to mid 60’s in the coming quarters. We expect consolidated gross margin to reach 50% in Q2 as well. Operating expenses increased by $3.3 million or 11% year-over-year to $34.7million in the first quarter from $31.4 million in the first quarter of 2013. This increase is primarily a result of increased stock-based compensation expense. As we noted in our Q4 call, we expect operating expenses in the range of $36 million to $38 million per quarter for Q2 through Q4, the selecting the investment team to the sales and marketing functions. Operating loss was $1.9 million in the first quarter of 2014, compared to $6.2 million in the prior year, an improvement of $4.3 million or approximately 70%. Excluding non cash expenses such as depreciation amortization and stock based compensation we generated an operating profit of $5.5 million in the quarter. We anticipate returning to operating profitability in the second quarter as revenues increased and gross margins improved. Interest and other expenses $4.2 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $4.3 million in the first quarter of 2013, approximately $2.85 million of this expense is non-cash. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2014 was $6.1 million or $0.11 per share as compared to a net loss of $10.7 million or $0.20 per share for the first quarter of last year. Our cash and cash equivalents balance was $145.6 million at March 31 compared to $149.7 million at December 31. Our net spend was approximately $4 million in the first quarter, mainly as a result of timing of accounts receivable, inventory and the payout of employee bonuses in March. As of March 31, we had approximately 55.3 million common shares outstanding. As Duane noted, we’re pleased with our performance in the first quarter and have high hopes for the remainder of the year will bring. We remain confident, especially in light of the number of new healthcare practices added to the prescribing base as well as with the addition of 20 new sales resources you will see new patient starts grow 25% year-over-year. New shipments are up over 40% in the second quarter as compared to Q1. Further the operating team’s hard work to reduce the bill of materials and improve efficiencies is paying off in a more cost effective PODD. Consolidated gross margin should reach 50% and the U.S. margin should surpass 60% in the second quarter. Finally, we expect our international business to remain strong in the second quarter and throughout the year. Taking all of this into consideration, we expect second quarter revenues to be in the range of $70 million to $74 million and we remain unchanged with our full year expectations of $295 million to $315 million. As always, our highest degree of confidence is to the midpoint of these guidance ranges. And with that let me turn the call back over to Duane.
Brian K. Roberts: Yes, sure. So again I think there is a couple of contributing factors to overall gross margin Q1. The two being is the mix with international because certainly international is at a much lower gross margin for us, but frankly most of that gross margin turns right in the operating margin. So it still remains most profitable piece of our business today. And second as you talked neighborhood diabetes has experienced some, I’d say some pricing erosion around testing supplies as contracts start to renew. Certainly nowhere near as dramatic as what we saw with competitive bidding, but there is, on the edge, there is certainly been a few margin points that have escaped there. I think from a modeling side going forward, we are looking to be 50% plus here in the second quarter. And then I would expect that we can add a couple of 100 basis points call it 200 to 300 basis points per quarter in the back half of the year each quarter, so that would get us somewhere around a 54 or 55 consolidated by the end of 2014.Danielle J. Antalffy – Leerink Partners LLC:  Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Brian K. Roberts: No, I think – I guess that we kind of tested this. If you remember our comments last year, we kind of tested it in two accounts. We really think it’s kind of key to where we want to go and the only reason we didn’t do this earlier is we just want to make sure that the production side of the business was stabilized. So we feel good about it. We’ll see here over the next probably this – a little bit this quarter and then third quarter should be really kind of the thing where we can get a pretty good benchmark and how this is all going to work for us. But we’re pretty excited about what we’ve seen so far.Robbie J. Marcus – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Brian K. Roberts: I wouldn’t say anything went wrong to say, I think it’s just kind of normal course of running the lines and ultimately, as you go through the process there are few components where, a product would come in and maybe it was a little bit more on the edge of a tolerance or so, and we saw a higher output of scrap than we were hoping to see and that’s now allowed us to kind of revise the tolerance a little bit with the supplier, but there’s some costs that you have to eat as part of that. I think there’s a piece of it that goes to the fact of we did experience the Chinese New Year effect, if you will, which is a lot of people leave and then you have a new group of folks that come in and have to be trained and while Flextronics did I think a nice job of trying to get ahead of that, there’s always a training component that tends to lead to a little bit more incremental scrap, as well as those lines kind of restart themselves, but I wouldn’t point to anything specific, saying that anything went wrong in the quarter. To achieve, $2.6 million pods that actually adds a lot of rate.Ben C. Andrew – William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure, sure. And then, Brian, what was the third thing that you mentioned? There was scrap, there was kind of carrying some of the transition of existing patients, and then another gross margin, and I missed that one as you were discussing it.
Brian K. Roberts: I think, the real plus for us, I hope this year we get this thing filed in the back half of the year and then we’ll go down the whole regulatory response thing. So we’ll wait and see. I have tried, if you remember the AROs pod was around the corner for two years. So I thought that I will never go down that path again. So we can tell you the piece under our control and then we’ll see what the agency has to say.Ben C. Andrew – William Blair & Co. LLC:  Fair enough. Thank you much. 
Brian K. Roberts: Except for the free part. But most likely what we will do is, new customers will ultimately transition directly to the new product, to the LifeScan Verio PDM and these customers, existing customers who wish to get that PDM, I’m sure will have some kind of an upgraded path for those customers, very similar to what we did back probably about five years ago or four years ago when we moved from the PDM 100 to at the time what was the PDM 200.Jayson T. Bedford – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Brian K. Roberts: Not necessarily all in the first quarter, but, I mean, certainly since these new doctors have come on. So, it includes new doctors who started a new patient in the first quarter. So we’re kind of penalizing ourselves a little bit there in the sense of those doctors won’t necessarily add their second patient in the same first period, but 35% plus of our prescribing base that are new doctors, over 70% of them so far have now placed additional orders since their initial.
Brian K. Roberts: I can’t tell you definitively that every single doctor will prescribe again, but some of whole I think again the feedback across the country, across the commercial teams, across the prescriber base has been extremely positive. So we think the trends are in the right direction.
Brian K. Roberts: Yes and keep in mind that today somewhere between and again it’s modest, but 3% to 5% of our overall patient population are Type 2s. So, Type 2s can get approve on insulin pumping whatever drug they’re using inform of insulin we don’t have visibility too. But we just follow the same process that we do with Type 1s. And typically, what you see is there is some additional paper work requirements that we have to go through, but on the whole people are getting approved.
Duane DeSisto: Thanks Brian. In summary, our tubeless insulin pump gives our customers the freedom, discretion and lifestyle they want by providing them with the best-in-class therapy. Our 2014 focus is primarily on growing our existing business with our current product offering. While execution commercially and operationally this year key to our success, we are also continuing to develop the next-generation of products across type 1, type 2 and other drug delivery. We remain committed to innovation and development and our future enhancements, product offerings, and entry into additional therapies will allow us to maintain our competitive advantage over anyone in the patch pump space. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Duane DeSisto: So, Bill, this is Duane. I would tell you that we’ll put the FDA comments into two buckets. The handheld bucket, I would tell you, in terms of our actual handheld. Those comments are pretty straightforward. We’re ready to turn those. There seems to be some new guidance in what’s required for a strip and LifeScan is now starting to wrestle with those. So we’re waiting to hear from them on when they think they can turn the document. I would tell you, as we sit here today, we’re ready on the hand-held side. There was no surprises for us, but there does seem to be a renewed interest at the FDA in terms of –there’s some draft guidance out there that I think that LifeScan is going to be held accountable to. So we’re waiting for them, but its all strip based, I would tell you is the issue. So, I don’t have a good answer for you, but we’ll know a little more here. I think there’s a meeting at the end of this week or the beginning of next week to try to wrestle that to the ground.Bill J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.:  Great, thank you. I appreciate you taking the question.
Duane DeSisto: Yes. That’s an excellent observation because the answer, you’re spot on. And we knew with the old generation products that there were areas, there were bastions of doctors or institutions that given our insulin onboard calculation, given the size of the path, but we knew there were places that we weren’t going to be able to penetrate until we came out of the next generation product. And so as a result of that those were the first guys we immediately went back to with the next generation product. So you remember all the reasons you gave us, you wouldn’t let us in the door. Well, look what we have. So it’s I would tell you the – from day one, I always thought our product was the perfect product for any kind of active child, define that whatever age you want. My wife would define I’m an active child, so that’s 50 something and below, but I think it’s the perfect product of that and when we shrunk the size and changed the insulin on board calculation, I mean a lot of these guys flung open the door and I am very excited about where the business has come up from. If you kind of think about this long-term, if you’re taking a 13 years to 18 years old and your introduction to insulin pumping, it’s our product you never going on one with a tube? You’re just never going to do and you’ll whatever you can not to go on the shots, so we got the right audience, we got the right people, I think we have a lot of the right doctors. So that’s the mix. And I would tell you we are seeing the same thing internationally, I think people spend enough taking notice. Our last step in terms of the AROs product is we are diligently working on our next-generation handheld which I think is going to be pretty cool and pretty surprising once we get that. And then, I think you’ll have – there is no such thing as perfect product, you can always make it better, but I think that combination is going to be really, really exciting. It will be fun to everybody in the market. We feel good about where we are and where we’re going.Thomas J. Gunderson – Piper Jaffray & Co: Got it. Thanks. That’s it for me, guys.
Duane DeSisto: I don’t want to upgrade for free and it was the most painful experience of my life. So we’re never updating anything for free. So you can hear it here, you can write that. As long as I’m here, I’m never doing anything for free, because it hurts too much. I would say I think, once that product is approved then we will just start transitioning new customers and we’ll go from there with it.
Duane DeSisto: Again little earlier on CGM-enabled pod to probably talked about I mean, certainly what’s intriguing about the space is because – and I think what makes us very unique in it is because we have so much of a commonality of components, if you will, between what makes up a CGM center and what makes up our pod. There is an awful lot of leverage to be gained by effectively integrating that center directly into the product, insertion, battery power, the ASIC all of these different pieces. I think it’s unique to us in trying to be able to put these two devices together which allows us a kind of gross margin leverage play. If you look at reimbursement of the two products individually today, the average probably is somewhere in the neighborhood of $9 to $10 per day of revenue. If you look that over a three day period you are talking about somewhere between $54 to $60 of revenue. And we’ve commented it historically that you think we could add the center into the pods for – call it somewhere probably in the dollar range or so, which would allow us to be a mid-teen price pod by that point with a higher revenue potential. Specifically, around the other drug delivery product, we talked about one of the benefits – in general of that space, is that we think we can leverage and awful lot of what we do on diabetes products and therefore again be able to keep the cost basically the same with where we are – little bit of increase but not a lot and be able to charge a higher revenue number for that hopefully on average somewhere in the 2X plus kind of a range. So the other big benefit there is no a lot of operating expenses. So the majority of that margin should ultimately fall to the bottom line.Anthony C. Petrone – Jefferies LLC: Helpful. And the last one for me is just a little bit more detail on Amgen and the supply agreement there. Is Insulet exclusive in those specific drug categories that you mentioned, so for instance in oncology, or can you sign with another pharmaceutical partner, whether it’s in oncology or another drug category? Thanks again.
Duane DeSisto: Yes, can’t see the pretty wide categories so there is exclusivity but it’s pretty narrowing upon. So we see a plenty of opportunities there.Anthony C. Petrone – Jefferies LLC: Great.
Duane DeSisto: Far be it for me to speak – this is Duane, far be it for me speak from the Lily perspective, I think today U-500 is approved today, the OmniPod is approved, and if a doctor writes for Type 2, the hurdle rate in terms of requirements that a carrier may want to see is greater, but they do reimburse for it. So, I don’t think there is, I don’t know if we’re going to need any code. I don’t think so because, like I said, we know for a fact that both products are approved and from a carrier’s standpoint if there’s a need they will approve
Duane DeSisto: Okay, I guess this is Duane. I would say, I think there is for us, there is one major competitor in space. And we all know who that is and the competition occurs in mine shares at doctor’s office. At a customer level, I’ll use the old analogy, we’re selling a motorcycle, everyone else is selling a car, if you like a motorcycle, we get the business. If you want a car, there’s two or three guys selling the car. So like I said, our focus is on the big guy.
Duane DeSisto: Thank you everyone for joining us on first quarter call and we look forward to updating you in Q2. Have a good night.
