Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Wayde. On behalf of our entire team at Insulet, I want to reiterate how pleased we are with the strong momentum of our company. 2019 has been a year of execution and it is clearer than ever that we have the right team and strategy in place to deliver on our commitments to customers, the broader diabetes community and to our shareholders. And now, I’ll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A. Operator.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, I think that’s right. It’s early days. If you think about it, we’re three quarters into a strategy that took three years to develop and design and we’ll be deploying for many years. So it’s just a changing situation. The channel is growing rapidly and so price is changing as we bring on new payers, et cetera.
Shacey Petrovic: It was another record quarter in terms of new patient starts. So we’re not really giving that color. I think if you think about what drove revenue, the reason we moved to volume and gave you that kind of highlight around volume and mix is that it’s just the primary driver behind revenue. As we move into the pharmacy, so now we’ve got 20% of our U.S. base and 50% of our new patient starts, we start to lose a little bit of visibility to the customer base, not to new patient starts as much but to the whole customer base. You can imagine we’re just sort of becoming more like a pharmaceutical company where we’ve got visibility to prescriptions as opposed to customers and even that is a little bit delayed. So I hate to sort of – I’m not avoiding the question, but really we just have limited visibility. We think that’s the right tradeoff because the pharmacy channel is such a better customer experience and it’s a more efficient channel for us.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. I think it’s a great question. What’s exciting to me is some of the feedback that we’re getting from physicians in terms of prescribing Omnipod earlier in the treatment pathway and for physicians that they might not have otherwise. And the reason why that’s happening is number one, all the things that we know about the pay-as-you-go model, the fact that we’ve reduced the commitment upfront and the lock-in period, those are really disruptive and really transformative for how clinicians can think about Pod therapy for their customers. And I think the other thing that we’re trying to give color around is just the increasing use among people living with Type 2 insulin-dependent diabetes. So we know we’re in a strong coverage position in the pharmacy for that population. And then as we work to establish more and more Medicare coverage, that’s also really important to unlocking the Type 2 insulin-requiring patients, because we know that 60% of people living with Type 2 are over – sorry, 40% are over the age of 60. So there’s a large contingent of people living with Type 2 diabetes that are covered by Medicare. So the work that we’re doing to establish Medicare access in the pharmacy is really helping to unlock that huge opportunity and huge unmet need.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. I think we remain really focused on our target segment which we view as the multiple daily injection user. If you think about why that is, it’s really because it’s the vast majority of the opportunity even among Type 1 still 60% to 65% of the – most of the opportunity is multiple daily injections and it’s 95% or more of the Type 2 population, the 2.5 million to 3 million people living in the United States. So it really is the larger opportunity and where we’re focused. Nothing has changed in terms of our trends. We continue to see 75% to 80% of our new users come from that segment. And of course that means we still get 20% to 25% of our new users from pump transitions, it’s just less of a focus for us.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, David, it’s a good question, something we’re working on today in terms of our launch plans and preparation. And so of course anything of that magnitude could offer some distraction. But I’ll tell you that the team is doing all of the right things, even thinking about market access and how do we leverage all of the market access that we built in the pharmacy channel for Horizon so that we can have rapid and broad access across the channel. So I think we’re doing the right things to try to minimize distraction and be able to bring that product to market as quickly and successfully as we can, because we know people are waiting for it.
Shacey Petrovic: Really to both. So it’s referring to the pharmacy as a really good channel for the Type 2 insulin-dependent patient.
Shacey Petrovic: We pointed out the benefit of mix and now we talk a little bit to the premium on the Pod, so I would draw you to that. And it’s the other reason why we’re really giving you the color around volume. Because if you think about it, we’re just becoming a bit more like a pharmaceutical company in terms of the visibility and now we’ve got 20% of our total base going through the pharmacy more than that actually and 50% of our new patient customers. And so we’re pointing you to volume. And then also with the benefit of mix in the pharmacy as one of the primary drivers behind revenue. We lose a little visibility as we move into the pharmacy, especially as you get out from the wholesalers to retail pharmacies and specialty pharmacies. That’s the right tradeoff for sure because we know it’s a much better customer experience and a better channel for Insulet, but it is the reality of where we are today.
Shacey Petrovic: We have not. As you might remember, we have been watching that pretty carefully and of course as I mentioned, we do lose some visibility in the pharmacy. But what we can estimate, we haven’t seen a change in attrition.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, Danielle. And I think Wayde really covered this well. We saw strength across every channel in the U.S. and that includes pharmacy, DME and direct. But we are a bit sort of cautious about that because long term we do expect that the DME and to a lesser degree the direct business will soften as we move more of this business into the pharmacy. So Q3, amazing quarter for us. Everything was strong maybe to a greater degree than we expected it to be in the DME channel. As we look forward, we expect that to soften a bit.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. The response has been terrific and I think that’s evidenced in the broad access that we’ve established in such a short period of time. If you think about it, we've really just been at it for a few quarters. And we've got more than 50% coverage established now in the U.S. for DASH, primarily in the pharmacy channel. So that is a testament to how well-received this risk sharing model is and how novel it is for the market. And I think we see the benefit in how rapidly payers are establishing access, and then also obviously in the record setting new patient start quarters that we’ve had over the last three quarters. One interesting dynamic that I’ll point out, it might not be exactly what you’re looking for Mathew, but is around Medicare and other contracting. So if you think about it, we now have more than 50% of covered lives established and we talked about this premium on the Pod that was a little bit higher than expected this quarter. And a lot of that could be driven also by pricing for payers, particularly on the Medicare side, where we haven’t established contracts yet, but we’re having a lot of success with the appeals process or with the exception process. So as we establish coverage with these payers, that will actually act as a little bit of a headwind. As we look to Q4 and beyond into 2020, as we establish more access, we would expect that price point to come down, especially if we’re pursuing preferred positions on those payers. But by and large, the discussions have been very productive. We feel really good about having a strong foundation for DASH and one that will be leverageable for Horizon as we look to 2020 and beyond.
Shacey Petrovic: We want the vast majority of our business to be going through the pharmacy. I think there is some benefit – actually I should take that back. We want the vast majority of our business to be pay-as-you-go. We believe that that is the best thing for payers and the best thing for patients. And we see great attractiveness in the pharmacy channel. So I would hope that the vast majority of that would be through the pharmacy channel. But there’s a benefit in having some of the business serve direct and DME as well, but we do see the best patient experience in the pharmacy channel.
Shacey Petrovic: Great questions, Jeff. I'll start with the MDI question. It’s very challenging to get good data on this, but we do believe that it's increasing. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, every quarter this year, we have had a record number of new starts, the vast majority of those being multiple daily injection users adopt Omnipod. So we do believe we are seeing accelerating momentum there. And that's thanks to this investment in the pay-as-you-go model and in such a simple, easy-to-use device that is DASH. And then the other question was regarding Type 2, and I gave a little bit of color in my opening remarks here. Again, this is something we're watching very closely. We have designed messaging and education for clinicians and patients on the benefits of DASH and Omnipod for the Type 2 user, and we are starting to see traction there. So we'll call it out as we get more and more of a trend, but this is the second quarter in a row where we have had a marked increase in the number of new users through the pharmacy that have Type 2 versus Type 1. So it does seem like our early efforts around education and awareness are working in this population.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. I want to just clarify. In my opening remarks and in some of these questions that we've covered already, it's really Medicare that has become a growing population for us. And we call that out because we've always been a market leader and incredibly strong in pediatrics. And as we have started to establish access among Medicare, it's really starting to change the complexion of our – particularly, our new patient starts where we're seeing more from Medicare and older populations, as well as more in Type 2, and Medicare coverage is really helping to drive that. And when I talk about there being a bit of a premium on Medicare, right now that's because we're taking advantage of very successfully the exception and appeals process. And as we establish coverage, we would not expect to retain that premium as we get coverage with these Medicare payers. In terms of Medicaid, we continue to see that ticked up, but I wouldn't say it's – I would not say that it is one, a premium price population, and I would not say that it's a outsized portion of our new patient starts like we see with Medicare.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, Brandon. Those are great questions. And we have challenged our teams across our different international geographies to determine whether or not we can bring value to people living with diabetes and to governments that are paying for these technologies through our business model, and pay-as-you-go. We've had some success with that, particularly I think of an example in Canada, for example. But we're still in the early days of understanding. You probably know that in many of these international geographies with single payer national healthcare systems that there's pretty established routes and it can be a pretty significant task to try to change pathways. But it's something that we're exploring, both for the existing markets, as well as for new market entries where we may be able to really bring value through this risk-sharing agreement to these markets.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Kyle. So I’ll start with Type 2. Really this has been I think an eye-opening experience for us because we had really thought maybe we were limited in this and our ability to serve this population. And what we're seeing is, because Omnipod reduces the total daily dose of insulin and because DASH has taken ease-of-use – DASH and pharmacies have taken ease-of-use and access to new levels that we have a stronger right to win in this population than maybe we had previously predicted. I wouldn’t say we see notable differences in terms of utilization or requirements from our clinical team. Typically, these patients are being seen by an endocrinologist and so it’s the same call point and the same process in terms of training and implementation for the Type 2 population that requires insulin as it is to Type 1 today. But it’s early days really. This is two quarters in. So we're watching it very closely. And as we – we certainly want to provide the same level of market leading support for these patients. And so if that requires a different type of investment or approach, we will react accordingly. And then the second question was on interoperability and other sensors. We always design DASH which is our interoperable pumps that will be the basis of the submission for Horizon to be interoperable. It's why we went to the phone, because Dexcom is already on the phone with their app, and so is Libre. We don’t have anything to announce right now. We are incredibly excited about our partnership with Dexcom on Horizon. But I will say we see a great experience in Europe where there's a lot of overlap between Libre and Omnipod users as well. So we're focused on Horizon and we see great opportunity for interoperability with DASH and Horizon.
Shacey Petrovic: The only thing I’ll add, and Wayde’s right. As the channel grows, we would expect for inventory to grow to support that, but the pharmacy is proving to be a very efficient channel. So the inventory turns very quickly and it gets distributed very quickly. So it’s something we’re keeping a close eye on and we will give as much color as we feel is necessary to make sure you guys have a good handle on what’s going on in the business.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Thanks, Matt. The first question on international markets, it’s a little challenging to answer because if you think about our international markets or Europe, when we refer to Europe, Europe has actually a dozen different business models, different reimbursement schemes and different access availabilities for the technology. So I would say that the percentage of, for example, Type 1 and Type 2 varies dramatically across the market depending on the access restrictions. But by and large, in these national healthcare systems, there is less access for Type 2 that will take some market development work over the long term to unlock that population, but fairly good and established access for people living with Type 1 diabetes. And certainly what we see across every international market that we’re in today is that we have a differentiated technology that is patient preferred and growing pretty dramatically across these markets and that’s evidenced by the performance this year and what we expect for Q4. And I think --
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. And so as we give a little bit of color, I wouldn’t expect us to add material revenue in 2021. We’re not going to list out the markets, but really talking about a handful of markets in 2020. We’ve got a lot of work to do in 2020 to convert our markets to DASH and then to start to think about new markets to enter into. And I’m really excited about the opportunity. But right now, we want to make sure that we enter these markets in the right way. When we make a commitment to a market, we’re making a commitment for the rest of a patient’s life. And so we’re being really thoughtful about the markets that we select. I would expect that those will be the first tranche. In 2020 will be in Europe and potentially the Middle East.
Shacey Petrovic: I appreciate the question. I feel great actually about the timeline. We’ve got a terrific team developing this and Dr. Trang Ly leading it, who is arguably one of the world’s experts in artificial pancreas research and development. We also I think really benefit from some great regulatory tailwinds. Remember, we’ve got an iCGM that is already cleared. We’ve got an ACE pump that is already cleared. And what we’re working on is the algorithm clearance and the system clearance. So we’ve got a lot of tailwinds behind us and we also benefit from the breakthrough devices program. And just to give a little color there, I think this last pre-sub with the agency is the seventh one we’ve had this year. So the level of collaboration and support on behalf of the agency has just been fantastic. So if you think about the timeline, we feel like we’re in really good shape. This trial will take approximately three months and then we’ll move into compilation and submission and we feel confident that we’ll be on the market in the second half of next year.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, everyone. Just a few weeks ago, Insulet was awarded the 2019 Massachusetts Economic Impact Award, the result of substantial investment and job creation we have made in Central Massachusetts. This award has been presented since 2003 to honor companies that have made a significant impact on the Massachusetts economy. And just last week, Insulet UK was awarded the Medical Device Company of the Year by Diabetes Professional Care Association, which celebrates standards of excellence, quality and positive outcomes led by companies working in the diabetes community. I want to congratulate our entire team for taking home these goals, a great recognition of everybody’s terrific execution and our deep commitment to our mission. We are just so proud to be making such a positive impact in our local communities and to be making a positive impact on people with diabetes across the globe. Thanks and have a great evening.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. So regarding the transition here, there’s really two major components. So as we think about it, the headwind from the no charge PDMs is actually less than we expected even though we are seeing the headwind as we transition to our pay-as-you-go model, we’re selling more PDMs in our legacy DME and direct businesses as those businesses continue to perform pretty well and continue to grow. The other side of it is the premium that we’re getting on our new DASH product as well as in the pay-as-you-go model in the pharmacy. And so our original estimates given that it was such a new channel, we were conservative and I think now we’re falling more in the middle of our range where we had run scenarios. But what I have to say is it’s still very early days. And so we are seeing some benefit today, but we’re just a couple of quarters into strategy that has significant change to our business. And so now we’re finding ourselves kind of in the middle of our scenarios. We’re very happy for where we’re performing right now. But having said that, I think we still have long ways to go to see how this plays out.
Wayde McMillan: You bet. Hi, David. So two ways to think about it. We had a very strong Q3. And so we recognized that our guide is a deceleration from Q3, but Q3 was very strong for us. We do have a bit more of a lumpier business given that a majority of our business goes through distributors. And so we did see insight to a stronger Q3 given the distributor order patterns there. So we had a bit of that going on from a deceleration standpoint. But then what I would bring us back to is we believe that the international markets we’re in, given the strong team that we have there and our position in the marketplace that we’re in this high teens, low-20s range. And so that’s right where our guide sits, including the impact of FX. So we do have about a 4% unfavorable impact of FX included in our guidance. So we’re guiding to 16 to 20. If you factor in the 4% unfavorable FX, it puts us at 20% to 24%. So we’re really right where we want to be from an international standpoint, including FX granting that we had a very strong Q3 and it looks like – some of it is deceleration, but again right where we want to be for Q4.
Wayde McMillan: Yes, you bet. And we just talked about international a couple of minutes ago and just to clear that one more time, we do not see any issues in international growth rates. In fact, FX were above the high-teens, low 20s with a guidance of 6 to 20 with the 4% of unfavorable FX in there. So international very strong. And on the U.S., I think it’s great we’re talking about 27% to 28% guidance as a deceleration. We’ve had a great year-to-date and so how we’re thinking about it is great year-to-date, 27% growth, a particularly great Q3 where as Shacey said, we had record new patient starts. And we’re guiding to a very strong Q4 of 25% to 29% with our year-to-date 27% right in that range. In other words, if we perform the way we have year-to-date, we’ll be right in the middle of the range. Even the low end of the range requires very strong new starts and it would be our highest revenue quarter ever. So there’s a couple of things going around seasonality, a couple of notes. One would be as we’re increasing volume and as we said in our prepared remarks, volume through the pharmacy now is at 20%. As that grows, we would expect a headwind from seasonality in Q4 because of the switch from deductibles to co-pay. But again, it’s going to be small and slight and something we’re going to be watching carefully here this Q4. But certainly as we move more and more of our volume into the pharmacy, that will be getting more of a headwind to seasonality year-over-year in Q4, but probably going to be pretty small right now just given the percentage of volume through the pharmacy. The other thing we talked about was monitoring our channel inventory. We have not seen channel inventory being an issue for us yet. There’s basically a no net impact again here in Q3. We did see some inventory start to build in the pharmacy channel. It’s really two stages there; one, into the wholesalers and distributors and the second into stocking in the retail pharmacies. And that work did increase here in the quarter but it was offset by a reduction in our DME inventories. So there was a no net impact on a material basis for our sales this quarter. But looking ahead, we do think it will become an impact as we start to mature and grow and add more wholesalers and distributors to our pharmacy distribution channel. So those two things are something to keep an eye on from a seasonality or a phasing standpoint. But we don’t – we’re looking at a very strong Q4 here both international and in the U.S. And I get that it looks like a deceleration from Q3, but Q3 was an amazing quarter. there’s a little bit of tougher comp in Q4. We had a very strong Q4 last year, but we see a very strong performance here again in Q4.
Wayde McMillan: Hi, Matt. It’s Wayde. I could take that one. So very different channels. First of all, the pharmacy channel is just a couple of quarters old here, very early days. So we’re signing up wholesalers and distributors, it seems like every month, and expanding our logistics channel here and significant investment going into the IT side of things and EDI interfaces and moving from manual to more automated. So a lot of work going on in this area which means that we are learning every day. Having said that, we do have good insights into our wholesaler and distributor partners from a reporting standpoint. What we’re learning is it’s a very efficient channel. And so we’ve got good insights there. As I said earlier, we are seeing that start to build. And then the second stage of that is when our product gets stopped in retail pharmacies. And so that’s also very early days as we get our contracts put in place for the CVSs, the Walgreens and other retail pharmacies in the U.S. And so I think we’ll see inventories start to build more in both of those as that channel matures. And then on the DME side of things, we’re very experienced in this area, have a very good handle on our inventories with our DME partners and manage it along with them. And so we feel confident there as well and understanding those. And we did see those come down somewhat this quarter and it offset the build we saw on the pharmacy. So on a net basis between the two channels, we did not see a channel inventory build this quarter.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So, Matt, you were a bit in and out there, but I think I got the gist of your question around gross margins. And this is one of our most significant investment areas, right. In automated manufacturing here in the U.S., many advantages to that, right. We get the redundancy and it is going to be the single largest contributor to us getting to our long-term 70% plus gross margin targets over time. What it does mean is this investment is going to create a headwind for us and it is here in the second half of '19 as we start to ramp up our first line. And then as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we’re bringing in a second and a third line in 2020. So we will be adding to the headwinds here as we work through 2020. And then the plan is, we’re learning on line one already. We are already making adjustments that we’re learning that we’re implementing on line two and line three. We feel really good about the talented team, the capability that we’re building here. And so we’re going to be able to leverage this capacity. And then what it comes down to is volume. So as we start to scale, we move from putting very inefficient cost of goods sold inventory into inventory and moving it to more efficient cost of goods sold in inventory. So there’ll be an inflection point. We’re not giving guidance for 2020 yet, but you can assume that we’ll be having the majority of our headwind throughout 2020 as we ramp the first line and we bring in our second and third line, and that will position us well for efficiencies over the long term.
