Michael L. Levitz: Thank you, Pat. We continue to make excellent progress and deliver strong growth and I am pleased to walk you through our third quarter financial results and fourth quarter guidance. Our third quarter revenue growth of 24% was at the high end of our guidance range. U.S. Omnipod grew 17% reaching $82 million. International Omnipod grew 55%, totaling $50.2 million and Drug Delivery was $18.9 million down 2%. We once again drove significant gross margin expansion, reaching 67.5% up 700 basis points, exceeding our expectation. The considerable productivity and cost improvements we've realized in our purchasing, manufacturing and supply chain continue to drive this expansion, as well as an incremental benefit of approximately 400 basis points from our successful transition to direct operations in Europe. Our operating expenses totaled $95.1 million, up from $71.6 million. This included spending in Europe, which was in line with our expected annual run rate of $45 million to $50 million and included a non-recurring charge of $12.6 million for severance related benefits due to our announced CEO transition, most of which is non-cash. Operating expenses were favorable to our expectations, due primarily to timing, which we now expect to occur in the fourth quarter. As a result of our significant revenue growth and the gross margin expansion, we successfully made the pivot to profitability, delivering a positive operating margin of 4.5% with operating profit totaling $6.9 million. As Pat noted, we expect to achieve full-year operating profit for the first time in Insulet's history, consistent with our stated objective. We also reached net income for the first time in Insulet's history, and are on a strong trajectory for both growth and profitability on track for our multiyear objectives. We ended the quarter with over $435 million in cash and investments, compared to $566 million at the end of last year, due primarily to capital expenditures, as we invest in U.S. manufacturing and supply chain operations in line with our plants. I will now update you on our fourth quarter and full year 2018 outlook. For the fourth quarter, we expect total company revenue of $159 million to $164 million representing growth of 22% to 26%. This includes U.S. Omnipod of $89.5 million to $91 million, representing growth of 17% to 19%. International Omnipod of $52.5 million to $55 million representing growth of 47% to 54% and Drug Delivery of $17 million to $18 million, down 2% to 7%. For the full year, we have raised our revenue outlook to a range of $558 million to $563 million, representing growth of 20% to 21%. This compares to our previous expectation of $547 million to $562 million. For full year revenue by product line, we expect U.S. Omnipod in the range of $320 million to $321.5 million, representing growth of 18%. This reflects our continued confidence in the growth of our customer base given this year's market access wins and strong commercial momentum overall. We also expect International Omnipod in the range of $169.5 million to $172 million, representing growth of 41% to 44%. For Drug Delivery, we expect revenue of $68.5 million to $69.5 million, representing a decline of 4% to 5%. Moving down the P&L, we now expect the 2018 full year gross margin will be 65% to 66%, a year-over-year increase of between 500 basis points and 600 basis points. We are thrilled with the tremendous progress we have made in margin expansion. And while we expect the ramp of our U.S. manufacturing next year to present a near-term headwind, we are well positioned to achieve our longer term gross margin objective of 70% in 2021. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, we are incredibly excited to deliver operating profitability this year and are reaffirming our expectation of full year 2018 operating margin in the low single-digit percentage range. Our successful pivot to operating profitability, even while investing significantly to continue to drive 20% or higher annual revenue growth is a tremendous milestone for Insulet. In summary, 2018 has been another year of high growth and successful execution for our business. As Pat mentioned, we have accomplished many operational, commercial and financial milestones this year. And at the same time, we remain laser-focused on the future. Given the positive fundamentals and catalysts for growth across our business and our current growth trajectory, we are well positioned to continue delivering significant top line growth and operating income and we are confident in our ability to achieve our 2021 financial target. I will now turn the call over to Shacey.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. No. So there is a termination fee in our agreement with our former distributor, and that fee is not in those numbers. That fee will be determined over the successive 12 months following the takeover that we did on July 1. And that fee will be capitalized as an asset on our balance sheet and will be spread over a number of years. So that fee we do not expect that fee to be material to our P&L in any period.
Michael L. Levitz: So, what we said on the last call is we said that we expect the fourth quarter to be representative of the ongoing run rate of the business, and the guidance that we just gave on this quarter was consistent with what we gave on the last quarter apart from a small foreign currency headwind. In terms of this quarter, we were very pleased that we successfully transitioned the business and had less disruption than we expected could be possible. So, that was very encouraging. And now the disruption is behind us, and we're right on track for a $200 million run rate international business coming out of this year.
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah, David. I would just echo that, there was some timing that moved from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And also there was some mix in the quarter that impacted the numbers. But, no, we were very pleased with the trajectory and as Shacey said, we're trending toward the upper end of the range on the installed base, the business is growing very nicely.
Michael L. Levitz: David, this is Mike. I'll take your first question. So, yes, as we said in our last call, we believe the fourth quarter to be indicative of more of the run rate of the business and given the significant disruption that there was in the second quarter, we really – we knew that we had successfully transitioned the business when we gave our guidance on the last call one month in. But it remained to be seen, how much channel was in the market and so on. We were very pleased to see that our decision in the second quarter to buyback the excess inventory that our foreign distributor had really did mitigate disruption in the market. And so, so yeah, we did do better and finished at the high-end of our guidance in the third quarter and are right on track with the natural business growth into the fourth quarter. One of the things that we did identify as we looked into it is it appeared that the amount of inventory that Insulet had built up that we talked about on our last call, had been built up in the second half of last year and probably after the announcement that we were going direct. And so, that – in the second half of last year and beginning of this year. And so, that created a bit of a tougher comp for us here in the second half of this year, but there really was much less disruption, again, I think the actions that we took are really – made that happen.
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah. This is Mike. I would just add on to Shacey's point on the margin. We feel very comfortable with our 2021 target of 70% gross margins. The largest contributor to that really is the improvement in operations and the successful launch of U.S. manufacturing where we're making great progress, there are other commercial initiatives. Pharmacy is a very good initiative to drive growth in the business. We don't expect that that's going to be a material contributor to margin at this point. We're new in that space, but we don't expect it to be a detriment at all. So we're very excited about that opportunity.
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah, we've had quarter-over-quarter record new patient starts this year, so I would expect that to continue.
Michael L. Levitz: Jason, this is Mike. So, just to be clear what we're saying is that the – it is going to be revenue neutral to the company on an annual basis.
Michael L. Levitz: So, that's what we're saying. So what we were trying to speak today is we think that pharmacy is a tremendous opportunity. It does by offering a no-charge PDM that does present a headwind in the period where you have a new patient start, but we're charging a little bit more for the Pod. And as you spread that across that covers for the loss PDM revenue and we believe it provides a benefit for everybody involved payor, physician, patient and for us.
Michael L. Levitz: And in terms of the cost structure of the company and what we're guiding to, we do expect OpEx to increase. As I said, the reason we were more favorable in the third quarter was really a matter of timing between the third and fourth quarter. So, we do expect OpEx to increase in the fourth quarter. That said, we reiterated our guidance for the operating margin for the year and honestly we're thrilled to be delivering on our commitment to be EBIT positive for the year and now net income positive as well on our trajectory. So, I'm really pleased with that and I think it positions us very well going into 2019.
Michael L. Levitz: Robbie, I'll speak to it because I think it's – Shacey can speak to installed base, but our installed base is growing faster...
Michael L. Levitz: ...than what we expected. So, it really is a matter of mix and it's also a matter of – well, first of all it was timing as I said between Q3 and Q4, but it was also a matter of mix and we're really seeing the start of acceleration of our pay-as-you-go model as we described in the pharmacy. And so what that does is even preceding DASH we've been moving more and more business to the pharmacy and you get less upfront revenue. So we're having record new patient starts, but we're getting less contribution from those in the quarter. And so, we're doing better than we had expected in terms of the actual installed base growth, but the mix of where that growth is coming from, honestly, the pickup in this pay-as-you-go model is faster than what we expected.
Michael L. Levitz: If we didn't have the timing issues, we didn't have the mix, we would've been at the top end or above. So, as – which makes sense given what we've said on the installed base growth. The installed base growth is at the high-end of what we expected. And so, it really is a matter of what I just described.
Michael L. Levitz: Hi. This is Mike. Yes, there will be pressure just purely because of the accounting as you ramp up a plant. And so you have to put your period cost into the P&L and they're just normal ramp up costs. So we do not expect that our gross margin is going to improve on a full year basis in next year than it is at this point. And that's really not because of the ongoing run rate, it's really a matter of the inefficiencies in ramping up the new plant.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. So, we were really pleased this quarter to be able to deliver out of our existing operations over 67% gross margins, which was really unheard of, it's not that long ago. So, that positions us very well for our target of 70% in 2021 and we expect opportunities to expand our gross margins following that. In terms of a particular product launch, it's definitely going to be helpful to not have a PDM cost in the mix, with phone control, but there are a lot of drivers, the U.S. manufacturing is a driver, leverage is a driver. So, there are a number of drivers for the gross margin expansion, and I wouldn't single out any one particular product as being overly meaningful to that.
Michael L. Levitz: So the majority of that was a non-cash charge of acceleration of stock comp. And then the rest of it was a cash severance charge in our normal severance policy. So it was – so I guess arguably the non-cash charge for the stock comp acceleration is somewhat of a pull forward, but – yeah, and it's all contained within the third quarter in G&A.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Thanks Joanne. So we expect Medicaid to continue to ramp in 2019 and less so for Medicare, because as we mentioned on previous calls the negotiation and kind of establishment of coverage happens really between August and October of the previous year for the upcoming year. So we think we're in a great shape in terms of broad coverage because patients can select the Medicare plan that works for them and we've got some great broad-based plans covering it now, so we're in good shape.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. I'll just stay at a high level and Mike can talk about the guidance. But at a high level, we don't see any diminishment of momentum. We had some timing issues in terms of orders in Q3 heading into Q4 but both quarters very strong and consistent momentum with earlier in the year and as we look forward.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And so, in terms of pharmacy David to that question, so we see pharmacy as very attractive, because it's a growth driver in terms of reducing the barriers for people to adopt pump therapy and as I mentioned it's a lower cost channel for us to serve. So, I'm not sure maybe Mike can comment on specific contribution to margin, but I will say as we look to 2019, most of DASH coverage is going to happen in the pharmacy. That's where the team is focused. So, the DASH ramp is commensurate with the pharmacy channel ramp, and that's a lower cost to serve for us, but does present a little bit of a revenue headwind because we won't be charging for the PDM. That removes a significant barrier and in a given year, that's neutral and longer term we believe it will be a nice growth driver and a nice contributor in terms of efficiencies in the organization.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Margaret, that's exactly how we'd look at it. As we look ahead and ramp DASH, it will become a bigger portion of our new patient starts and in that patient population, we will not charge for the PDM. So and I think you're right when we think about coverage, that's where we will focus in terms of new patient starts on DASH and maybe even conversions to DASH. The limiting factor we know patients are responding really with a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for the products that we – the limiting factor is going to be how quickly can we establish coverage for DASH. And what I'm excited about is, we are right where we expected to be if not slightly ahead. We're going to launch with a great established coverage, probably 100 million covered lives, that's a great spot, that's about where we were in 2015 with Omnipod and that will continue to grow as we look forward. So I think, it's – we're in a really good spot and it's going to get better but that is the limiting factor I think for DASH, as we look forward.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, I'll say we feel great about 2019. I think we've got a lot of momentum heading into the year. We are making a change in the business model and moving to pharmacy so that does present some potential headwinds but we don't expect growth to decelerate and so we feel really strong, and we'll give more color obviously on the February call.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well. I'll tell you that. So I appreciate. I think that's exactly how we're thinking about it, Jeff. So we haven't had preference by payors yet, but it is definitely what's driving the step function change in access and why we've been able to establish so much access for DASH in such a short period of time. You think about it, we were just approved in June and now here we are in early November and we've established 85 million covered lives. That's a great position to be in and just a testament to the strength of the model of eliminating the upfront cost and sort of sharing that ongoing risk as the patient goes forward. So, we're going to look to continue to build on that value proposition with payors as we look to the future. But I think it's – to me it's working just given where we are today with covered lives.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: So it'll go Pod to phone and you can take the DASH handheld out of the equation. And that's what Pat was referring to in his opening remarks that nobody can really quite match this value proposition because we really are going to eliminate a device that the patient is carrying around and really only Omnipod is positioned to do that super well. So we are thrilled with that configuration. We know it's going to be a winner and working very hard to get it out there as quickly as possible. And Jeff, I completely blanked on your first question. Oh, iPump. Yeah, so we're not really...
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: ...iPump. Yeah. So we're not really telegraphing our regulatory strategy. However, we do see that the system today, DASH is an interoperable system. And so, we fully expect to take advantage of all regulatory pathways for both HORIZON and – and then of course Tidepool as well.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: We're working as fast as we can to get phone control in and so, we're lucky to be able to include it into the HORIZON program. But I think 20 – second half of 2020 is when it's coming.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I'll take that one, Robbie. I guess I'll make the point that I always make, which is we're not really competing directly with Tandem or Medtronic and their innovation that has occurred to date has certainly not slowed us down. I think as everyone has mentioned this has been another record quarter for us despite innovation in the marketplace. And it's a really large fast growing market with significant unmet need. And I've never really believed that anybody has to lose for us to win. We're focused on – in the United States, 1 million MDI users and in this segment we just know Omnipod is incredibly attractive and it's a preferred product. So, certainly the market's going to get more dynamic, it has over the last few years and we're growing just fine and excited to continue that trend.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: So, Danielle, you are very well researched but a slight mistake. So we did get CE Mark for DASH actually or – yes, CE mark for DASH in Europe. So we are still just – in fact we haven't even publicized that because we're still working through our launch plans and we do have some work to do in translations, et cetera. So that's what that was. We are still working with Lilly to get U-500 over the finish line in terms of the submission there and making good progress on U-200. So I think, obviously we are still focused on the insulin intensive type 2 patient and concentrated insulins can help us address that patient segment. But actually what we're seeing which is to me really interesting is that DASH is testing extraordinarily well with that segment. It's actually a pretty fast growing segment of our user base in the United States. And phone control might be arguably just as if not more meaningful in terms of unlocking the type 2 population. So we feel really good even while we wait for concentrated insulins and Lilly to get done, we feel really good about our ability to unlock growth in the type 2 population.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. I think the real challenge that we have in terms of understanding what is making an impact on attrition. We've got good visibility to attrition of new patient starts, but as the base grows and more customers go through various different channels we have less visibility. The great thing that DASH will give us is visibility to what's happening in those patient groups. And then a better assessment of what we can do to move the needle on attrition. But the great news is patient retention is very solid, has not moved, we're in really good shape there. But I do think DASH presents an opportunity as we look over the next few years.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: It's right. Its right, except for – just want to, I guess, moderate the value because what we're also seeing is patients that are going to be migrating over who we wouldn't normally have sold a PDM too. So when we think about it being revenue neutral in a year, we're thinking about all of that activity being revenue neutral for Insulet in a given year. So I don't want you to go attach too high of a premium to pricing in the pharmacy.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I think, I guess the short answer is, we don't expect Drug Delivery to be any more of a headwind in 2019 as it is in 2018. It's just becoming sort of a smaller part of our business and so and because of the rapid growth on the diabetes side, it just becomes a little less meaningful.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: You're welcome. I don't really want to comment on specifics because it is technically Tidepool's program and so I'll let them do that as they make progress. The reason why we predict it could be potentially an accelerated pathway, and that's just a potential, is that the Loop product is an existing product that's being used by a few thousand people. So, it's already gathering data. They may have faster pathways to actually use real world data to support their approval and the product is also already a working product and so those things potentially offer some acceleration.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, J. P. Ultimately our goal was to establish broad Medicare access and so while we may have gone about it in a slightly different way, we now have broad Medicare access. And I think what maybe, just to give some context around that, I think there's always this natural tension between maintaining price integrity and expanding market access. And so because we had seen just really good success with the exception process and because we know that Omnipod users each year can select a plan that provides them the best coverage, we opted not to compromise more on price than we thought absolutely necessary. So actually on balance we are extremely pleased with where we landed. I wouldn't expect actually coverage to ramp materially in 2019, but we don't believe we're going to be materially limited for Omnipod users – Medicare beneficiaries to adopt Omnipod. So that's kind of where we landed and we actually are really – I think the team did a really smart job executing the strategy and we're in a really good spot.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Actually just to clarify that. So right now, every year a user signs up for a new Medicare plan. So the first thing that a user can do is just go select a plan that covers Omnipod and that's probably the first avenue, if for some reason they don't want to do that they can pursue the exception process.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. So we opted to do IDE four to get really just more real world data under kind of real world conditions across all ages with specific challenges like exercise, like large meals or skipped meals. So that's really the goal there. And then because we had that time, we are pursuing phone control. So and then we will – for phone control specifically we'll have human factors requirements. But IDE four is about 20 to 30 people, looking specifically at those real world kind of more challenging scenarios.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. And I think that that's the benefit of interoperability and frankly the benefit of our DASH platform is that we can be interoperable with multiple algorithms and multiple sensors. So TypeZero is certainly a great possibility for that. We like Tidepool because it's a community that's already using the system, right. There's about a 1,000 – I guess almost 2,000 people out there that are using a hacked Medtronic pump and a Dexcom sensor and downloading this app. And so we thought it was a great opportunity to be able to work with them to get the Pod studied and cleared in the system that's already being used out there, and because it was iPhone control and it's just a great way to support the DIY community. So that's why we're doing that. It's really – it's a great little program but it is primarily Tidepool's program that we're integrating into.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, Raj. We made the distinct choice to do integration on a user's iPhone, so we don't plan to integrate CGM data on DASH. And we did that because well – mainly because users told us that that's what they wanted, but also because a user can use whatever sensor on their iPhone and kind of see that data. We have a great I think mechanism with Dexcom where we use that today wedged screen so that they can get their data both for their Dexcom and their Omnipod right on their iPhone. And so that's where the integration is taking place as opposed to on the device. And we always had planned to migrate everything to the phone and so that was sort of along with the stuff of secondary display on the iPhone. We wanted to get the CGM data and the Pod data there in one snapshot as well.
