James Hollingshead: Thanks, Larry. Thanks for your congrats, too, and thanks for your question. We're not seeing any kind of pause. The new customer starts for Omnipod 5 and the demand for Omnipod 5 has -- continues to be terrific. We obviously had record starts in the quarter. We see a lot of momentum across all age groups, as we said.  And so we're very bullish on the growth. I know you're asking me a question to guide beyond '23 because you want to ask Wayde that question, but I'm actually going to throw this to Wayde so he can work through the numbers there for the second half.
James Hollingshead: Sure. Thanks, Robbie. I know it's a question of high interest. So as we've said before, we think it's terrific to see the pharmaceutical companies continue to innovate with therapies for people with type 2 diabetes. We get up every day to help people with diabetes, people living with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. So we think it's terrific that innovation is happening across all fronts.  And the GLP-1 class of drug has actually been out for a while, but this latest generation of GLP-1s is clearly having a really big impact and has additional efficacy from the existing class. And obviously, they're off to a start. So we think all that innovation is really good. Having said that, we're confident it doesn't impact our TAM.  And just to give you a couple of reasons why, the first 1 is the global problem with type 2 diabetes is enormous. There are more than 0.5 billion people living with diabetes around the world, and that number continues to grow. Most of them have type 2 diabetes. So it's a massive unmet medical need globally and in the U.S. and massively underserved as a population. So that's the first thing.  The second thing is, when you look at our offerings, even in the U.S. alone, there are 2.5 million people living with type 2 diabetes who also need intensive insulin therapy today. So intensive therapy in basal plus bolus, so that's 2.5 million people in a U.S. TAM whose condition has progressed to where their relevant target market for us to help them with Omnipod DASH and soon with Omnipod 5.  And so we're just scratching the surface of that market. Pump penetration in that market is in the low single digits, maybe the mid-single digits. And the Omnipod platform has a right to win in that market because of its simplicity and its channel access and et cetera.  And the other third thing I'd point to is that we know that GLP-1 class of drugs has long coexisted with insulin. We saw that in our own type 2 feasibility trial, which we published 2 ATTDs ago. A lot of that population that used Omnipod 5 in that trial was already also using. That was an all-comer study in terms of the population.  And many, many of those patients who were using GLP-1s has still got great benefit from the Omnipod 5 in that trial. So we're very confident that we have a huge market of people who need our help with our Omnipod platform and when we get the label of Omnipod 5. And we don't see the GLP-1s changing our TAM.
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Chris. I'll start with that one and then maybe Wayde will provide some color. So we're really excited about the Omnipod 5 launch in the U.K. It's going really well. I'll just share 1 story with you.  There's so much pent-up demand for Omnipod 5 across our European markets and all of our markets. And one of the clinics we work really closely with was -- had so many customers waiting to get on therapy. They actually put up decorations all over their office and put up a disco glitter ball as they brought people in to get set up on therapy. It was a huge celebration.  And as we said in our prepared remarks, our order rate has doubled. So it's off to a great start in the U.K. We're really excited about Germany. As to the percentages, we haven't broken those out. I don't think you'd find them materially different from a lot of medtech markets, but we haven't materially -- we haven't broken out those specific numbers for the markets.  In terms of the growth in the U.S. versus the growth in European markets, every market is a little bit different. One of the reasons, maybe the main reason we had such an effect on anticipated growth with Omnipod 5 in the U.S., it was all of the customer sources in the U.S. were at the high end or above the high end of our expectations, and that's because of the pharmacy channel. So in most of the European markets, customers who are on a therapy are locked into a contract. And in the U.S., if you're locked into a contract with your tubed pump, you can cross over into a pharmacy benefit. And so that's what -- that's in the U.S., what's allowed us to have so many competitive conversions in our new customer starts.  In the European markets, it's a little different everywhere, but it's less flexible for patients who are on a therapy. So they have to typically wait for their contract to come up. So therefore, most of our new customer starts are customers who are new to therapy and were getting some upgrades from our own products.  And then we'll be bringing in new customer starts who are converting, but they're converting in that whatever the annual cycle is, whether it's a 4-year cycle, in some markets, it's a 5-year cycle. So when they come available, they're really relevant targets for us to move off of competitive pumps. But that just changes. It changes the dynamic of the flow.
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Joanne. We're really excited about all 3 of those programs. And as you know, as we said in the prepared remarks and we said at ADA, the iOS app is filed with the FDA. And so we're waiting clearance there and then we'll be prepping for launch as soon as we can, as soon as we practically can. So really excited about that, very requested feature. It's interesting. On that one, specifically, there are a lot of customers out there in Omnipod 5 who have made the decision to not pull back. And so when I talk to physicians when I'm out in the field, there's a lot of patients who are carrying their controller and their phone. They just -- they want to not have to carry both. And so that's a big requested feature.  Having said that, there -- I'm sure there are some people who are waiting for iOS to come on to Omnipod 5. So it's hard for us to estimate what that is, but we do think that will give us a boost, and it'll certainly be a big customer satisfier for us and certainly help us to continue with such great retention rates and customer experience. So we're really bullish on that. With the 2 -- with G7 and with the FreeStyle, with our 2 partners, Abbott and Dexcom and FreeStyle family of sensors, obviously, we're working hard, working really well with both of them, great collaboration with both of them. We want to get on -- we want to get to a sensor of choice just as quickly as we can and the programs are proceeding really, really well.  As you know, we don't forecast timings or talk about that -- talk about timings for those things. But it's obvious we have to be fairly far along with FreeStyle Libre 2 to be embarking on that study we're doing in the U.K. We're very bullish on that. But the partnership with both of them goes really well, and we're working hard to get those to market as quickly as we can.  And we think that both of them provide a boost for us. Obviously, when you think about G7, it's off to a very quick launch and is a good -- a really good customer experience. And when you think about the FreeStyle Libre family of sensors, very, very well positioned, particularly in other geographies. And so we think they provide sustained growth for us, and they provide a great customer experience for us to be able to provide that kind of choice as quickly as we can to our customers.
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Steve. Yes, we're really heartened to see that. I think that there are a number of things driving it. The first one is Omnipod 5 is just so accessible as a product and as an experience. And we're seeing increasing confidence with the writing of prescriptions for Omnipod 5 across the whole range of HCPs.  So you'll see endocrinologists and physicians writing the scripts. You'll see nurse practitioners, physician extenders, physician assistants writing those scripts. So it's very broad. And it's because of the ease of use of Omnipod 5, it's an easy thing to write for. And that's what we're seeing in the expansion of our prescribing population. And I'll tell you, the interest is really robust all across the board.  And so just as an example, our team was just down in Houston over the weekend at the ADCES conference, which is the conference for diabetes educators. And we just had phenomenal interest in the product platforms and in Omnipod 5. All of our workshops and showcases were sort of standing room-only attendance beyond what was like better -- bigger than the room space kind of attendance.  And that just demonstrates the broad reach and the ease of use of the Omnipod 5 product, which is, of course, a huge advantage for us. Because the Pod platform, the product experience is so easy compared to our tubed pump competitors, and that's why we're seeing the expansion of prescribers in the market.
James Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. DTC is a very effective tool for us, and we're really confident that we have a strong return on investment in our DTC program. One thing that I'll just flag is that DTC doesn't just mean TV for us, right? We have a very robust mix of the way we reach out to customers and consumers, and that includes social.  It includes what is called over-the-top or streaming media. It will include more broadcast TV. And it includes influencers. We have a really active campaign with influencers and so on. And we have a really good sense of which levers to pull and so on.  And I'm very confident in what our team is able to produce, and we're getting really good at dialing it up and down based upon the results. And so you'll continue to see us doing DTC campaigns. You might periodically see us ramp up on TV as we feel like we need to, but we have a very broad mix and a very effective approach to it.
James Hollingshead: Within MDI? Yes. If anything, the enthusiasm is even stronger. We're seeing record new customer starts. We're seeing the percentage mix is changing more because of MDI on the top, right? And so I think we're just so well positioned, and we're not -- the momentum for the business is terrific, and Omnipod 5 is just very, very broadly adopted and accepted. I'll give you an example. I was just out in the field last week, and I was in a pediatric clinic sitting with a physician who's been writing for us and for one of our main competitors for a long time. And she said to me, "Listen, Omnipod 5 is so good. But at this point, I'm not writing really for your competitive pump, unless somebody specifically asks for it. And not just that, but everybody I've converted from the competitor pump on Omnipod 5 just does better." And I started to probe around why and the details, so they just do better. They just have better outcomes, they have a better experience. And so I think that's a really good sign for us in terms of how the learning curve of the market. Here, a year in, I think the market has learned a lot about Omnipod 5, how easy to see is what kind of great real-world outcomes it's driving. And we just see a ton of momentum across age groups and across all sources of customers, including MDI.
James Hollingshead: Sure. I'll start on the pilot plan and then I'll let Wayde talk about financial contribution. So we're really bullish on getting that market out in the hands of our pilot physicians and clinics. And the great thing about GO is that it solves a lot of problems for people who are initiating insulin therapy, as we said before. It resolved the needle phobia. It resolves dosing and so on. But it's new to world and it's new for us and it's new for those clinics because some of those clinics are places where we don't necessarily have a very strong call point footprint. And so what we need to do is get it out in the clinics. We need to go out and educate the clinics on the use of GO, which is incredibly simple experience. And we need to kind of test the waters with a couple of things about the dosing SKUs and some other things. So we need to see it in the real world, in the hands of the clinics, in the hands of our reps and make sure we just have -- we have the approach to the selling pitch correct, make sure we understand how to support the clinics that we're going into and so on. And we're giving ourselves time because it's a new-to-world offer and it's a new -- and there's some things about it that are kind of new commercial model for us. And so that's why we're saying we're going to pilot it here in the near term. We're going to learn what we learn, give ourselves some time to adjust and then commercialize in 2024.  And Wayde, if you want to talk about what we're modeling for financial impact.
James Hollingshead: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are incredibly proud of the milestones we've achieved and the progress we've made. And thanks to our disruptive offerings and dedicated team who worked further along than our original expectations and setting our sights higher than ever before. Insulet has come a long way, and we are energized by the enormous market opportunity we are pursuing and the opportunity to drive rapid growth and substantial value for Insulet shareholders while fulfilling our mission to improve the lives of people with diabetes around the world. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress over the year and next quarter. Thank you all for joining, and have a great evening.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Thanks, Jim. And Larry, you're exactly right. We are almost completing 12 months of Omnipod 5, so it's been incredibly exciting to see the ramp here over the first few quarters. And we've got a couple of onetime things to account for.  If you recall, in the second half of 2022, the first 2 quarters of Omnipod 5, we're benefiting from a significant contribution from first customers and converting customers, getting 2 scripts in the quarter. And we called those out. They're similar to the benefit we got this quarter, $16 million. What's different is that we're now seeing some reduction in days on hand inventory as well as some increased return reserves in the pharmacy.  So a lot of dynamics playing out in the first year as we ramp up Omnipod 5. But as you call out, we've got a really strong guide, 30% for Q3 and implied for Q4 in the U.S. at the high end of the range. And so we're really excited about continuing to grow Omnipod 5 here at these [indiscernible] rates.
Wayde McMillan: Okay. Margaret, I can start that one off and just give you a little bit more insight to how we think about the guidance, the first part of your question related to the impact of the guide. Depending on high end or low end, the headwind from the tough comp in last year's Omnipod 5 ramp benefits in Q3 and Q4, between a 5% and 10% headwind to our guidance range. But really, the reason we have confidence in still being at 30% growth at the high end and continuing to grow at these accelerated rates is the result of our durable business model and the annuity factor.  And so we've had record new customer starts for several quarters, which gives us momentum into the second half here. And we're going to continue to build momentum. The high end of our range assumes we'll continue to see record level new customer starts. And given the momentum that we have today, we've got high confidence in doing that. So those are really the major factors.  As we called out in our prepared remarks, we see stable attrition and utilization, so we're assuming that continues at the high end as well. We don't see any major impact to attrition or utilization. A couple of other things to think about in the second half is we've had a good contribution to the premium moving into the pharmacy channel by converting a lot of our existing customers from the DME channel. We'll still continue to get that benefit. That benefit has grown each quarter as we've moved more and more volume into the pharmacy channel.  And again, as we said in our prepared remarks, 90% of our volume is now in the pharmacy channel, so a significant increase from this time last year. So that premium is benefiting us here and will continue to benefit us in the second half, but it will be to a lesser extent because we're starting to reduce the number of converting customers each quarter.  And as you recall, we have planned to be through most of our existing customers converting to Omnipod 5 in the pharmacy channel through the end of this year. We think most of those conversions will be done by the end of '23, and we think that will wane and, to a lesser extent, be a benefit here in the second half.  So those are the major changes when you look at the growth rate. But again, we are a volume business and, by far, the largest contributor to our growth rate is our volume growth, which is based on our customer base growing. And we continue to see that growing with new customer starts throughout the second half of this year again. So strong guide, strong momentum in the business, lots of tailwinds to help us continue here based on our annuity model.
Wayde McMillan: Jeff, happy to talk about guidance a little bit more here and certainly a lot of dynamics moving, and you've called out several of them. So why don't we just touch on them -- each of them again and make sure it's clear. So as we think about the days inventory on hand, and I'm glad you brought that one up, because it is something that we obviously don't have control over the distribution channel. And we are seeing the pharmacy channel be more efficient. And so maybe just to summarize what we've seen to date with Omnipod 5. In Q2 of last year, we saw a $7 million inventory build and so it was a bit of a headwind for us this quarter. And then we saw really stable inventory days. We've estimated pretty stable inventory days up until last quarter when we saw a reduction in days inventory on hand.  And we thought that, that was pretty settled out at that point. But then we again saw days inventory on hand, a few days reduction again this quarter. So we're curious to see if this is where the pharmacy distribution channel settles out, or if they're down a couple of days and we'll see that come back. But we don't factor that into our guidance going forward because we can't predict it. So days inventory in hand from here, we don't know. However, we do see it trending a few days lower than we have seen over the past several quarters. And so there is potential that we could see some of that come back. You mentioned the 2 scripts. Again, this was another dynamic that we were curious to see how it would play out.  As you said, on the growth side of it or the total benefit side of it, we have seen a pretty consistent benefit. But remember, over half of that benefit has been the result of converting Omnipod customers from DASH and our Classic Omnipod on to Omnipod 5. And that is starting to ramp down here in the second half, and we're expecting to be through most of that in 2023. So interesting enough, the last 2 quarters, that benefit has been more than offset by the days inventory in hand reductions as well as some are increase to our returns reserve. And so we haven't really seen it as a total net benefit because those dynamics all basically wash each other out.  So to your point, if we don't see any more increases in return reserves, and we don't expect that we will, and we don't see any changes to days inventory in hand, we would assume we'll continue to see a 2 script benefit moving forward, but to a much lesser extent as we move into 2024. So all those things together, Jeff, we still think that the largest part of our growth, by far, is going to be the new customer start metric.  And at consistent attrition and utilization rates, it really is a volume business. And that's what we would highlight for you and others here is really focused on those new customer starts, the growing customer base and how we accelerate volume from here. And that's what gives us confidence to be even with these pretty strong tough comps in the second half, to be guiding at 30% at the high end of our range.
Wayde McMillan: Yes, Glenn. Sure, happy to start this one, Glenn. So we are through most of the Omnipod Classic exchange to either DASH or Omnipod 5 in the U.S. And so we have announced in the U.S. that our plan is to move our customers and discontinue the product in the U.S. Having said that, we're going to wait and see where we're at by the end of the year to make a final determination there.  Obviously, we're going to take care of all of our Omnipodders, our customers that had been with us for some time. But they've got great options to move to DASH and Omnipod 5. Given the coverage levels that we have in the pharmacy channel now for both DASH and Omnipod 5, it is a lot easier for our former Omnipod Classic customers to move on to DASH.  And so we are not seeing a higher attrition rate. In fact, our early estimates show us that our converting customers are staying with the product and really either Classic to DASH or Classic to Omnipod 5. In both cases, we've seen that at accelerated rates and the attrition has been really strong.
Wayde McMillan: Travis, I wasn't quite tracking with you on which quarter for the 48%. But you may be thinking about the net headwind of $4 million, which just adds a couple of percentage basis points on a normalized basis to this quarter. So it does benefit us. I think that's the direction you're heading is we do get a benefit because of that net headwind this quarter. And I guess if you're adding in the tough comp for the second half, that also benefits us. But maybe what I would focus on out of your question was just the implied guide for Q4. So of course, we don't guide to Q4 at this point. We just do Q3 and Q4.  But in that implied guide, you should be near 30% at the high end of the range. And that's our expectation is that, given the strong momentum in the business here, we have 30% at the high end of the range for Q3 and close to 30% in the range for the implied Q4 as well. Thanks, Travis.
Wayde McMillan: And Jim, I can pick up on the type 2 part of Steve's question as well. As you saw in our reported results here, type 2 making up 20% of our new customer starts, and that's a tick-up from what we've seen in the last 3 quarters. We've been running in at 15% to 20%. And so with a record new customer start quarter, we are still seeing good new customer starts. That is partially driven by DASH. But as you said, HCPs are writing for type 2. We cannot market for type 2 yet. As you know, we do not have the label. And so we don't condone it by any means. And our team is working incredibly hard, as Jim touched on in his prepared remarks, to get our type 2 pivotal trial for Omnipod 5 completed and submit that to the FDA so that we can get on label and start to market type 2 for -- or Omnipod 5 for type 2 patients. And so it is certainly core to our strategy. And a lot of people with diabetes with type 2 that we would like to bring Omnipod 5 to, and we're certainly working as hard as we can to do that.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. It's a great way to look at it, Danielle. And I think you're right. The tailwinds vastly outweigh the headwinds for next year. As we think about the business where we sit today after halfway through 2023, we've had really strong new customer starts for several quarters. So that gives us great momentum into the second half.  I think the answer to your question will lie in the second half. If we continue to see strong new customer starts, record new customer starts in the second half of this year, that will give us great momentum into next year. And then as you teed up there, we have a significant pipeline of new innovations teed up. We haven't given the timing on those, whether they'll be '23 or '24 or even beyond yet.  But as those new innovations start to layer in, and of course, with our annuity model, they don't have an immediate sizable increase but they do start to help us accrue more customers over time. And so we're going to continue to build momentum. On the other side of the coin, obviously, AID competition is really strong for us outside the U.S., on the international side. And so what we provided an update in our prepared remarks today is that as a result of lower new customer starts than we usually had internationally, we've got lower growth rates to contend with there for the next 4 quarters. So that you can see our guide for the second half for international, and that will continue into the first half of '24. But given Omnipod 5 launching internationally, and we're going to add more countries next year, we expect the second half to start to inflect internationally. And so now we've moved into the mid- to low single digits. We think the second half of next year should be approaching that high single digits, low double digits type of range.  And so again, we're not providing specific guidance. But that gives you a feel for what we think is really strong momentum for the U.S. and improving positioning as we'll be able to compete in the AID side of the market internationally better at the end of this year and into next year. And then as that builds into the annuity model, we'll see an inflecting growth rate in the second half of 2024 internationally. So with all that in, again, it's such a dynamic launch here. We know it's going to be strong. We just don't know how strong, and so we can't provide numbers at this point. We'll typically give some color at the end of the Q3 call on what we're seeing going into 2024, and then we'll provide our guidance like we do every year for 2024 at the end of the Q4 call.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So Matt, we would love to know where Omnipod GO is going to go in 2024. We have many financial scenarios internally. But as Jim just said, we're going to take our time. We want to do this right. It's a new-to-world product, and so it's really difficult to know how fast Omnipod GO will ramp. We've obviously got the limited market release. As Jim said this year, we're going to learn a lot there and that's going to help us start to dial in our models for 2024. But I think at this point, I would say really thinking about Omnipod GO as a light contributor to our 2024 growth rates. And let's just give it some time to see how fast it does ramp. And when it starts to become a material contributor, that's when we certainly will start to layer it into our guidance, and we'll talk about more of it from a financial contribution standpoint. But until then, just given the new-to-world concept, we're not going to be communicating financial numbers for it at this time.
Wayde McMillan: You bet, Matt. It's Wayde. I can certainly take that one, and it is something that our teams are working through today. And in fact, we're going to learn a lot through this limited market release. One of the key things or key learnings that we're working on is what is the optimal staging or building of inventory in the channel to support the GO launches. But I think just qualitatively, you're right. Just like with Omnipod 5, we're going to have enough inventory in the channel to serve the customers. And so like we saw in Q2 last year, when we did the limited market release for Omnipod 5, we called out a days inventory-on-hand build for Omnipod 5. Assuming the same plays out for Omnipod GO, we'll let you guys know if there's a material amount of inventory that has to go into the channel to launch with Omnipod GO. But nonetheless, it's an exciting program. The teams internally are really excited to see how the limited market releases go. We're going to learn a lot. There's certainly a very large market, an underserved market that needs better technology. We are the natural owner. We've got many benefits with Omnipod and our auto-injection as well as our fluid mechanics.  And I think the teams have done a really nice job of simplifying the Omnipod for this group of customers. And so we'll see how the limited market releases go. We'll have probably a lot more to say after that as we start to get into more of a full market release in 2024.
