Ana Maria Chadwick: Jeff, I'll start with that. Thanks for the question. You are absolutely correct. There are absolutely a lot of puts and takes, especially in the fourth quarter. The important thing to recall here is that our overall guidance for the year continues to be strong, and I know you're referring here specific to the U.S. with that high end of our guidance at that 21%. So, we raised the volume at 18% up to the 21%. I do want to mention something as we think of 2025, which we are not providing guidance during this call. We'll wait until we wrap-up the fourth quarter. We have a lot of things transpiring here, as Jim mentioned in the second half of the year. G7, we have iOS. We have Libre 2 Plus. We have the international that it's really ramping incredibly nicely and more countries ahead and we have the type 2 label extension. Once we have more clarity into the later part of the year, we'll come back and provide that additional guidance.
Ana Maria Chadwick: Yes. Let me jump into that. So in the first quarter, we had gross margin of 69.5%, and now we have 67.7%. So that gets us shy of the 69%. And in the second half, we expect to be, as you can imagine, we're guiding to the full 69%. So that's going to be higher than the 69% to make the overall. So that guidance, I just want to be clear, contemplates that contemplates that 70 -- for the full year 70 basis points of pressure, we did not back that out from our guidance. We kept the Omnipod GO charge that we took this quarter in our guidance. So hopefully, helps answer the question. Malaysia has a more limited impact. So as it's starting to produce product. And we expect to get more of that benefit, as we move into 2025 and the first full year of running operations.
Ana Maria Chadwick: No, I just wanted to add maybe a comment there. When you think of the implications of that decision, it's not just a short-term impact that we just talked about. There is a much longer-term impact. Jim commented on the customer, commercial, all those things that there's also an operational impact in the company with less product life cycles, simpler in terms of our manufacturing capacity and operational and all those things that come along with that. It's going to have its fruits much longer into the 2025.
Ana Maria Chadwick: Sure. I'll start with that one. So when you think of the US, and we are very heavily penetrated now in the pharmacy channel, what we have is we ship product and then we have, of course, the wholesalers, the distributors and the PBMs, and at the end, it's the end customers. So how it moves into, which specific distributors with what relationships, and which PBMs with what coverage. That all is hard to call. And now what we're talking about is not huge dollars, what I described in terms of the impact, but we should have some fluctuation in our pricing as we go through that process. So we will continue to refine our models and just continue to get better and better around that. But it's really a simple dynamic of being now so heavy into the pharmacy channel.
Ana Maria Chadwick: Thanks, Matt. So I'll start with your comment on inventory tailwinds. So as we talked about last quarter, we were anticipating a destocking of about $10 million, which we saw happened during the second quarter. And what we anticipate is during the second half of the year that should come back. And the reason it is all around the G6, G7 transition and how we're managing the channel through that process.
Ana Maria Chadwick: Great. Let me get started on that. So as we commented, we have really strong gross margin once you back out the impact -- the one-time impact of GO. We have stated before and continue to state Malaysia strategic for us. In the first 12 years, we will be accretive. So at the moment, we're ramping, so that will take time. So you can expect that, that will be accretive right at around that one-year mark and will continue to be. And the other point being the product life cycle. So by taking manufacturing time away from shifting lines and all of those things, we'll anticipate that. We're not providing long-term guidance here. So we'll come back and provide more color after we wrap up here in 2024. I do want to take the opportunity to come back to some of the early questions on new customer starts and clarify just to make sure everybody is on the same page. So new on customer starts, we expect sequential growth, second quarter to third quarter, third quarter to fourth quarter that to be true, US, international, of course, globally. And we already talked about all the reasons why that would happen. The question came up around year-over-year. And I want to also reiterate not only globally because it's obvious that international is working so well, but to a lesser extent, but it's there. Our guidance contemplates year-over-year growth in US NCS. So I just wanted to make sure that that was clarified for everyone.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. So, Larry, I know we're actually going to get a lot of clarifying questions on this. I'll just -- let me see if I can characterize it clearly. I'll give it another try. So, we expect sequential growth in the U.S. in new customer starts in Q3 and then again in Q4. And that's consistent with what we've said over the course of the last two quarters, where we expect the second half to be stronger and sequentially stronger two, three, four -- Q2, Q3, Q4 over the course of the year. And the ramp characteristics remain the same. The big tailwind driver for us is G7 and then we have other tailwinds coming. I think that one question that I'm sure people are asking themselves is what does that mean in terms of where we land. And there's two things that have changed in the quarter. One is, as I said, there's a smaller portion of the market overall is competitive switching, although we continue to win clearly in competitive switching. And the other thing is, as we said in the prepared comments, is our G7 launch is going very well through the specialty pharmacy channel and the ramp is good. Demand is good. We're servicing it really well. But we made the decision because of that to not disrupt the customer experience and the channel experience to let inventory flow more naturally into that channel. And so both of those things create a little bit -- I would say, a little bit of a change in our outlook on total new customer starts in the second half. And so as Ana characterized in her comments, we expect a steep ramp, but the ramp in the second half is probably a little bit less steep than we had been expecting before. Now where that lands in terms of total year new customer starts, is hard to characterize each of those -- each of those two dynamics are kind of hard to quantify neither of them is that big. But combined, what we're expecting is a less steep ramp in the second half, but still a really good ramp in the second half in new customer starts in the U.S.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah. Thanks, Margaret. I'll take both of those. On international, we're so pleased with Omnipod 5 internationally. It clearly wins wherever we're able to take it. The U.K. launch continues to go extremely well. The Germany launch is going extremely well and off a very strong performance in previous quarters, we -- both of those countries continue to perform ahead of expectation. We've just launched in France. It's very early. France is a really big market for us, but we know we have big demand, and we're rolling that out. We have patients on product and that's beginning to ramp. And then the other launch is, of course, the Netherlands. And -- when we launched the Netherlands, that was our first -- when we entered that country, entered it with our sensor of choice offering, which is G6 and Libre 2, and we took that center of choice offering into the UK, where we were already on market with G6, and that offering is going great. So these are largely MDI growth, driven growth phenomenon in all of those countries. As you know, internationally, most people who are on technology are locked into their contracts. And so it's largely MDI new-to-market customers. Many of them are already on a CGM because CGM paves a road for us, but they're largely new to market pumpers, and we're really, really pleased with the performance, and it makes us very bullish as we continue to roll out Omnipod 5 internationally. On the US dynamic, yes, I mean we're trying to characterize it. It's a little bit odd. We know there's lots of questions about what's going on out there. But you're right, the mix shift is -- that kind of percentage mix shift. That's consistent with what we had last quarter, 85-15. But as we look at the market, what we see as a trend now where just total base of competitive switching out there is smaller. It's a smaller part of the market. It's never been our focus in the business. It's not our focus. Now our focus is market growth. But that 85-15 split is actually not that big a deal. We just want to characterize the dynamic. MDI, we were up in MDI type 1 in the US., up in MDI in type 2, and we very clearly lead in MDI. Although we also win in competitive switching, that's a smaller part of our market and a lower emphasis for us strategically.
Jim Hollingshead: Travis, It's -- I hope I didn't say it that way. I meant the exact opposite of what you just said, which is we don't want to disrupt customer experience. So what's going on with the specialty pharmacy launch, we've used that kind of specialty pharmacy approach a couple of times in the past, especially as we entered pharmacy. We've actually upgraded the way do it, so with this launch. And with -- this is the first time that we've brought kind of a new compatibility to the Pod into the same channel under the same reimbursement code. And so figuring out how to feather that in and focus our built inventory on new customers has been what we've been designing to do. And we decided to take that into pharma -- into the specialty pharmacies because it allows us to focus on new starts rather than driving a lot of conversion in the base, which doesn't grow our customer base, right? So by taking it through specialty pharmacy, we're focusing on growing our new customer base, which is really important to the business and brings new customers into the market. And as we did that, it wasn't fair to us as we planned it because it was the first time what dynamic would be. The dynamic is great. We're actually really well able to service very strong demand for G7 through specialty pharmacies. And saying that, I should also point out, those specialty pharmacies, the most of them were through multiple pharmacies there through kind of a hub service that we've set up. And most of them are not visible to third-party data. So if people are out there trying to watch our new customer starts, they won't be able to see most of our G7 starts through other reporting mechanisms, for example, like IQVIA. So demand is really good, and it's flowing so well and we can flex it. And so that customer experience has been great. Therefore, we've decided not to force inventory into the retail channel, which would be potentially disruptive both for our channel partners and for customers. So we're going through specialty pharmacy. It's going very well, and we're going to let the inventory transition in retail at a more natural pace. So that's why it's really because of a new customer -- we want to deliver the strongest possible customer experience, and we're happy with how specialty pharmacy is going. So that's on that question. On the first part of your question, year-over-year growth, I think we expect during the second half to cross over into year-over-year growth, it's hard to call exactly when that happens. But the expectation is yes, we get year-over-year growth in the second half.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Mike. Thanks for the question. The first thing is, yes, I don't want to get too far in front of the FDA on the actual label, but the label we anticipate would allow us to market to both intensive insulin and basal insulin users. So that's the aim. And SECURE-T2D backs that up because 20% of the participants in SECURE-T2D were basal-only users, and they have fantastic results. And so the goal of Omnipod 5 is to get out there and help people who are on insulin who need better control because of the fantastic smart adjust algorithm and its ability to -- as you know, we adjust both basal and adjust for real-time bolus. And so that's the goal. And therefore, if we're able to achieve that labeling, we can help basal-only patients with Omnipod 5. And I know that know that you the initial plan was to start people on Omnipod GO and then as their insulin needs change get them on to Omnipod 5. And the beauty of this strategy is that we don't have to wait to have people going to Omnipod 5. Contingent on FDA labeling, which we expect, and I don't want to get in front of it and all those caveats, we think we can just -- we don't have to wait for Omnipod 5, we just take it to market as Omnipod 5 and meet the needs of a very wide range of patients than we were going to be able to meet. So we're excited about that. And Ana forgotten already the second part of your question. So...
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, we're really excited about being able to go on to the Omnipod 5 platform as the flagship offer there. I remember your other two components, Mike, so quickly on pricing. We don't anticipate -- I mean, Omnipod 5 is already well covered, well reimbursed for people with Type 2 diabetes. There's -- right now, there's no distinction, and we don't expect big commercial changes on that front. We'll see what happens, but we don't expect any disruption. And then on the other side of that, with the sales force, we've been successfully adding sales force heads now for some time. We added some earlier in the year. We'll continue to add sales force. We'll have more to say about the scale of that and the model for that as we get closer to actual launch.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Internationally, as you know, we're only in 24 markets OUS. And the larger markets are obviously the usual suspects of large markets, UK, Germany, France, Nordics. And so we're in the U. with Omnipod 5 now in Germany with full releases and growing really, really well. France, we're just out of the gate with the Omnipod 5 launch in France. And then as we said in the prepared remarks, Nordics is on the list for coming launches. And then -- and you can -- just by population, I think all the medtech markets are fairly similar in terms of total opportunity. So we feel really good about where we are with Omnipod 5. It's clearly winning where we take it. And as we roll it out, we're very bullish on growth, which is what led us to another 600 basis point increase in guide.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Mike. In terms of full commercial launch, I mean, what we've done is we've choreographed our plan for the launch in line with what we expect in terms of FDA approval. And so -- we expect FDA approval by the end of the year. And once we have that and with all the other pieces in place in terms of things like sales force training so on, we'll be able to promote in line with that. But we also anticipate, as I said, we'll say more -- we'll give more detail as we get closer to that. We anticipate also expanding our sales reach into nonspecialty channels by adding some feet on the street. And that just gives us more share voice into those markets. And so we'll have more to say about that later. But we do anticipate being able promote as we get clearance. The second side of your question around basal -- thank you. With basal, Omnipod GO product, we were out there looking at how do patients present in the channel. And we saw a number of patient profiles. So we went in with draft patient profile that I won't try to detail. We then -- we added a patient profile to that. And what we found was that there are a lot of patients in the non-specialty channel. There's different patient profiles with type 2 diabetes that need insulin, and there's also a lot of type 1 patients in there. So we're very confident that there's a lot of patients that -- whose needs we can address with Omnipod 5. And if anything, I would say, focusing on to Omnipod 5 makes us even more bullish about our ability to penetrate that market. So we learned a lot as we are in those practices about what's happening in there and which kinds of patients are in there. And we're really excited about taking Omnipod 5 as the flagship product for the patient journey into those channels and to reach those patients.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Jason, and thanks for the non 15 question list. So that -- so on type 2, yes, we're very confident. I mean, type 2 -- Omnipod 5 right now is reimbursed through the pharmacy benefit. There's not a request for which type of diabetes. It's a script that's written for Omnipod 5, and it's very well covered on that basis, and that's why physicians are writing off label for it. We did see an increase in MDI starts for type 2 patients in the quarter. We don't call out whether that's Omnipod DASH, which has the full indication for user, Omnipod 5. We did see some lift in MDI for type 2. We are not promoting Omnipod 5 for type 2 diabetes because we do yet have the indication for use expansion that will allow us to do that. And our reps, as I've said before, have one arm tied behind their back for that. So we're really bullish on that. But we have seen some lift. And we think the coverage should be final. There shouldn't be any delay in coverage for Omnipod 5 in type 2.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. On the MDI question. I won't try to probably together any of our competitors' results. I'll just say that I think it's reasonable to think that MDI penetration in type 1 is accelerating, and we're clearly leading that. So Omnipod 5 is very highly preferred with MDI patients. We continue to grow that space and we continue to win with MDI conversions. I think it's durable for both type 1 and type 2. And the reason I believe that is because the burden of living with diabetes remains very high and because our CGM partners have been out paving road very effectively in front of us for some time. And so, we've said before that we think penetration for AID in the type 1 space can go very high, well above 70% on the back of the pave road from CGM, and we're confident that we're going to be the leader that drives that kind of penetration. And we believe that now you see a lot of adoption in type 2 space with CGMs on an ongoing basis. And so our two partners, Abbott and Dexcom, are out there paving road for us in type 2, and we see a big opportunity to take Omnipod 5 likely as the first-to-market AID system in that space, you see a big opportunity to drive the penetration of Omnipod 5 and type 2 as well.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Steve. Yes. So what we've done, and we've referred to this in the past, as we launch Omnipod 5, we work really hard to make sure that our reimbursement is commensurate with the additional value that Omnipod 5 creates for the health care system and for patients. And so we've been able to, so far, so good, successfully negotiate a premium for Omnipod 5, where we've launched it. And so it is both volume and a bit of a price benefit. And -- but volumes are very, very good, obviously, with -- the starts are very, very strong for us with Omnipod 5 where we've taken it. And then again, I'm forgetting the second half of the...
Jim Hollingshead: G7, we haven't announced timing. So we're obviously working on it. We have a very effective working G7 integration, which is creating a big tailwind for us in the US, we'll get it into European markets as soon as we can, but we have not yet announced timing.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Joanne. Yes, we're very happy with our two CGM partners. We have a great relationship with Abbott. We have a great relationship with Dexcom. We're working really well with both of them. We're very excited to announce that we'll be bringing the Libre 2+ integration to the US market by the end of the year. And for us, we have a clear road map for Omnipod 5 platform expansion that includes sensor expansions, and it's full speed ahead. We remain very confident in our competitive position. Omnipod 5 is extremely differentiated from two pumps and will continue to be. And so we're very bullish full speed ahead with both of our partners.
Jim Hollingshead: Thank you, operator. In closing, we're very pleased with our Q2 and excited about our coming second half. Our cascade of innovation continues with our G7 tailwind, iOS and Libre 2 coming to the US and we're eagerly anticipating TAM expansion with FDA clearance for Omnipod 5 and type 2. Our international business continues to outperform on the strength of Omnipod 5. All of that led us to raise our guide across the board. And none of that would be possible without our amazing global Insulet team who get up every morning to change the lives of people living with diabetes. Thank you, global team. And thanks for joining us, everybody, today. We look forward to updating you next quarter.
