David Ryan Lewis: Good afternoon. Guys, I'm going to blow my two questions here on the ex-U.S. business. So, Shacey, I think your description of what's happened ex-U.S. I think it's pretty clear, I think, but people want to get a better sense of. As you can get through this inventory burden, can you or Mike size the state of the burden and what your confidence is that you can get back there by the fourth quarter? And I had a quick follow-up as well on ex-U.S.
David Ryan Lewis: Okay. And then, my follow-up then for Mike. And Mike, I apologize if I'm doing the math wrong in your guidance implied. But it feels like the ex-U.S. guidance range in the third quarter and the fourth quarter are pretty similar. And just given what Shacey said about the drawdown in the second and third, I would expect somewhat of a bigger recovery in the fourth quarter, ex-U.S., if the demand signals were there. Am I doing the math wrong? And maybe you can just help us understand how third and fourth can be sort of flattish if you work through the inventory and do better in the fourth? Thanks so much.
David Ryan Lewis: Thanks, Pat. So definitely a higher probability. So the last quick follow-up there was, can you just give us a general sense of when you say fourth quarter full recovery, do you think the fourth quarter then reflects the rate of growth, for example, we could expect into 2019 or should we still expect acceleration from that level as you move into 2019? And I'll jump back in queue. Thanks so much.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Okay. Sure. Yeah. So we estimate that there are approximately seven to eight weeks of inventory in the channel, which is spread over Q2 and Q3. That's about four to five weeks in Q2 and approximately two to three weeks in Q3. And so, that was about an $11 million impact in Q2 and we expect also an $11 million impact in Q3. In terms of how confident we are in those numbers, we are very confident in those numbers. I think over the last 30 days we're seeing exactly why we took this business over. We're getting just a different level of insight into the market. We have now interacted with all of our intermediaries, all of our patients and clinicians and we just have been able to validate customer base information, utilization rates all of this insight. So we feel very confident that by Q4 we're back to our normalized run rate.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I would expect acceleration from the Q4 level. What's so exciting about this is now we've got 115 people in Europe. Our commercial organization is exclusively focused on Omnipod. So I think our guidance is broad, as Mike noted, because of the transition and just the noise in the year. But as we continue through Q4 and then looking beyond, we expect the business to continue to grow at an accelerated rate from Q4.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And, Ravi, to your question about new patients and churn, actually, the attrition rate in Europe is much lower than it is in the U.S. So it's approximately 3% to 4%. And we have no indication that that has increased with this transition. In fact, we are very confident that we've transitioned approximately 60,000 patients, and that – as Pat said, that we provided 100% of continuity of care for the patients in this transition.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Anna, for the question. So the feedback so far has been terrific. It's really been designed as a consumer device, but one piece of feedback that we got from one of the users, which I thought was great, is that it took her 4 minutes to kind of learn the system and prime a POD, which is pretty extraordinary and just goes to how intuitive the system is and that it was designed like a cell phone as on a cell phone platform. And so, people are really impressed with just the easy-to-use platform. In terms of payors, it's not really a data issue. We're getting a lot of great feedback from payors as we work to establish DASH pricing, which is primarily in the pharmacy channel. It's been tied to the change in the business model. So this is eliminating the PDM pricing and then moving forward kind of moving that into the PODD pricing. And so that's been the change that's been occurring and payors are responding very well to it. It's just a sort of further enhancing the advantage that Omnipod already has over these other systems where payors are plunking down a ton of money and then keeping their fingers crossed and hoping that people stay on the product and get the benefit. So we've just eliminated that hurdle for payors and that has been very positively received by the payors that we are currently in discussions with.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: No, that's okay. So what I said was that we expect to wrap up this IDE in September. We'll then take that data and share that with the FDA and then make a decision whether or not we move into either a final IDE or into pre-pivotal. So we'll have that clarity on the next call for certain.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, I think if we head into pre-pivotal, there is still a path for end of 2019, early 2020. If not, it may add a few months to the timeframe and we'll be able to give a lot more clarity on our next call for that one. We have been meeting with the FDA. We've been discussing the iCGM pathway with the FDA and with Dexcom, which also is a factor that could be a tailwind for that. So we just want to get all of those questions answered before we give any further guidance to all of you guys. But that should all be done by the next call.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: No problem, Danielle. Yeah, so I agree that there's been a tremendous sort of buzz and two things at least are driving that. I think the first is CGM adoption. So as I've always said, for us CGM adoption is a great thing because as people get more visibility to their glucose trends, they typically want tools to help them control that and Omnipod is a great tool for that. So obviously, as we see more CGM adoption, we also see more Omnipod adoption. The other thing that's driving that really is the FDA's responsiveness to both the patient communities, to industry and to the clinical communities that are really driving interoperability and these Automated Glucose Control Systems to market by giving pathways like the iCGM and iPump pathways. So I think all of that really bodes well and we applaud the FDA's innovation on that front. And I think that we already were predicting that the pump market could grow at a CAGR of somewhere around 8% to 9% over the next five years. I think you can see that increase as a result of really these terrific trends with CGM. And you know what; it's actually showing in our numbers too. Pat referenced the fact that this quarter we had a record new patients start record growth rate as well. And so, certainly we're seeing that tailwind and momentum in our business.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Yeah. So I think you're right, Danielle, about 13% of our U.S. business is type 2. And, frankly, we believe we have the best type 2 pump available today because of its ease of use and certain features that are really well received by the type 2 community. And then, of course, things like improvements in user interfaces that are geared towards the type 2 patient, which come with our U-500 and U-200 products with Lilly, will also help accelerate that. And so, I believe that we're going to see growth in that segment of our population over the next few years as those products come to market. And in fact, the growth in that segment has kept up with the growth in the rest of the segment. So we're seeing that continue to grow, which is great.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. I'll give you an update. Obviously, the partnership with Amgen remains strong and we were really excited to see their reporting that the on-body injector now represents 63% of all U.S. Neulasta doses. So just really strong adoption there. There's nothing really new to report on the drug delivery front. We continue discussions and exploratory work and as we have always said, that remains confidential. And so much of what we're discussing is really early stage in nature. And so, as we think about our 2021 goals, for example, what we've always said is that we don't really need another Amgen to achieve those. We see this really as a much longer term contributor.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So the growth associated with the UnitedHealthcare access has been extraordinary. It's really helping to drive new patient adoption and that took us to a great level in terms of commercial reimbursement for Omnipod. So we have virtually 94% or 95% of commercially covered lives that have access to Omnipod now, which is a great place to be. And I think you're right. In addition to the FDA propelling innovation, it's great to see payors really making these innovations available to their patients. And so, that's so true. Because we have broad commercial coverage, our focus has really started to be in the pharmacy channel in terms of expanding coverage for DASH there. We see that as a great opportunity to provide competitive differentiation, a better customer experience, and for us a lower cost channel to serve. So that's where we're focused really over the next six months. And then, of course, on the pull through for Medicaid and Medicare and that is all going very well as well.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Really that increase in installed base is driven primarily by the market access wins. So United went into effect April 1. That has certainly propelled new patient starts and then we have some early Medicare wins as well. And I think we're also benefiting from just more awareness and then reduction of barriers in physicians' offices. There were physicians who may have had good commercial coverage, but without Medicare or Medicaid, they were less willing to offer the product. But now that we have those things either there or thereabouts, much more willing to offer the product more broadly to their patient population. So that's been really working in our favor. We did have a little bit of mix working against us quarter in the U.S. business. And so, that sort of is why the revenue base doesn't line right up with the installed base growth. But I think that's all good because it's coming from an increase in market access, which will really drive volume growth and revenue growth as we look out over the horizon.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Right. So the repurchase is done. What is implied in the Q3 growth is just the inventory that was existing within our intermediaries that our former distributor had sold into in excess before the transition. So we'll work through that in Q3 and be back to the normalized run rate in Q4.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Robbie. So if you think about what this is, so seven to eight weeks of inventory. It's probably likely that it was built over some extended period of time. So to put it in perspective, it's about a day a week for every week last year of excess inventory. And the reason why we perhaps did not eliminate all of that activity was because the business was growing so quickly. So it's rapid growth. We had France exploding and we wanted to make sure that no customer went without product. And so, it's not really an exact science. We had great oversights in place. We didn't ship, actually, all orders to our former distributor in both Q1 and Q2. So we had great oversight for the last six months. But I think ultimately because of how fast growing the market was, we had this a little bit of excess. I think the good news is the team reacted very quickly. We mitigated it and contained it to Q2 and Q3 and ultimately, the underlying business is very, very strong.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And U-200, we expect that to be in the market sometime towards the end of 2020 or 2021. So that's currently in development and making good progress.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I'll say that July has been very strong. So we do feel optimistic that we're getting this in the rear-view mirror, but we're also sensitive to the fact that we've only had the business for 30 days. And we've been able to validate customer base, inventory levels, et cetera, with about 75% to 80% of our intermediaries. So we're just being cautious in terms of the rest of the area that we haven't quite validated. Maybe that some of these smaller intermediaries, for example, have inventory that we're not yet aware of. But I think indications are strong that it could be behind us and we are very confident that it will be behind us by Q4.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. We certainly have good insight into Roche's product. We've been contacted by some of the customers in the UK that we're reached out to about participating in a clinical trial with Roche's product. So it's early days and I don't know that anyone has even seen the product, but they have received the user guide. And I think what we're hearing from clinicians is that it's a very complex product. In fact, one customer sent us the user guide and pointed out that it's not waterproof. It's fixed components and has a 12-step process before putting the Pod onto the patient. So I think at least early days, it certainly seems like a fairly complex not as user-friendly device. But our job is to make sure that we have the most compelling delivering mechanism and that we have the best customer service and the best commercial team in the market. So that's certainly what we're focused on.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, Ryan, I mentioned that earlier. We did have a little bit of lingering headwind in terms of just the – the inventory ramped down from the previous distributor that was serving the United business, because we obviously took that direct. So there was a little bit of a lingering impact this quarter. And then the other headwind that we have that maybe is shown in revenue, but not in installed base is just really tied to mix. We had some surprise wins of Medicare, for example, and that just works against us a little bit.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: In terms of the ramp up, so we will be ramping up in 2019. So we won't serve the full business probably in the U.S. in 2019. It'll probably be a late 2019, early 2020 event. And I think the good news is that we made this decision strategically to build our U.S. manufacturing before the administration change. So we really are ahead of the game and we should be able to, by the end of 2019, have the vast majority of the U.S. business served out of the U.S.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, those conversations have been progressing really well and I think that's indicated in the two early decisions that clearly we've got a value proposition that is resonating with the Medicare Part D payors. The way that the process works is we were granted a CMS designation or CMS guidance in January. In April is when all of the negotiations opened for 2019. So from April really through August approximately, we're having discussions with all of the top Medicare Part D providers. And then really in August, end of August through October, they will publish their formulary schedules, and we will see how successful we were. So that means on the next call, which I think is early November or so, we should have kind of full clear picture of what type of 2019 Medicare coverage we've established. And the conversations are going very well. We fully expect to have broad coverage in 2019.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Yeah, it's a great question, Kyle, because I think it just highlights one of the primary strategic rationales for making this decision, which is – previously we were constrained and we could not go into a new global market or a new international market without our former distributor. So one of the main motivators was our ability to kind of get control of our international destiny and be able to invest and grow that business. What we've uncovered early on, we've already started new patients in clinicians' offices who told us that they've never seen an Omnipod rep. So we think there's tremendous opportunity to grow right where we are and that's where we're going to be focused from now through the end of this year and going forward. I think it's logical to assume – we see, though, we've had an increasing number of contacts from European markets where Omnipod is not available today for people who want to bring Omnipod there and same thing with kind of additional international markets. So we see a tremendous amount of growth and I would expect that the first wave of that will come right in Europe. We see a lot of opportunity through 2018, early 2019 to continue to grow where we are. I would expect in 2019 we may expand into some new European markets and beyond that we are currently building our strategy for continued growth in Omnipod. And as Pat has said many times, this is just the beginning of our vision to grow Omnipod across the globe. So we're really excited about the opportunities that support us.
Michael L. Levitz: Sure. So, just to clarify, so the fourth quarter is definitely higher than the third. I think if you're referring to being flat, the range is a $5 million range for the third quarter and implies a $5 million range for the fourth. But we definitely see there being higher growth in the fourth quarter and the high end of the range more reflective of the underlying business. I think it's fair to say, as I mentioned previously, that we have given a wider range in the third quarter because we do expect to work through the remaining excess inventory in the third quarter. Generally speaking, at this time of year, we would have a wider range in the fourth quarter than we would give when we finish the Q3 call. So there's – I wouldn't read anything into the wider range on the fourth quarter. I think it's fair to say this is not a small transition. And given the quarter we just completed, we just want to be very thoughtful in the guidance. I think what's important to note is what the fourth quarter guidance implies is a north of $50 million a quarter run rate, $200 million-plus international business. And that's what we were trying to convey with the guidance is really just that we do see this being a very strong business, in line with our expectation.
Michael L. Levitz: ... then I'll turn it over to Shacey. In terms of the breakdown of the significant improvement we had in the second quarter, approximately 3 points of that was the favorable mix with a much lower international business. What's implied and what I described in my earlier comments is we do expect that we have now reached a threshold where 65% is now our base. And so, while we were helped in the quarter by the favorable mix, as we go and looking forward at the trend, we now are direct in Europe, we now are realizing the 50% uplift in pricing, not to end users but our capturing of what was instead going to our intermediary. And so, that's why we believe that 65% is what we expect for the remainder of the year and as our base.
Michael L. Levitz: Sure absolutely. So what I guided to for the third quarter is $45 million to $50 million. And given the range for the full year, that would imply that the fourth quarter is between $51 million and $56 million. So probably above $50 million as I described. So what we've built in there is a wider range, as I said, than you would on a one-quarter basis, but again we're only halfway through the year. So if you look at the upper end of our range, which we believe is more indicative of the underlying business for the fourth quarter, there really isn't a change in direction. If you talk about 50% uplift in pricing, this is north of that. And as we said, our initial focus is on continuity of care and we've also said that new patient starts, generally speaking, are not a big driver in any given quarter of our revenue and it really changes the slope of the line. So we have an excellent team in Europe. They have hit the ground running and the trajectory is strong. And so, you shouldn't infer anything other than that from this guidance.
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah. This is Mike. I would just remind what Shacey mentioned earlier, which is in June was when we had been informed by our former distributor that the information they'd given us before on inventories was inaccurate.
Michael L. Levitz: Robbie, it's Mike. I'll take the fee payment. So we'll determine the fee. As a reminder, the fee is based upon shipments that occur over the next 12 months. It's defined very, very specifically in the agreement. And depending upon the information that we find in – as we kind of get into the details on the customer definition and whatnot, it can lead to a somewhat wide range. And we've disclosed in our SEC documents historically a pretty wide range, as low as $10 million, as high as $50 million. It's not necessarily reflective of – the business is reflective of really the customer as defined in the agreement. And so, that will become clearer as we go forward.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. I'll take the tariff question. So we are not covered by any of the tariffs as described so far. So there have been broad statements about tariffs and that's not lost on us on why it's great that we have been establishing the U.S. manufacturing in advance of any of these conversations on tariffs. But right now it doesn't cover our product directly. That said, from a supply chain standpoint, it's something that our supply team is very focused on so that we have contingencies in case – even though it doesn't impact us directly right now, if it does we'll have secondary sources ready to go. So we feel comfortable on that front.
Michael L. Levitz: So specifically to your question about Europe and the international reps, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, we're right on track for the guidance that we'd given going into the year for the cost of the direct business in Europe of $45 million to $50 million run rate on an annual basis. So our spending in the second quarter, as we've been ramping up to that, is directly in line with our previous statements of what we expect that to be. In terms of OpEx in general, yeah, we are favorable to the guidance that we've given before. We are making a lot of investments to continue to drive significant growth on the top line. With all this innovation and sales force expansion and other things, we expect the next several years to continue to drive significant growth. That said, we watch spending very closely. And if we don't need to spend something, we won't. So, yes, we are a bit favorable to what we guided to from an OpEx growth standpoint, but it's not related to short-changing any of our growth initiatives.
