Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. I'll start maybe by addressing the question regarding Animas. We do have a program in place to help educate Animas users that they have options and can transition to Omnipod, and in fact, we've been working with Dexcom, it's been fun to kind of get that out there and get the word out. But just two things to keep in mind, David, is it's not our target segment. So still this quarter, like every quarter, 80% or more of our new customers are coming from MDI. And I don't really anticipate that that's going to change dramatically next quarter or beyond. And the other thing is just a reminder because of the recurring revenue model, any impact that that might have is going to be kind of over time as opposed to in a particular given quarter or even year. I wouldn't anticipate that because it's not our target segment. I'll make one other comment on Ypsomed, just because you mentioned that, I think that transition is going very well. And we feel like we're on track with everything that we obviously just guided to for the end of the year, but I don't think we're ready to give kind of any substantive guidance for 2018.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. I think I would say, it's those first two that you mentioned. Really, the transition has been going smoothly. And so we have less disruption than we anticipated. And we have continued strong growth across the continent, and in particular, still in France. So both of those things are driving kind of the uptick in the guidance for the rest of the year.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think your numbers are in the ballpark similar to ours, Jeff. And I think we would expect some of those customers to come over to Omnipod, but I would just reiterate it's not our target segment. So, in any given quarter or year, we don't get the vast majority of our customers coming from tube pumps if they're already comfortable wearing a tube pump, they're probably going to look at all of their options. Most of our customers come from MDI users. And I would agree that this is a transition that's going to happen over the next two years, as opposed to something that's going to create a big bolus in a given quarter or even a given year.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: We have regular discussions with the FDA. We've had multiple pre-submission discussions with the FDA tied to Horizon, so we're always discussing how to make our clinical and product development pathway as efficient and effective as possible. Other than that, I can't give a lot of color. But I would say that we've had the same type of support and enthusiasm for Dash as well. And they certainly have been very supportive in us getting a submission ready and in terms of helping us get to market as quickly as we can.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Matt. I would say, we actually talk pretty frequently about the type 2 market, because our partnership with Eli Lilly on concentrated insulins is really designed to address that market. One of the differences between the customer needs with people who live with type 2 versus type 1 is the volume of insulin that they require. And so, in order to keep the great form factor and the small pod form factor that we have, we've partnered with Eli Lilly to concentrate the insulin and get their U100 and U500 approved out of the pod. So those program – U200 rather and U500 approved out of the pod, so those programs are underway and on track, we've made terrific progress, and I think will really help us address that customer segment very nicely. We've got other elements of that customer or that product platform that will also be very appealing. But then I would just point out that, what's really important about launching a patch pump in the United States or anywhere in the globe is about operational excellence and how well you serve the market. And that's where I think some of the advancements and progress that we've made on the manufacturing operations is such a competitive differentiator, because to really do this well and be able to manufacture high quality, high volume product at the rate that we do, that's the differentiator, and I think that is an area where we've clearly shown we can excel.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I think this quarter, the 60% installed base growth probably speaks for itself. The business continues to really grow rapidly while we work with Ypsomed to transition next year. We're making great progress. We've been really warmly welcomed by the clinical community in Europe. Over the last, I guess, two months really, we held symposiums and product workshops at EASD in Portugal, EASD (32:39) in Austria and at children with diabetes in the UK, so all over Europe, and our events have been standing room only and clinicians have expressed their – really their sincere support and enthusiasm about us establishing a direct presence in the market. So we're thrilled to be making that happen. I think the best indicator of how we're doing is really looking at the installed base growth.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I would guess, somewhere around 30%, 35% would be my guess. Mike, we said it before, we have less insight into Europe than we do into United States, and even so, we don't generally track market share against other pumps, we're looking at kind of the total opportunity there from a type 1 diabetes standpoint.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I think there's probably those patients included in the 20% or so of our patients that come from pumps. I'm just saying that the vast majority in our target segment is the 80% that come from MDI, and we – really, our strategy and what we consider ourselves and I think what is clearly evident in the numbers is that we are a category grower, not a share taker. That's not our strategy, it's not our approach.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: We track that, so every new patient that comes on, we get a prescription and categorize and track where they're coming from.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: No. We don't want – first of all, we track their installed base, right. So that's what I reported out on, and obviously that was very strong. So even independent of their revenue and I think they were roughly in line, but no, there wasn't anything particular that they needed to achieve with this transition this quarter.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And the incentive is actually tied to the sales that happened 12 months after the termination of the agreement, so...
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: That's a great question, Margaret. Unfortunately, I mean, this is exactly one of the reasons why we feel like it's a strategic imperative to get closer to our international markets, because we don't have this level of market insight that you're asking about in France. We're gaining it as we meet with clinicians, et cetera, and we've got a ton of research underway in preparation for all of this, but I can't give you that insight that you're looking for today. But next year, I probably will or sometime as we get a little bit closer to the transition.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And we have heard from clinicians that there's a large number of patients coming from multiple daily injections to the pod in France. I just don't know the specific numbers.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: There will not be distraction. Most of this activity is actually handled internally. So the program went out through digital channels from both Dexcom and us. And that has increased our call volume, but most of that work is really handled by the internal team as opposed to the field team, who remain focused on our target segment, which is multiple daily injection users. In terms of impact to the P&L, I don't think there's any impact to the P&L either. Mike, you should confirm that.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And the beauty of a recurring revenue model, because we can get people a low cost or no cost pathway onto the system, because of the low upfront cost.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: There is a chance and we're working very closely with Dexcom. So as they develop, we'll get our hands on that technology and do what we can to incorporate it and do technical feasibility. But right now, focused on G5 and G6, so once-a-day calibration in terms of the product development program.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: It's tough to say. I think, unfortunately, we are under very tight confidentiality agreements with our pharmaceutical partners, and these are longer-term programs. There's a lot involved in the clinical and technical feasibility in terms of determining whether or not molecules are suited for the pod, and also if these molecules pass their early clinical endpoints. And so all of that is the work that's underway. We're certainly eager to be able to update everybody on the progress that we're making in a more tangible way. But at this point, we really can't do that, and I don't – I can't tell you today if there's going to be an update in 2018. But nonetheless, I don't want that to be taken as a diminishment of enthusiasm because we really are excited about this business, it's just a longer-term growth driver, and I think if we fast forward five to seven years, it's going to be a significant contributor in terms of a more diverse revenue stream. I just think it's going to be – it takes a while.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: That's true of Lilly being the first partner, and I think it's generally true of the pipeline. The reason why we don't really give specific numbers of deals is not because we are not trying to be transparent, it's just that they're not – it's not really all that helpful or that indicative. You could have a partner like Amgen, which is a commercial product and a large scale, more near-term opportunity, or we could have a dozen really early stage technical feasibility agreements that have a lot more risk associated with them in terms of whether or not they need their endpoints and actually become revenue-generating opportunities for us. So we didn't want to mislead all of you in terms of the number of deals as they get larger versus the risk/reward of that, and that's why we stopped giving that insight, but generally, still a number of deals, still Lilly be the first and we're looking forward to updating everybody in terms of the progress that we make as soon as we can become public with these partnerships.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So in terms of increasing the sales footprint, I mean, we're always evaluating that, we're about a year out from when we first – when we last expanded the sales force and so that's approaching productivity in exactly where we expected to be. And so, we're always evaluating that, and I don't think we're prepared to exactly give guidance on the key investments in 2018, but certainly, we'll make sure that we are appropriately, commercially resourced for a successful launch of Dash in 2018, but we'll give you more color on that in February. And then I think the other question was around Horizon timing. We're on track with our clinical development just as we expected. And as we do, as we did with Dash and we do with all of our development programs, we're going to review the data that comes out of this IDE, and any insights that come in and we'll adjust accordingly. But so far, it's going very well, progressing nicely, and we're excited about its performance. So no change in terms of end of 2019, early 2020 in terms of the guidance at this point, but I would just point out, two years out, so we're working hard and we're going to keep you guys updated as we make progress. But over the next couple of years, we're going to bring really meaningful innovation to the market with Dash and with concentrated insulin. I mean, it's really – Dash is really a giant leap forward with mobile capabilities and serious user experience enhancements, and we're really excited about that. For the first time ever, people are going to be able to see and use their Omnipod data on their mobile phone, and payers are going to get data analytics, and physicians, they're going to get population analytics in a way that we hadn't before, so we're really excited about that in the meantime. And the other thing that's happening, just as it relates to Horizon, which is I think something that could potentially impact how we think about the program is, we're learning a lot in the market about the needs for automated insulin delivery, what it takes to launch these systems really effectively, how to train users and clinicians efficiently, and how to get market access. So there's just a lot of ground that is being hoed right now, frankly by another, and we're really fortunate to be able to take those lessons and incorporate them into our program.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I guess, coordinated, meaning, of course, they knew we were doing that and I think they were in attendance of all, if not most of those events, but no, we didn't actually kind of fund them and execute them together.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I don't think so. I think those – first of all, most of those happened in the last month. So, I don't think they're...
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: ...driving significant – and they were clinician-oriented with the exception of one that happened last week, they were clinician-oriented events. (49:36)
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: ...because of (50:17) market, but there's – we feel as if reimbursement is in good shape there. So...
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I'd say there's incremental improvements across kind of all of those things. Net utilization or so (51:12), I don't think we see users using more pods in a given time period. But we continue to see healthcare practitioner utilization rates improve. We continue to see great growth on the installed base and likely moving some needle on attrition, although it's an estimate and I couldn't give you a specific there. But we're just thinking great progress on market access and product quality and resulting improving the customer experience. So that's – and then we've had some positive channel mix, too, so all of that is driving continued favorability with that business.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Yeah, Canada for us has been a terrific success. We bought that distribution back from GSK now, I guess, two years ago, little over two years ago. And we've just seen the market really step function change and our growth in terms of new product or new patient starts there, and a really strong team, really smooth transition of that business. So we did view Canada very much as kind of a indicator of can we do this, and how would we do this, and so I think we've got a great blueprint there in terms of how we're going to successfully transition the markets in Europe. I think the other thing is, the markets in Europe are very discrete. We've said it before, but maybe not on this call yet, there's really four major markets that account for 70-plus percent of the business, and when you add the Nordics, then you're up to almost 95% of the business. So it's a really concentrated business, and several of those markets are served by third-party distributors, and so just a pretty straightforward, discrete business that we need to transfer, but Canada was certainly proof in principle that we can do this, and we know how to do it successfully and ensure patient continuity of care.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: No, Jayson, there were no new countries added, and we don't anticipate entering into any new countries until after we have transitioned the business in Europe, continued strong growth in some of our newer countries like France, and then just really strong growth across the continent in some of the countries that I mentioned, but no – nothing changed in terms of the market dynamics that drove that.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think you have to ask what does integration mean. We made a strategic decision to kind of go to the mobile phone and really put our data on the mobile phone because all of our customers and all of our market research was indicating that that's where people really wanted their data. It's where, for example, in Europe, customers are viewing and using their Libre data, and it's also where everybody in the United States using G5 and most of the people in Europe using G5 are also going for their data. So, our kind of strategic rationale was put Omnipod on the phone, give our users an integrated experience, so that they can view their Omnipod data right where they view whatever sensor data that they're using and whatever generation of that sensor data that they're using. And so, that's been our approach and I think we're really excited about Dash starting to enable that user experience for our population. We do know in Europe that there are plenty of Omnipod users who are also using Libre and having a great experience. And so, we know that that's happening today, people are really getting a good user experience with both of those products.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think that issue that you're describing is primarily tied to Medicare DME reimbursements, and we do not – until Pat secures it, we do not have Medicare reimbursement, so we don't have that problem.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. I think Mike is right on. The only thing I would add is, we're going to continue as that business continues to grow as we enter into new markets, we will continually evaluate just as we have in the United States what is the right commercial footprint, so that we can best support that growth and best support our customer base.
Michael L. Levitz: The only thing I would add to that, and this is Mike, is just as I said and as we said last quarter, we do expect that the go-direct strategy is going to have a material impact on our run rate for the consolidated business because of the change in business model. And so, in the middle of the year, when we go direct in the second half of 2018, we do expect a significant appreciation in revenue because even though the European pricing is lower than the U.S. pricing on average, because our historic run rate is with our – is based upon our historic distributor pricing, the end user pricing will be a 50% – approximately 50% uplift from that. And so that will result in a significant increase even beyond all the volume increase that we've been describing over the last few years here. And a corresponding impact of the revenue growth will be a significant increase in gross margin, we talked about 400 basis points increase from the change in business model on a full-year basis, and so assuming a midyear impact of 200 basis points. For both of those, we expect would drive a change in the business model, but hopefully, we've given you enough to be able to model that effectively.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike again, I'll just add on to that. We did indicate, since our last call, was shortly after we had just announced that we were going to be going direct, that there was potentially some conservatism built into our guidance that we gave last quarter, just because of the number of unknowns related to the transition. We've been retiring that risk, and as a result, the guidance that we're giving now is less conservative. We felt it was realistic before, this is really realistic and reflects the continued growth and momentum in that business.
Michael L. Levitz: Absolutely. This is Mike. So, a couple of things, we indicated last quarter in the call where we saw the operating expense run rate would go, and we also raised our operating expense expectations in 2017, and we raised it by about 5 points of growth, and we said that was to reflect the spend this year to really get things off the ground even though we've been planning for this as a contingency for quite some time, we really ramped this up this year. So, about 5 points off of last year's OpEx is roughly $10 million give or take. So I think that's what – it's fair from what we said last quarter that that would indicate for 2017. And what we talked about for 2018 is, we said $45 million to $50 million of operating expense run rate when we get into a full up and running in the middle of the year. The way that's going to work is, we are ramping up now, we will be ramping up more in the first half of next year. And so, we'll be having more of the expenses before we get the pricing and margin that comes once we go direct in the second half of the year.
Michael L. Levitz: ...guidance perspective. And we think there are a number of opportunities to grow this business, and not only is MDI our traditional grower, but this is a nice opportunity. So it's all a net positive.
Michael L. Levitz: I mean it really materially impacted – the significant part of the growth really happened in the latter half of the year and then just continued to accelerate through the beginning of this year.
Michael L. Levitz: Well, I think it's fair to say consistent – there's nothing new in terms of our description of the Drug Delivery business in that over the last couple years, we've said that we work with – Amgen is the largest piece of it. We work with them on their forecast to try and even out the production throughout the year, it's not a perfect science, there's always timing that works with the timing of shipments between quarters, we saw that last year between Q3 and Q4, we saw it this year between Q3 and what we expect for Q4. The guidance for the year has not changed at all. So there's just puts and takes, it's not a perfect science in terms of getting it even by quarter, but the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year, and we've confirmed here, implies just over $18 million a quarter if you spread it perfectly even, which is pretty much in line with what we're saying for the fourth quarter. So there's really nothing to speak of there. As it relates to 2018, we'll be giving the guidance for that in February, but what I will say about 2018 is just we're very, very pleased with the momentum that we have this year, and we're very excited going into next year, so we're looking forward to February.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. I'll speak to that, and Shacey can add anything if she'd like obviously. So one thing that's really important to understand, and Shacey alluded to this in her comments, about the markets that we're in in Europe. First of all, they're very concentrated, and second of all, they're different from one another. And so, as an example, in France and in a few other markets, you're really dealing in France, so let me call that one out specifically. You're dealing with home health providers. And so, you're not allowed to interact directly with patients, or I should say to sell directly to patients, and so the go-to-market strategy is very different than where you might be, than what you'd see in the United States or what you might see in Canada from a go-to-market. So the number of people you need to have is different. And because we're concentrated in a few core markets, we are in multiple other markets in Europe, much smaller in nature, and those we may continue to use distributors in those markets. So, in terms of the number of people that we might have by country, it really is going to vary based upon the needs in that country.
Michael L. Levitz: So we are having some of the recurring spending starting in 2017, as we've said, we've been establishing operations in Europe, and that will be part of the $45 million to $50 million. But they're also our startup costs. Most of the startup costs, we currently estimate them as we said on the last call, to be about $10 million, most of those will probably be in the first half of 2018. The numbers this year are starting, but they are much smaller in nature.
Patrick J. Sullivan: And we don't – this is Pat, we don't have visibility on the 20% that are coming from pumps, which pump they're coming from.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yeah. Because their contract goes through June 30 of next year, and so both parties contractually bound by that agreement, there were no modifications to it or anything.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Sure. This is Pat. We remain very confident that we're going to secure Medicare reimbursement. From my perspective, it's just a matter of time. We have the complete support of many members of Congress, the professional and medical societies. And we remain very confident that we're going to get Medicare reimbursement. I just can't give you an exact time.
Patrick J. Sullivan: In general, Europe is – the penetration rates are lower than it is in the United States. The attrition rate is also lower than it is in the United States. So it's...
Patrick J. Sullivan: So we're new into the European market, and I think hosting those types of events gives us access and face time with clinicians and patients.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Thanks for the dig. No, we were going after either Medicare Part B or Part D, and I think the Omnipod fits more nicely into the Medicare Part D, but we're happy with either one of those reimbursement schemes from CMS and are prepared to deal with it if we need to.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Thank you, operator. In closing, I am absolutely thrilled with the outstanding performance this quarter and very proud of the track record of the team of strong quarter-over-quarter growth. The team is dedicated to improving the customer experience, raising the bar on product quality, delivering actual (01:02:47) operational excellence, and creating an organization for long-term success. I'd also like to thank the Insulet employees for their hard work and dedication to ease the burden and improve the lives of people living with diabetes and other diseases. Thank you for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you at our fourth quarter earnings call in February.
Danielle J. Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, and congrats on another great quarter.
Danielle J. Antalffy: Got it. That's helpful. And then shifting to International, and when you guys do go direct there, I think the last country where you went direct in a similar manner, correct me if I'm wrong, was Canada? And...
Danielle J. Antalffy: ...I'm wondering and you highlighted that, today, is the strong growth driver. So I'm wondering if you could give some color on how you saw the installed base growth accelerate in Canada, and whether that might be a proxy for what we could see when you take over in Europe. Thanks so much.
