Patrick Sullivan: Thanks, Mike. We believe OmniPod is the most innovative and differentiated insulin delivery system on the market and has significant growth potential in other drug delivery applications. I'm even more confident today that we are driving toward accelerated growth and global adoption. With our full leadership team now in place and our strengthened focus on execution, growth and accountability, I strongly believe we are well positioned to win. I would like now to take a few minutes to recap the progress made during the quarter in executing our initiatives and to share with you some of the exciting recent developments. Our U.S. commercial restructuring and expansion efforts are just about complete and we continue to strengthen our capabilities through our expanded sales organization and focus on marketing activities. Our new sales incentive and training programs along with rigorous performance measures to drive greater accountability are delivering positive results on new patient starts, leads and revenue generation, which position us well for accelerated growth in the second half of the year. We had a very successful presence in the American Diabetes Association Trade Show on Boston in June and hosted [indiscernible] to showcase our OmniPod, our next-generation PDM and our data integration partnerships. We generated a record number of leads at the show and we conducted viable market research with overwhelming positive feedback. We hosted an exciting and well-attended symposium which included a panel discussion by three individuals involved with the artificial pancreas initiative and we had very positive partnership, scientific advisory board and investor meetings. So, overall, ADA was big success for us this year. We continue to work on our next-generation PDM with the ultimate goal of developing artificial pancreas. In addition to the many benefits of our new PDM will provide, we are focused on integrated CGM and ultimately fast tracking in artificial pancreas solution. In addition, given the significant improvements we have made over the past six to nine months to refine and improve our standard operating procedures within the quality and regulatory organizations, we want to be very carefully and thoughtfully ensure all these improvements are fully integrated within our new PDM. With that said, our management team and I have been focused on driving a culture of continuous improvement and accountability across all functions including product development. And in an effort to incorporate viable customer feedback from our ADA market research and our more recently implemented quality and reliability improvements, we're delaying the submission of our next-generation PDM by a few months. We still anticipate a 2016 launch and launched into the market just a few months later, a little bit later in the year. On the market access front, Medicare and Medicaid coverage remains my highest priority and we continue to make multiple – to pursue multiple parallel paths to secure coverage as quickly as possible. Since my last update last quarter, we've had several very productive meetings with CMS and we've been reading with legislators and efficacy groups as well. With that, operator, I'd like now to open the call for questions.
Patrick Sullivan: Robert, I guess I would say there's no change from what I provided a the J.P. Morgan conference back in January. On a worldwide basis, it was 75,000 patients at the end of last year. It was about 75% U.S., 25% outside U.S. split, and the attrition rate remains about 9%.
Patrick Sullivan: The agreement that we – the commercial agreement we have in place today is related to Neulasta with Amgen.
Patrick Sullivan: The other commercial agreement we have is with Ferring. All other agreements that we have in hand, as I've said earlier, are early-stage confidential agreements with pharmaceutical companies.
Patrick Sullivan: Yeah. I think as I – I guess I'm in month 11 since joining back in last September. I think one of the things that has become clear to me is that we need to step up our innovation. I think the company had some challenges with the new generation of the OmniPod launch. In 2013 or 2014, we've talked a lot about – but now focusing engineering resources on the next generation PDM that we've talked about coming to market next year. And also initiatives in the artificial pancreas that we need to put some resources in that initiative, and I think there's other opportunities for us to continue to grow out the drug delivery capabilities that we have, increase our investments there to provide for what we think is a spectacular opportunity in that particular market space.
Patrick Sullivan: We've completely completed our sales force expansion. We're at about 150 people in the field right now and have no plans at the moment for future sales force expansion. I would say that the other thing Shacey has done since she came back, she came in February, was I think really focus the sales organization, focusing them in targeted accounts where really the high prescribing offices identifying those through some marketing research that we did as well as, I think, providing for increased execution against bonus and incentives and all those other elements of sales force execution.
Patrick Sullivan: I don't have any additional insight on the recurring base. I would say it's probably similar to what you've probably seen before.
Patrick Sullivan: I would say on your second question, we have the capability of putting a Bluetooth capability in the pod.
Patrick Sullivan: The ASPs have not changed. The attrition rate remains at 9%. And new patient starts were up 20%. I can't – I can't reconcile your model at this point, but perhaps we can take it offline.
Patrick Sullivan: Yeah. I think the quality issues that I was referring to relate to the product issues associated primarily with the launch of the new OmniPod insulin delivery system back in 2013 and 2014. Those issues remained. They were product performance issues during – into 2013 and 2014. Those issues have largely been remediated. But I would say there's always, in any disposable product, or any product, for that matter, there's always sustaining engineering efforts that companies undertake to continuously improve the performance of the product in the field. And that's where we're in right now, the sustaining engineering portion of supporting that product in the field, and we'll always be making improvements.
Patrick Sullivan: Yeah, Robbie. I would just add to that. We did add $15 million, as I described at the JPMorgan Conference back in January, to the sales and marketing line item budget. But I think as going through the year here, it's – I came to the realization that we really need to continue to build the infrastructure to support $1 billion business opportunity that we see five to six years from now. And I think that the level of spend that you described back in 2011 and 2012 or earlier in the company's history did not provide for that foundation to be put in place across the organization, in engineering, manufacturing, R&D, quality regulatory, et cetera. And we're building that foundation, our expense profile will – shows that, but it's upward getting to $1 billion in revenue five or six years from now. And there's a very clear path to get there.
Patrick Sullivan: Well, I guess I would just comment on where we see things as opposed to commenting on the Street's expectations. But as I say, I believe that we've got four points that are nonrecurring in nature, but given the mix profile and the opportunities here, I think, in the near term, I think that those numbers you described are higher than what we're expecting in terms of the – this year. As I look out forward, as I say, I expect us to be reaching about 60%, but that – that's going to take us some time to get there. And so – yeah. That's how I see the gross margin coming together at this point.
Patrick Sullivan: Well, I would say that the aspirational goal of hitting $1 billion in revenue five to six years now is one that we have as an organization and are more focused on. I don't think I'm prepared today to give you the breakout of where that could come from. I think that there are tremendous opportunities in drug delivery. There's tremendous opportunities increasing our international OmniPod business, as well as our domestic OmniPod business with the improvements in the product roadmap that we've outlined in front of us. So I think there's a – we see a clear path to get there and I think we hope to share that with you in a not too distant future.
Patrick Sullivan: I would say from my perspective, everybody that has type 1 diabetes should be on insulin delivery system principally the OmniPod. I think we got the best drug insulin delivery system on the market. But I will tell you the impediments to that market adoption, that widespread market adoption, I believe are the lack of clinical benefits and economic benefits that have not been provided to the insurance carriers who were paying for these therapies. So I think that we have a – we've been working a lot on putting together clinical evidence as well as economic benefit and marketing that to the clinicians and to the insurance carriers. From my perspective, that's the largest obstacle to a very widespread adoption of the technology broadly as a marketplace. So I think we're working to fix that. And I think that given the benefits of pump therapy, everyone should be on pump therapy.
Patrick Sullivan: We have the capability to put a Bluetooth low-energy device in the OmniPod device itself. Yes, we can do that. Another question – you would have to make a manufacturing change obviously to do that to incorporate into product, but it's not difficult to do.
Patrick Sullivan: Great. Thank you. Before the call ends today, I would really like to reiterate that we are very pleased to report second quarter revenue results coming in ahead of our expectations. Our focus on driving growth is beginning to yield positive results and validates the recent organization and operational changes we've made. While we've got work to do, we strongly believe our revenue results demonstrate our success in executing our key initiatives and our game-changing OmniPod technology can win in the market with a proper focus and execution. We are still in the early stages of a transition. Our senior leadership team is now having a very early and significant impact. I'm incredibly proud and energized by what I'm seeing from the new team and from all the employees at Insulet who work tirelessly every day to raise awareness about our product and to drive results. We're in a clear path to growth and with positive remaining – and with very positive momentum heading into the second half of the year. We look forward to sharing with you our further progress and reporting our results at future conference calls. Thanks.
Daniel Levangie: Yeah. This is Dan. We've said in the past that Amgen represents the lion share of our revenues in drug delivery. We're not going to give any further visibility into the breakout of revenues. But I would say we're very enthusiastic about what we're seeing with our relationship with Amgen and we're very bullish about our prospects for the year.
Daniel Levangie: We don't have access to end user information. I think our partners, either Ferring or Amgen or both, would be the best source of that information. We get a forecast from me to those companies. We build to that forecast and ship product.
Daniel Levangie: Yeah. We can't give a lot of detail. These agreements are with earlier stage development projects, agreements are confidential. I will just remind everyone that the timelines associated with these development projects are in terms of years, not months. So in the three- to seven-year timeframe is when you would expect to see revenue from any of these agreements.
Daniel Levangie: This is Dan. So I don't think we're going to confirm pricing to Amgen. You could imagine that's not something we would do, and the device is different than the insulin delivery device and you would expect it to cost a little bit more to make that device than our OmniPod device they're delivering.
Michael Levitz: Well, just in terms of the drug delivery business, so we said at midpoint of $25 million. So, I think you could view a range of between $23 million and $27 million, to be at that midpoint. I think that there is a potential for upside which, as I said, would support the upper end of our range but it's still early to tell. We're pleased with the results so far. In terms of the U.S. OmniPod business, I think our view there is around $180 million to $185 million.
Michael Levitz: I think what we described is mid to upper teens in terms of our expectations for international growth. Ypsomed has been talking about growth north of 40%. And so there's – I think that's where the real demand is coming from. As you know, last year, there were some challenges coming after the EROS launch. And so we had certain distributors that were taking on more product to make sure they had product to meet the demand. And so that impacts the year-over-year comparisons, but now that we have – they've taken down their inventory levels quite considerably, I think that as we move forward in future periods beyond this year that we're going to be seeing straight demand based growth in line with what Ypsomed has been talking about.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. I would say that I think that we expect our R&D to be north of 10% for the next – this year and for the next probably a couple of years, and then we expect that to start to move down. So, I think that's a reasonable range, but I'm not prepared to give a specific range on OpEx. But I think the key story there is we do believe there are some very exciting opportunities for investment. We think that it will pay off quite nicely in terms of our opportunities in the OmniPod area and drug delivery as well. And so we do expect some increased investment.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. I think the guidance, as I see it, to get the $40 million given where we are halfway through the year, in the mid teens, I don't see deceleration. I see it being fairly consistent through the second half of the year.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. I think there are a couple of things. First of all, as I said, I think we had about 4 points of drag because of with what we believe to be non-recurring scrap or warranty costs related to the improved product quality and I think, as Pat said, we're in the midst of the voluntary recall and those other things. So I think that there are going to be some costs as we go into the third quarter. In terms of the year-over-year gross margin, I think that was around 50% last year in the second quarter, rounding-wise, and we are about 4 points shy of that year-over-year. In terms of the first quarter, I think one of the things that impacts our business is mix. And our strongest product mix from a gross margin standpoint comes from our U.S. OmniPod sales and our drug delivery sales, to the extent that we have a higher growth in other areas. Then, that is not as positive to our gross margin. So I think mix will have an impact as we go forward. In terms of the longer-term goals and expectations for gross margin, honestly, I'm really excited about our opportunities there. I think that we have some real opportunities to have it fixed in front of the number there, as we go forward in future period. But there is work to do to get there.
Michael Levitz: Well, I speak to the gross margin question first. I would say that our direct business is where we have the highest gross margin and our distributor less so. And our distributor business in the U.S. is stronger than our distributor business internationally. So to the extent that our mix changes, it can have a real impact on the gross margin numbers. So our international distributor business is, as I said, on the lower end and that impacts us in a particular period.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. I'm just trying to look in the press release. The $3 million charge in the press release, are you referring to consisting primarily of severance related to recent management change.
Michael Levitz: Yeah. $2.5 million was [indiscernible] warranty charges, we believe, are non-recurring and the $3 million was related to the severance. There was a good amount of management transition, as Pat described.
Michael Levitz: I've had to include all of the different charges I described. It would be kept. The $200 million, as I said, was OpEx, so it would not include the [ph] scrap and warranty because those are in the gross margin line obviously. But in terms of OpEx, it includes all of the severance and related things that would be within our operating expense category.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike, I'll answer and Pat can obviously add any color to it. I think the – our view is we really want to build for a sustained growth and profitability in the future. And what we're finding is that there are opportunities for investments that are, in our view, very straightforward in terms of the value proposition. Those are in – and I think what Pat described earlier is describing expense growth in sales and marketing specifically because that was the initial area of focus. And I think we're seeing the fruit of some of those investments that Shacey described. But what we're also seeing now is that there are opportunities from an innovation standpoint. Whether that's related to the new PDM or whether that's related to artificial pancreas solutions or other areas in drug delivery. Where we believe there is going to be a real payoff, we want to make those investments. So, we are not in this for the short term, we believe that there are some really exciting opportunities.
Michael Levitz: And I would also – this is Mike again. I would just add that we're not just focused on the revenue. I think that, as I say, there are a number of opportunities in margin expansion and operating leverage. So, I think that – I look forward to the opportunity to be able to speak with you, our investors, about our longer-term views. And that's something that we want to get on the schedule here after we've wrapped up our strategic planning efforts. So that, you can better understand where we see the opportunities going forward.
Anthony Petrone: Hi. Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just to stay on Drug Delivery for a moment, just wondering how the Amgen agreement sort of tracks over time, I think if we go back to the initial language around Amgen, it was certainly for one drug which I think is Neulasta at the moment. But potentially, there was a path full with other drugs. So I'm just wondering, is this just Neulasta or eventually do we see multiple drugs out of the Amgen agreement? And then I have a follow-up.
Anthony Petrone: Got it. Maybe just switching gears a little bit to international orders that wasn't touched on here, if we sort of model out the $40 million target for the year, I guess, we're getting third and fourth quarter in the $15 million to $17 million range. So I'm just wondering for modeling purposes going forward, do you sort of see that quarterly range as the go-forward sort of run rate with Ypsomed? Thanks.
Anthony Petrone: Great. Thanks. Maybe, Pat, just to drill down on $1 billion of revenues over time. Is there any maybe outlook as to how much of that comes from drug delivery over time and maybe how much is from maybe even the core type 1 market? And maybe another iteration to that second question there is, can you review for us where you see pump penetration broadly in the U.S. as it stands today and maybe where you think it can go over the next three years.
Shacey Petrovic: Yeah. I mean I think the initial start, the new patient performance is a direct result of the sales force expansion. We have more feet on the street and that increased footprint allows us to better serve our targeted account. So that's clearly driving results and we're excited about what that means for this quarter and what that means for the future.
Shacey Petrovic: I would just say also that our retention rates have remained fairly consistent across the last several periods. We do see an opportunity there because small improvements in patient retention could drive a lot of value for us. So, we do have strategies and focus in that area. But it's been pretty consistent for the last several years.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Most of that occurred in Q1 and some – the remaining occurred in Q2. So, it's now behind us as we look towards the second half of the year.
Shacey Petrovic: I couldn't give you an exact number of what the new patient starts need to be to drive that. But I would say that the combination of increasing new patient starts and increased utilization or reduction in attrition by the existing base I think could clearly get us into that realm.
Shacey Petrovic: I mean there's a number of different sources then they all come out slightly differently but it's approximately 30% to 35% of current type 1 users use pump therapy. And we do see that growing over the horizon.
Suraj Kalia: Good afternoon, everyone. So Patrick, first and foremost, congrats on the progress. A lot of things going on behind the curtain. So I didn't want to diminish what you guys have accomplished in six months. Let me belabor a point, Patrick, if I could. I know this has been asked twice before, at least forgive me if I don't understand this correctly. If attrition rates are the same, utilization the same, again, you have added new reps and the patient starts are up 20%. I'm somehow not – I wanted to ask the same question about reconciling with revenues, and I'm also trying to understand did the ASPs changed, any directional color would be helpful so that we can model it appropriately moving forward.
Suraj Kalia: Fair enough. And Patrick, in terms of the quality issues you mentioned that were – that's a corrective recently, what specifically were the quality issues and would this impact gross margins moving forward? Thank you.
Suraj Kalia: So at least what I heard on the call, Patrick, was there were some quality issues that were remediated because of some initiatives you all have taken. I'm just trying to understand what specific quality issues were remediated, and at the same time, does this cost add an additional cost to your cost line item? Thank you.
