Shacey Petrovic: Okay. So, David, yes, we did take into consideration the competitive dynamics in the market in our guidance for 2017. It just offset by the commercial investments that we're making and what we see so far as strength in leads in the pipeline. So, we're feeling confident in the guidance that we just gave. In terms of international, really it is driven by a lot of the strength that we saw throughout 2016, particularly France as a new market. The uptake there has just been tremendous and probably blew everybody's expectations away really and that's driving significant growth in 2017. It continues to do that. But really there is strength across all of Europe and Canada and so that's just reflected in the guidance for 2017 as well.
Shacey Petrovic: I would just add one more thing on that note, which is that PMA products are not eligible for competitive bidding. So, if you could just fast-forward to 2019, 2020, most pumps are going to be center augmented pumps, which are PMA products and so it -- I'm not sure that it's going to have a material influence if it comes through even on the growth rate behind that competitor -- behind the pump market.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, I think there's opportunity. There's certainly a lot of energy and advocacy behind seeing progress on the artificial pancreas front. That said, in many cases, the funding comes with other strings attached to it. And so it's just a business decision in terms of whether or not we want to take advantage of that type of funding or not. Either way we're committed to making progress in our program. We're making really exciting progress on the Horizon product and I don't think for that particular product that we're going to need or tap into private funding. But who knows, it's a long-term program. We see iterations on that product in the future after we launch Horizon.
Shacey Petrovic: In U.S., we'll probably -- let's see the 15% installed base is what we saw in the U.S. in terms of revenue growth that's driven by primarily the growth in the installed base.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. And we see that in Q4. Q4 was I think 17% growth year-over-year and that's pretty much what we're forecasting besides the royalty in 2017.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, I mean our leads were incredibly robust. In fact they were at record rates. They still are at record rates in Q1. And so what we didn't really appreciate in November on that call was the delay in the conversion rate from lead to new patient shipment. And so that is -- that's basically what drove that. But one of the reasons it wasn't readily apparent is that it doesn't impact revenue performance in any meaningful way and so at the end of the day, we're really excited about the robust interest in pipeline and that's reflected in our guidance. And what we're trying to get you guys focused on is just the growth in installed base of as opposed that compounding growth rate in new patient starts, because it's much more indicative of revenue growth.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, so just seasonally, Q1 is always our lowest volume and lowest growth rate quarter for just a number of dynamics around the industry in the U.S. The other thing that's working against us is the royalty rate, so that starts in Q1 and so you see both of those of things in Q1. But in terms of acceleration, I think it's just our typical seasonality in the business, there's nothing other than that.
Shacey Petrovic: It's not net, so that's pre-attrition. And Tao -- I guess for everybody, the reason we're giving you that clarity is just to try to help you all understand. We know what's the beginning of the year, you're probably looking to reset your models and we just really want you to understand the drivers behind the revenue for the U.S. OmniPod business in particular, which is the installed base. And so we're going to be focusing more and more on just the growth in the installed base, which obviously factors in new patient growth as well as attrition rate.
Shacey Petrovic: Just timing on their forecast, really the -- our guidance is based on Amgen's forecast and I think that's just the timing of orders issue.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes, so in terms of the rollout for Dash, we will as any good company would do, we'll do a limited market release. So that will probably take us through the first quarter I would guess of 2018. And then we'll role it out both to our installed base and to new users and we're still finalizing some of the details around that commercial strategy. So, what I will say because I think sometimes we all get wrapped up in know how these lunches work for other players in the market. Again, because of our business model, it's not hugely problematic. So, if, for example, customers held off on -- first of all, we just right new patient starts, don't really drive meaningfully any revenue in a given quarter. So, if they hold off, it's not too impactful. And in our base, we're not counting on our base to cannibalize itself and opt-in for this new technology because our revenue is coming from Pod. So, we've got a lot of flexibility in terms of how we can launch this product and it's not going to mean that customers hold off for a quarter and its potentially challenging for our revenue. But we do believe it's going to be very differentiated. It will be the best user experience and interaction on the market today. So, we think it will be very attractive, particularly for our targeted segment, which are those multiple daily injection users. So, we are forecasting for that to drive value for us in 2018.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. So, as I said the competitive dynamics are factored into our U.S. guidance. So, that is true. And in 4, we added thousands of patients, so it was a successful quarter for us; just simply people were delaying their decision-making process. And that was reflected in the conversion rate. So, that's sort of how it's impacting us. These aren’t lost leads. We categorize all of our patients in the consideration process and so we do know that they remain in the pipeline. The pipeline is stronger than it ever has been before. And so we're optimistic and it's taking some time for our people to do their research and kind of make their final decisions. And in so far in this -- so far in this year, we're seeing similar results, really slightly delayed conversion rate, but very strong record breaking leads in the pipeline, both coming in and as that pipeline grows and so we're feeling very good about where we are so far this year and that's reflected I think in the guidance.
Shacey Petrovic: That's right. No, that's existing growth, primarily from some of the -- the really high growth rates are from some of the early markets like France and Italy that we've entered into in last two years.
Shacey Petrovic: But I'll add that you will see more OmniPod Horizon data at ADA. We're excited to have podium and poster presentations there and Horizon will be highlighted.
Shacey Petrovic: And we have had patients reach out to us looking for support or the opportunity to transition to OmniPod. And so we're fully prepared and we've got programs to help patients do that. We want people to have [Indiscernible] care obviously. But as I like to remind the sales team, so I'll take this opportunity to do it. Our number one competitor is multiple injections and so that's where 70% to 80% if not more of our patients come from in any given time period. And that's where we're focused. That's where OmniPod can provide 86% reduction in burden and that's our primary competitor right now.
Shacey Petrovic: Actually Roche is not accepting new patients in the U.S. anymore, so really it's just about Medtronic and uniramous.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, we actually track that very carefully and while we've seen expansion in both, the primary driver of the growth is more penetration in existing accounts as opposed to expansion broadly of prescribers. But both are happening. It's just that the penetration or the same-store sales is definitely driving more than -- and we think Glooko is a big contributor to that as clinicians understand and can identify more patients in their practice that can benefit from OmniPod.
Shacey Petrovic: You did. Yes. We are down to age six now, so the second IDE study that we completed was adolescent down to age six. And it's been very important to us from the beginning to be able to serve all of our customer population with Horizon and obviously, pediatric remains one of our fastest-growing elements of our patient population. And so we're intent, we're actually committed to ensuring that we will be able to serve all kids. In fact, our discussions with the FDA, they want us to come out with an indication down to two. So, and we have users down to two, so we certainly want to be able to do that as well. I don't know how to -- there can't be direct comparison today between Horizon and 670 or the algorithm. Although at ADA last year, on Frank Doyle did present data that demonstrated that MPC was performed better than a PID algorithm. So, that could be part of why we feel comfortable. But I'm going to say that the data looked great. We are very excited and totally committed to being to launch with a pediatric indication.
Shacey Petrovic: In terms of market share which as I think Suraj what you were asking is that best data that we can refer to is at close concerned market research and that would demonstrate that we have somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% to 17% share of the pump market and a higher percent of new patient selecting a pump. But again we don't -- we really -- I know it might be hard to believe, but we don't pay a lot of attention to that data because our focus is on MDI patients and growing the market as opposed to taking share from tubed pump.
Shacey Petrovic: They -- and Amgen I know made it public that they are in I think Costa Rica and potentially one other international market. And we understand that there's about 400,000 doses internationally. So, it does definitely represent a strong growth opportunity for us. But again that's for Amgen to execute on and we're supporting them in their international expansion plan. And the other question was about Libre, I think we've got a great partnership with Abbott. We like the Libre product. We know there are lot of customers -- a lot of overlap in the customers in Europe. People who are using both OmniPod and Libre and really getting dramatically reduced burden and a great customer experience. And so I think that's a nice opportunity. We have ongoing discussions about our pipelines and opportunities for continued partnership and development. But I don't have anything specific to comment on in terms of integration of Libre.
Shacey Petrovic: If we look at just market access opportunity, it's probably an additional 40% or so of patients that we don't have access to because of Medicaid, Medicare and small regional payers. And so that's where we're focused. And I think what we've said in the past, I don't know about Medicare specifically by itself, but Medicare and Medicaid together represent about 30% of that opportunities. So, another 10% tied to regional payers. And we're making good progress on Medicaid. And as Pat said we remain confident that Medicare will happen, is just a matter of when.
Patrick Sullivan: No conference call would be completed without an update on Medicare coverage. So, during 2016, we made significant progress to secure Medicare reimbursement and our interactions with CMS had been primarily with CMS courier staff. I was very hopeful to get a decision in January between the change -- before the change of the administration, but as the expected, as soon as the new administration took over, all actions across the government and policy decisions within CMS were put on hold and CMS has communicated that they hope to resolve this issue as soon as the new appointees are put in their jobs. So, I think it's simply a change in the administration and there was no -- in fact, we -- there no expectation in our guidance for Medicare reimbursement in 2017, David.
Patrick Sullivan: Yes, I think the news that came out of Medicare on the competitive bidding for Part D Medicare applies specifically the tube pumps technology, which are durable medical equipment. CMS has never considered as durable medical equipment thus far. And I would say that as we look at coverage options, they can do Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D, we actually think we fit better in the Medicare Part D. But I think that in terms of our position within CMS, I think we have a very strong position with coverage of OmniPod under either Medicare Part B or D and I have every conference we're going to get Medicare coverage just as usual can't say exactly when. As I often said, the only thing is certain is April 15th is tax deadline and we're working with the government.
Patrick Sullivan: And Mike this is Pat, I'd like to just amplify the response a little bit more. What the 13% versus 20% in new patient represents? Its approximately 800 customers difference year-over-year. That is about a little over $2 million in revenue in 2017 or its less than 1% of our revenue at the midpoint. So, that 7% delta only represents 1% of our total revenue for 2017. And I think it really points out the really strength of our business model. Unlike tubed pumps, we have a very predicable revenue model. We just think of our installed base coming into -- or at the end of 2016 and look out to 2017. 85% of our revenue -- our OmniPod revenue in 2017 was basically being provided for by the installed base at the end of 2016, apply that net of attrition and the royalty. If we only get the same number of new patients starts as we had in 2016, that's another 12.5%, or almost 13% and the new patient growth year-over-year represents only about 2% to 2.5%. So, Shacey mentioned, we have a very predictable revenue model given the strength of the installed base and a new patient year-over-year growth is really a very, very small percentage of the overall revenue for the company. As we said before, 90% -- 10% of our revenue usually in any given quarter comes from new patient starts. Some of that is -- we're getting the same number as last year and then the growth on top of that is only about 2%. So, we're very bullish about all the things we're doing this year to grow the new patient starts and continue to grow the business. But the 13% versus 20% is really a red herring.
Patrick Sullivan: Yes, particular when you consider the national advertising campaign that's on every television show that I've seen. The Onpro kit is all over the direct-to-consumer advertising campaign.
Patrick Sullivan: Just one other amplification to that. One of the beauties of this new product and the new product launch is that the Pod will essentially be in the same configuration and most, if not, all of the components would be the same with the exception, primarily the Bluetooth chip that will be in the new generation Dash Pod. So, the manufacturing lines in China will -- we will convert those over and they will be -- they will have the ability to produce either of the new Dash Pod or the previous configuration Pods. And we'll be able to throttle this launch from a production standpoint very, very and we'll take the product launch in a very measured way to make sure that we do everything right this time.
Patrick Sullivan: What we're planning for 2017 is deeper penetration, primarily for the markets that we're in, so we won't be expanding into other markets with Ypsomed. And that's primarily because we're in discussions with them about the contract extensions, so we want to get those resolved before we continue to enter into new markets with Ypsomed.
Patrick Sullivan: Yes, I think if you go back to our targeted timeline that we provided on Investor Day, there's a slide in that deck that outlines the Horizon artificial pancreas timeline. We've remained on-track with that timeline and I would say it's too early to talk about the launch until we get further through the process with the pre-pivotals and the pivotal trials for the FDA submission.
Patrick Sullivan: Well, the opportunity set as I've mentioned before on Neulasta is about 1.2 million doses potential in the United States. And there is some international market opportunity. But all of that conversion is in the hands of Amgen. They -- we provide product through them and they go through the conversion process with their clinician, their hospitals. So, from my perspective, every dose should be in an Onpro kit because the benefit it provides to their physicians, the payers, and patients, but ultimately that's in Amgen's hand. And I would say that their -- from our perspective, we know that they are very pleased and happy with their performance and the penetration they have had -- I think probably think of the opportunities like we do.
Patrick Sullivan: There's no implication of a market penetration rate in the guidance that we provided. We provide product to Amgen and they provide it to the physicians and they give us purchase orders. There's not an implication -- it's not our position to give you an implied penetration. That's for Amgen to provide the market.
Patrick Sullivan: Well, Danielle I believe that anytime you have disruptions and the market is going through some changes, there's opportunities for other people to benefit. And we're making investments to make sure that we benefit from any disruptions that are occurring in the tubed pump market. We have a unique product platform with a lots of freedom provided to patients and it would be our intent to make sure that we get our fair share of any disruptions the marketplace that may occur.
Patrick Sullivan: Well, first of all, with Amgen growing international opportunity, we know they are exploring in international opportunity. That again is within their control and we don't -- they need to do all of the regulatory work to make sure that they provide the products in international markets. But that is something that I know they are working and it wouldn’t necessarily involve us other than support for any regulatory clearance that they might need.
Patrick Sullivan: Thank you, operator. I'll finish where I started. I am absolutely thrilled with Insulet's performance in 2016. Our team has done a remarkable job in driving our performance and positioning us for a continued success. We have the right tools to win and achieve our goal of a $1 billion in revenue in 2021. We have strong momentum across all areas of our business and we fully expect this momentum to continue. Our line of sight is sustainable topline growth and above market profitability becomes clear every day. And we are even more confident than ever in our ability to drive and deliver long-term shareholder value. I'd like to close by thanking the Insulet employees for your hard work and dedication to ease the burden and improve the lives of people who are living with diabetes and other disease. I'd also like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and we very much look forward to sharing our significant progress with you during 2017. Thank you.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. So, principally it’s the installed base that's the biggest driver of it. There are other factors that can be involved in terms of mix and pricing and there also in 2015 versus 2016, in the early part of 2016, there was destocking and so that played into it as well. That was -- it's pretty much in line. The main driver going forward is really given the recurring revenue business is really the installed base and that's what we've been talking more about that.
Michael Levitz: Yes, and this is Mike. I would just say, we do expect the growth to accelerate through this year and we're excited we just added 20% growth in sales force and a number of initiatives. And so we're seeing growing demand and we expect the growth to continue to extend or expand through the year.
Michael Levitz: And Tao this is Mike, I mean just to be clear so, there was -- to back up Shacey's point, it was roughly a run rate of about $15 million for the first three quarters of Q3. They had an order there and the business grew in the fourth quarter and we're going to see growth in that business -- nice growth in that business this year as well. So, the run rate in Q1 is higher than the first three quarters last year.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. So, you're right. So, there is a headwind from the royalty moving away. But that really doesn't have that meaningful of an impact directionally. As I said moving to 60% as our one year view after that with our five-year target, we're really excited about. And that is as your point reflective of the fact that we do have unfavorable mix. We don't calculate or measure gross margin for the international business versus the direct business, but directionally, it definitely carries lower gross margins. It’s a different business model for us and that a lot of it is through distributor. And so you get a lower gross margin but you don't the carry same operating expenses that you would in a direct business. And so the guidance that we are providing does factor in an unfavorable mix because the international business is growing so significantly. But some of that is coming from our direct business internationally as well which is growing very nicely, although that is a small part of the business. But what's really the driving the gross margin expansion is what we've been talking about at the Investor Day back in November and it's just the tremendous operational performance and that's going to only be augmented when we move to the U.S. manufacturing here in the next couple of years.
Michael Levitz: And this is Mike, just to add on the guidance piece. So, so as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we had a significant beat. That was principally in the United States and our guidance and our expectations reflected an expectation that would be some disruption or some impact of the 670G and we were really pleased to see that impact was -- really didn’t impact us in any meaningful revenues in the fourth quarter. And I would say that the same thought process is involved in our thinking for 2017 and that we really want to be thoughtful about the guidance and we believe the midpoint is realistic, but the high end of the guidance is certainly attainable and we'll see when launches and other market dynamics out there how our guidance evolves through the year, but we're very excited about the opportunities that we have, that's why we're adding the significant amount of salespeople to manage the growth in demand.
Michael Levitz: This is Mike. No, and I would say the reason why is because when we take orders from Ypsomed, they are not telling us orders, it's not -- they give an order for how much product they want. We may ultimately find out what countries they go into, but we're selling to Ypsomed and they are managing the channel to various countries. So, you really can't say for certain when you're shipping something what countries going to go to. That said I think it's fair to say the growth that we've seen and why you see an outside growth when you look year-over-year for Q1 is that the launch of the new markets such as France in the second half of last year really drove a tremendous amount of growth and surfside Ypsomed and therefore surprised us positively. And we -- our guidance expects that that's going to continue, but at some point, that's going to level off, but we just don't know when that is and we're thrilled with the progress to-date.
