Wayde McMillan: Yes. Hey, Jeff. We would love to start talking about Omnipod 5, but why don’t we go ahead and talk about international for a second. So as you point out, we had a strong Q1 at 10%, and that’s about what we’ve been performing over the last couple years. 11%, 12% performance over the last couple years, 10% Q1. Q2 does look a little higher, but it’s more just some of the choppiness that we see in the international markets due to the distributor nature. And so we do have a bit of a higher growth rate that we’re planning based on some of the order timing there. If you look at the second half growth rate, it offsets it, and then it looks to drive us in for the full year around the 6% to 10% or just double digits at the high end. And we’ve been performing at that level for the last couple years. We think we can continue to drive that at the high end. Really depends on how the second half performance goes. And as you know, we’re not participating in the AID portion of the market internationally. And so right now, DASH is doing really, really well. Without an AID system, we’re still growing double digits internationally. And as you know, we can’t wait to bring Omnipod 5 first to the UK mid-year and then Germany now in the fall, and then to further countries next year. And so we think we’ll significantly improve our performance even above the double digits we’re at now once we get Omnipod 5 and our AID system into that market.
Wayde McMillan: So just, Jim covered it really well. I'll just add quickly on the drug delivery side of things. We have a great partnership with Amgen, and we're very proud of the fact that our technology combined with their product has really helped them continue to sell their product and defend against biosimilars given our delivery device. And so we do think it's going to have a long tail, Joanne, we would expect it to be several years, if not five or more years, that will continue to provide the product for them. We're not going to guide, as Jim said, it's a lumpy business just based on the order patterns. But we think we'll continue to provide that product. The overall strategy for the drug delivery business has not changed for us, although there are many growth options for us there. We are laser focused on the diabetes side of the business. And we've got so many investment opportunities to grow the diabetes side of the business and invest and create value that we are just not turning our focus to drug delivery at this time. But it still remains as growth options for us out there in the future.
Wayde McMillan: Hey Travis, yes. I'm glad you asked because we do have these dynamics with Omnipod 5 as we ramp up. And as you know, we haven't annualized yet. This is just our third quarter ramping with Omnipod 5. And so it does cause some unique dynamics. And we experienced similar stocking. Majority of the $14 million we called out is due to our existing – moving from either Classic Omnipod or DASH onto our new Omnipod 5 system. And when they do that, some customers will get their starter kit and their first reorder in the pharmacy and that creates a onetime volume benefit. We also benefit from new customers who have that same dynamic and then, to a much lesser extent, a small build in the retail pharmacies as retail pharmacies start to stock Omnipod 5 as their foot traffic increases with the rollout. What – so that ended up with $14 million, which is very similar to the $16 million and the $15 million we've had in the last two quarters. What was unique this quarter and added to that, that resulted in a net small headwind, as you mentioned, a $2 million headwind, was the return reserve that we had to put up. So this is a new dynamic for us as the pharmacy channels are switching over from DASH and Classic Omnipod to Omnipod 5, and they're doing it at such an accelerated rate that they have the contractual right to return to us the prior products. And so we set up a reserve. We saw that increase here in Q1. So a portion of that is actuals in the quarter. The rest is a reserve for what we estimate to come throughout the rest of the year. So those are the major drivers for us, including a days-on-hand decrease. And this is for the Omnipod 5 business. And of course, we don't control the inventory levels at our wholesalers. And their inventory goes up and down from time to time. Just a reminder that in Q2 of last year, we saw a $7 million channel increase for Omnipod 5. So in some respects, this is just giving that back and leveling out the channel here. It took a few quarters for that to happen. So we're going to keep a close eye on it, but we want to make sure whenever we see a change, material change in days on hand, we call it out for you all. And then in reference to the guide, Travis, we do see really strong momentum. We've set record new customer starts in the U.S. for multiple quarters. And so that's what gives us confidence in raising the growth rate for Q2. And then comparatively, when you're looking at first half to second half growth percentages, the second half is when we annualize Omnipod 5 from the prior year. And so it's a much tougher comp. And then inside of that, we have our remaining customers converting from Classic and DASH to Omnipod 5, which will start to ramp down in the second half of this year, and we think we'll be through most of the eligible customers to convert. And so we won't get as much benefit in the second half of this year as we did in the second half of last year. And so that compounds the tough comp a bit. But if you're looking at the pure growth rates on an extrapolated basis, for the U.S., we're looking at the second half in – at the high end, over 20%, low 20s growth rate at the high end. And so that's what we're focused on, continuing to drive the business, even with a tougher comp, well over 20%. And so that's the major dynamics. We've got plenty of year to go yet. So we increased the second half growth rate because we've got good line of sight to that given our annuity model. We're going to continue to monitor the second half, and we'll provide further updates as we go throughout the year.
Wayde McMillan: Matt, it’s Wayde. Happy to take that and I think Jim covered it well, but maybe just a couple things I could add to that. I think as Jim said, one of the best indicators we have is that there are some type 1 endocrinologists that are already have more than 70% of their type 1s on a pump. So that’s a clear early indicator. One of the other things we’re looking at is the pediatric penetration rate, which is much higher than the adult penetration rate, already in excess of 50%. And so that tells us that as the population ages over time, we’re already seeing a higher penetration rate out of the pediatric space. So it’ll just be a natural increase in penetration as the population of people on pumps increases. And of course, we’re the market leader in impedes and really driving that early penetration rate for type 1s. And so the rate of change, I think is a great question that you have. It’s going to be interesting to see how the market curve develops here. But just one other thing I would add, Jim mentioned that we’re bringing – we’ve got a chock full list of innovations to bring to market. This early indicator where we see some clinics already over 70%, and that’s before we bring CGM of choice, before we bring iOS, before we bring software and hardware improvements over time. And the competition is also improving their products over time. And so I think between all of us, we’re going to bring great technology for people with diabetes and for our customers here and just going to have much better technology solutions for delivery of insulin. And so that’s what gives us the confidence that we can take this to 70% and above. And of course, Jim covered this, but the CGM early indicator, they are paving the way for us in all markets now, even just the basal only market, which is one of the great things about the Omnipod GO program, but just sticking with the type 1 in the U.S. and the pump market given that CGMs are up at 80% today, and we know that we bring more customers to CGM as well, so there’s a lot of other early indicators there that tell us that we can get this penetration to 70% or above over time. But it’s a great question on the rate of change. We’ll see how that market develops. The good news is we have many other growth platforms, obviously our leadership position in type 2 in the U.S. and then our international expansion plans and bringing our Omnipod 5 AID system to international markets, and then of course, expanding our offerings with Omnipod GO in the basal only market. So, lots to get excited about with our innovation pipeline today.
Wayde McMillan: Yes, Steven great question to think down the P&L as well, we’ve got a lot of momentum on the top line and we think that we’re going to be adding significant value with gross margin and operating margin expansion over time. Focusing here on the gross margin, and to your question, medium to long-term, we’re not putting numbers on it, but we know we’ve got a lot of tailwinds. We’re not assuming the component higher inflationary costs to improve, but we’re also not assuming they get worse from here. We’re assuming they’ve sort of leveled out and that’s what we’re going to live with for some time. And so assuming the inflationary environment then stays flat for us, the built-in benefits that we have with scaling the business, additional volume and the move, the geographic mix of growing the U.S. faster as well as the move into the pharmacy channel is all going to provide us some tailwinds to gross margin. The other side of the coin, what we have to watch is how fast we expand internationally. And just given that we use a distributor model there, our gross margins are sometimes lower. That doesn’t mean our operating margins are lower because we obviously have a lower cost to serve where we use the distributor market there. And so it’s going to be a combination of those things, but we’re not going to put numbers to long-term guidance at this point, but we do think we can continue to grow gross margins over time. And we’ve had a long-term goal of getting to 70%. We still think that’s in view over the medium horizon here. But we just have to manage all of these dynamics continue to improve our manufacturing performance, which is also another driver for us. And that’s going to help us work our way to 70% over time.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Larry. Thanks for your congrats on the quarter. We’re very happy with the quarter too. Yes, I think the key point, we don’t have a timeframe on that overall pump penetration. I think the key point we’re trying to make is that Omnipod 5, the Omnipod platform and especially Omnipod 5, are fundamentally different and better from tube pump offerings that were first introduced into the market. And because of that, they’re so simple to use that as the market goes through a learning curve, we firmly believe we’re seeing hints of it all right, right now already, and we firmly believe that more and more people will both consider using a pump, a wearable pump, and more and more doctors will consider putting patients onto an Omnipod 5 platform product that they wouldn’t have considered a year ago. It’s just because the easy use is so high effect. If we go back to ADA last year, one of our investigators finished his talk about Omnipod with the statement that given this offering, it’s now the case that everybody in the market should be considered for pump therapy. And so we think that those penetration models, which everybody has been talking about and banging [ph] around numbers for quite a long time, are really obsolete. We think that Omnipod 5 is going to bring more and more people to market. That’s going to be true in type one where CGM is already very well penetrated and has paved the road for us. We think it’ll be even truer for us in the type two market because people with type two diabetes have such a burden in managing their disease. It’s very difficult for them to get approved for insulin pumps. It’s very difficult for them to manage everything they’re doing along with the tube insulin pump. We think the simplicity of Omnipod 5 is going to drive penetration on that market as well. We see it as a huge opportunity.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Robbie. We’re really bullish on the coming five years for our business and for our growth trajectory. And the mix of the – mix of patience for us MDI versus competitor, has moved a little bit in the quarter and that sort of thing. I’ll just say a couple of things. The first one is we have the best offer on the market. So if you’re just thinking competitive, sort of the three main competitors in the market. Our offering is clearly superior. We’re clearly winning in the market right now. We’re taking – we’re bringing a lot of people out of MDI into the market, and we’re taking competitive share and driving competitive switching, which continues to run ahead of our historic pattern and ahead of frankly our expectations and in terms of competitive switching. But we don’t think about the market that way. The way we think about the market is not as a zero sum game amongst the pump players. We think of the market as a market with literally tens of millions of people that need insulin therapy that need a much simpler solution. And so our entire offer is geared to bring people off of multiple daily injections and all of the burden of multiple daily injections into a simple wearable, disposable, waterproof pump. That requires them to not have to do a lot of calculations, don’t do finger sticks and just manage their condition that way. And so we’re extremely bullish. We have a very clear lead on the whole package. We have a fantastic algorithm. And the whole package for Omnipod 5 is so simple. The wear experience is simple. The channel access is simple. The economics are great for patients. The economics are great for payers. So overall, we’re extremely bullish on the ongoing growth. And given our lead, we’re just going to extend that lead. We have tons of innovation coming in the pipeline and our reorganization is going to allow us to move even faster with that. So we think our – we love the momentum we have right now. We intend to continue it, and we think the midterm, long-term outlook is really, really strong for us.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Margaret, for the question. It's a great question. We think – first thing I'll say is it's – the logic of it is such that, right. So to me, the Omnipod 5 offering is just so compelling that – and what we see when we have patient feedback is the ease of usage is so high, and we get these messages from patients literally every day. And we think it's just – there's a compelling logic for people to be using Omnipod 5 instead of MDI. And it's a better life experience. It's better outcomes with MDI. And so just on the weight of that, it's really important. I'll point out that there are many endo practices right now, where more than 70% of their type 1 users are on a pump, and most of them are on Omnipod 5, right. And so Omnipod 5 has allowed them to bring more of their patients on to Omnipod 5 therapy. And so we see that playing out. But if I just pick up on the other side of your question, which is around channel, a couple of things that I think are just really powerful for us. So the first one is we certainly know, we know that there are PCPs out there who already are heavy writers, obviously have a big part of their focus on treating people with insulin therapy, treating people with diabetes. We have those mapped. We periodically call on them. With Omnipod GO, that's going to be an even more important part of our business. And part of what we'll be doing as we do commercial pilots is figuring out the mix of how we call on those kind of "high writers" in the PCP market. But Omnipod 5's simplicity will also help PCPs feel comfort in writing. And we're seeing an expansion of people who write prescriptions for Omnipod 5. So just – just put some numbers to that. We've said – you've heard us say before that physicians are increasingly comfortable with writing prescriptions for Omnipod 5, and we've seen that learning curve go through the market. In this quarter, we had more than 11,000 health care practitioners who wrote a script for Omnipod 5. And that's in a market where there are just about 7,000 endocrinologists out in the market. So more than 11,000 people writing for Omnipod 5. So we see a lot of evidence that we're going to be able to do exactly what we set out to do as a company when we found it, which is bring a simple, really simplifying offer broadly to the market that's easy for patients to use and easy for physicians to prescribe and easy for people to get access to and get set up on. So we're very bullish on driving more and more penetration, bringing more people in the market. Our play is a growth play. It's not a competitive switching play. And I think that's really important.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. We continue to work really closely with both Dexcom and Abbott, our 2 great CGM partners. We're really pleased to see their continued technology advancements in the market. We were excited to see G7 approved earlier in the year. And as we said and as I said in our prepared comments, we congratulate Abbott on getting both Libre 2 and Libre 3 cleared as iCGM. That's a big accomplishment. So we're very excited to bring sensor of choice to all of our customers as soon as we can. We're making great progress with both partners on completing those integrations. And we haven't guided on timing. I'm not going to speak to what our competitors are going to do, but we're moving as fast as we can. And we're excited to bring those innovations to market just as quickly as we can. In terms of – there's – you've got two big players out there. So your question about penetration in different sensors and who will choose what, we think Omnipod 5 is the best offer in the market. We think it's going to be the best offer for anybody wearing any sensor, which is why we want to bring choice to all of those customers and all of those patients. It's obvious that between those two players, they have millions of patients out there that are already using their sensors. And for us, that creates a kind of a – I think I've said – I've used this metaphor before on these calls. I used to go fishing with my dad. He would always say, well, let's go to the pond that they just stocked with the trout. So as we get out there, we're fishing in a stocked pond. And so they've been paving the road for us. There's lots and lots of patients out there that both of our partners are delivering terrific, wearable on-body experiences in managing their diabetes. And we think that Omnipod 5 will very seamlessly slide into that on-body experience and provide great solutions to people wearing both Dexcom and Libre sensors.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Chris. Obviously, we received clearance for Omnipod GO, which is one of the poles in the tent. We're really excited to get that in such an expeditious way. It's terrific. There's other things that we need to get in place to make sure that we can launch at scale. As you said, one of the main ones is reimbursement. And so we announced when we filed Omnipod GO, actually, if you guys remember just before we filed Omnipod GO, because we wanted to be able to go to payers and start to talk about coverage. And those conversations are going, they're going pretty well. And we expect to be able to have broad enough coverage to launch certainly in 2024. And then the other things we have to figure out is Omnipod GO is a new-to-world offer. So it's in the Omnipod product form factor, but it has no controller, it doesn't take a CGM feed. So it's very, very simple to use. It's a multiple SKU product because each SKU will have a basal rate associated with it. So the way we've designed it is a physician would write a prescription for Omnipod GO 10 units or something very simple like that. But we need to go out and make sure that the customer experience is – we fully understand the customer experience of getting that new-to-world product, and we fully understand the physician experience of writing it and making sure there's appropriate access for everybody. So we'll be doing some pilots to test out those models, to test market reaction and test customer experience and so on. And when we're confident we have those right, we'll move to a commercial launch. We're not gating them on a date. We're not holding back the date. We want to make sure we're ready to launch the experience that we want to deliver to all of our customers, including both patients and health care providers. And we're moving pretty quickly, so we'll move as quickly as we can, but we're going to continue to guide to 2024.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Caitlin. The Omnipod 5 type 2 pivotal is going really well. And just as a reminder, I think we said in the comments, too, today that it's intended to be up to 350 patients across 20 sites in the U.S. And we're already enrolling that, and enrollment is going really well. We have both patients and investigators are really keen to be in that study. And so enrollment is going really, really well. We're really excited about it. And we haven't put a time line on it for everybody, but I'm sure everybody understands what happens is we have to – that's a 90 day – every patient is in the trial for 90 days. So you enroll the patients. Each patient stays in the trial for 90 days, and so there’s a rolling cadence of the patients being in the trial, then the last patient completes, then you gather the data, then you clean the data, then you analyze the data and then when that’s already, we send it into the hands of the FDA. So there’s multiple steps we have to go through. We haven’t put a timeline on that. But we’re very confident first that it’s moving pretty quickly. And second, we’re really confident in the results. You’re doing a trial because you have to get the results to finish the trial. But we know from our feasibility study that we published last year that the results for Omnipod 5 for people with type 2 are terrific, really terrific time in range and significant reduction in actual daily dose of insulin, which is a benefit both to patients and to payers. So we’re very bullish on that. The overall – when you think about the overall landscape, we’re already the leader in type 2 with DASH. We continue to have and enjoy a lot of new customer starts. As a percentage of our new customer starts, most of those are coming onto DASH because that’s where we have an indication for use. So we’re already the market leader in insulin pump therapy with Omnipod DASH. We know we’re getting off-label usage right now for people with type 2 diabetes using Omnipod 5. We don’t promote Omnipod 5 for people with type 2 diabetes, but physicians write it, physicians prescribe it. And so we know we’re seeing that already, which is also an early indication of success for us and we really would love to be able to promote it, which is why we want to get the indication for use. And then Omnipod GO is upstream of intensive insulin therapy. So Omnipod GO designed to really simplify management of their condition for people with type 2 diabetes who are on basal only, which is how most people in the U.S. initiate insulin therapy on a basal rate. So by launching Omnipod GO, we move upstream. We simplified basal rate insulin therapy for people initiating, and then as their needs progress, they’re already used to the Omnipod form factor, how to put on a patch, how to use an Omnipod product. And when they need intensive insulin therapy, we anticipate it being very seamless for them to slide onto. If it’s going to happen tomorrow would be on to DASH, but the timing will probably be such that most of those patients will be progressing onto an Omnipod 5 product once it gets its indication for use. So we think we have a terrific portfolio of offerings already in type 2 and we’re really excited to continue to drive growth in that market and drive solutions for people living with types 2 diabetes.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Jayson. Our intent is to deliver enough evidence into various markets such that we can go and secure reimbursement that we think is more in line with the value that we deliver with Omnipod 5. We think Omnipod 5 delivers a lot of value through its improved patient experience and improved outcomes. And so – and those negotiations are going and will go market by market. And so I think that what you’ll see is we’ll probably have slightly different reimbursements and slightly different levels of premium in any given market depending on what we’re able to prove to those state payers and what we’re able to negotiate over time. We may be also able to ramp reimbursement over time as we’re able to deliver more evidence. But as we’re entering into those conversations, we want to have as much evidence as we possibly can, which is the purpose of that RCT. And as a reminder on that one, it’s a two geography study, it’s U.S. and France. The U.S. – the last U.S. patient is completed. We have about 75% enrolled patients in France, and we expect that to wrap up in the fall. And then we’ll have that as another era in our quiver of evidence as we go and talk to those payers to secure the – what we think is fair reimbursement for the value Omnipod 5 creates.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Sam. We’re really pleased. We’re very excited to be bringing Omnipod 5 to the UK and Germany this year. Obviously since we’re really late in stage and readiness there and we’re all ready to launch those products, the cloud infrastructure and those markets is completely ready to go. And we’re training healthcare practitioners right now and our teams are really excited to launch. So we’ll be doing those, as we said in the summer and then – summer in the UK and then fall in Germany. There is some work to do. The cloud infrastructure is scalable and so we’re in good position in terms of how we’re building that cloud across Europe. There is some specific work market by market to be done. Sometimes it’s technical, sometimes it’s agreement based because the regulations by market are a little bit different in terms of data privacy and security. And the channels are a little bit different. And so you are – as you step into a market, you’re launching a cloud-based offering, you might have a different agreement with a different hospital system, things like that, that have to be worked through. So those are really the steps that we have to do. But we’re excited to get those launches going in Europe and then really excited to continue to cascade across the international geographies in 2024.
Jim Hollingshead: Great. Thank you everybody. Thanks again for joining us today. Obviously we’re thrilled with our start in 2023 and we’re focused on sustaining that momentum for our entire business both for the rest of the year and beyond. The future for Insulet has never looked brighter, and the future for people with diabetes is incredibly bright. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress over the year and next quarter. We’ll see you then. Thanks.
