Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Deb. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we turn to our first quarter results, I'd like to take a moment to talk about this afternoon's announcement that for personal reasons, I will be stepping down from my executive positions at Insulet. After careful consideration over some time, I have made the very difficult decision to reduce my professional obligations in light of medical issues and other circumstances that have been impacting my family and those I care deeply about. Effective June 1, Jim Hollingshead, a member of our Board of Directors since 2019, will succeed me as President and CEO. I am extremely proud of what we have accomplished in my time as CEO. We have made significant strides to improve the lives of people with diabetes while enhancing Insulet's ability to innovate and operate with excellence. Insulet is well positioned for the full U.S. commercial launch of Omnipod 5 and poised for continued growth and impact for shareholders and the diabetes community. I remain profoundly committed to Insulet and the company's long-term success, and I look forward to continuing to serve as a director on Insulet's Board and as an adviser to Jim and the team. I will be working hand-in-hand with Jim to ensure a seamless transition of leadership responsibilities. In recent years, we have made great progress improving the lives of people with diabetes by delivering consumer-focused innovation, growing the company's global addressable market and driving operational excellence. Hundreds of thousands of Podders around the world are leading happier and healthier lives because of our work and dedication. And with Omnipod 5, we will offer significantly improved outcomes and incredibly simplified diabetes management to millions of people across the globe. I have never been more excited or confident about Insulet's future. Insulet has a deep, talented team and is firing on all cylinders and poised for incredible growth. I know Jim well from our service on the Insulet Board together, and I'm delighted that he is the one to step into the role of CEO at this important time. The company will be in great hands under his leadership. He knows our company, our culture and our team and the strong relationships he has fostered with our management team will immediately serve the company well and ensure a smooth transition. His significant experience at the rapidly evolving crossroads of medical technology and digital solutions will also be incredibly valuable to the company. Jim has joined us today, and I'd like to turn the call over to him for a few remarks.
Shacey Petrovic: And to your second question regarding Omnipod 5 and the full market release, we were excited to expand our limited market release. I think Bret and the team did a really smart thing there expanding through specialty and mail-order pharmacies, which is about where 20% of our business goes through today. About 80% of it goes through retail, and we're not yet in retail. But I would just caution anybody from thinking about it as a flip of the switch. So we're going to continue to ramp here towards full market release. And right now, we're going from sort of hundreds of patients to thousands of patients. So of course, I guess, June is still possible, but we have to give ourselves the room to take any learnings that might occur from this move from hundreds of patients to thousands of patients and make sure that we react to those, incorporate those learnings and that we are fully prepared for a full market release and entering into the retail channel when we get there. So hopefully, that gives you good guidance.
Shacey Petrovic: Joanne, yes, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned 35% approximately of our new users were type 2. So it's great to see continued really strong growth, particularly in a record Q1. And as it relates to Omnipod 5, we've been pretty limited there. So it's a very small sample at this point relative to our total base. So we said hundreds of patients and they're coming from all segments because we wanted to test every customer journey that we can. So we're in still process of testing all those customer journeys, so we've got people coming on from MDI, from existing Omnipod users and also from tubed pumps and AID pumps and managing to get really good insights across each of those customer journeys. As we look ahead, we've talked about the fact that today, we get 80% of our new users from multiple daily injections. And it will be really interesting to see what happens with that segment. I think we believe that Omnipod 5 has the power to continue to grow the overall market and bring great better outcomes, better quality of life to people who are relying on multiple daily injections. But we also know that this is a more competitive offering for those people who were choosing AID over form factor and now they can have both. So we're pretty excited to see what that means for our percentages and our ratios and whether or not we have transfer students or new students as we look forward.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Great question. And I think we likely are. And that was Bret's point that, in fact, the fastest way to get on to Omnipod 5, which we know today is indicated for the type 1 user is through Omnipod DASH. So we do believe that part of that is what's driving our record new customer starts and also probably driving a slight shift in percentages there. But I don't want to dismiss the fact that 35% of our new users are type 2. The product Omnipod DASH is still doing tremendous things for that segment, bringing better outcomes and still obviously an incredibly appealing product that's driving great growth there.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Thanks, Brandon. Yes, the data was really strong. It was really great to see. Our feasibility study included type 2 users that were at a pretty low baseline of control. So I mentioned many who had not used the CGM and only one who had used a pump. So really representative of that broad type 2 population out there. Baselines were at 32% time in range for basal-only and 46% time in range for MDI. And depending on that cohort, we saw a 30% to 50% increase in time in range, so quite extraordinary performance there. So I think overall, we feel like we're in a, the feasibility data accomplished what it did or what we set out to do, which is demonstrate that this technology has probably enormous value in the type 2 population. So this supports our discussions. This data supports our discussions with the FDA to determine the right size and design for our pivotal study. This is really the, probably the wrap-up of our feasibility study and then we will move into a pivotal. We believe that pivotal study is likely to look very similar based on our early discussions, very similar to the type 1 pivotal, so hundreds of patients over 3 months looking at similar endpoints. But we need to finalize those discussions. We're in discussions with the FDA on a number of fronts regarding type 2 diabetes. And once we finalize that design and then start recruiting for the pivotal, you guys will be the first to know. And I guess I'd just emphasize that in the meantime, we have this great product with DASH that's making a difference for people with type 2. That will continue to drive value for us. And it also continues to help us learn more and more about the clinician population and the patient population that we're serving with type 2.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Dalam. So I think you all know that it has been the honor of my career to lead the remarkable team at Insulet. And I know the company is in great hands with Jim leading the organization into its next chapter. As you heard today, Insulet is delivering terrific results and is poised for even greater growth and value creation for our shareholders and people with diabetes across the globe as we progress toward the full U.S. commercial launch of Omnipod 5. I am really excited to continue supporting and contributing to our success as a director and adviser. Insulet is just getting started, and our future is very bright. Thanks for your support, your comments today and taking the time to join the call. Have a great afternoon.
Bret Christensen: Just, Robbie, we're selling our strength, still the only tubeless form factor in the market, the simplicity of Omnipod. And then we do believe, again, that the message that the fastest pathway to Omnipod 5 is to get DASH, and that seems to be resonating, and we believe there's a little bit of a lift there as well. But all in all, this is another record quarter for new starts, and we're happy with the performance in the U.S. and around the globe.
Bret Christensen: Travis, it's Bret. I can give a little bit more color on the limited market release to full market release. So it's probably helpful to start with the end and how we are defining the full market release. And we do define a full market release as being in the retail channel, which Shacey said is where 80% of our pharmacy business is today. So this next phase is with a limited distribution network and that just means mostly mail-order and a smaller number of distributors. But it does mean that any physician can write a prescription and any patient that has access and reimbursement can get our product. They just have to go through a channel that maybe they're not currently going through in the pharmacy channel. So it won't be a flip of the switch, as Shacey said. We'll continue to progress in that way. What's exciting, I guess, about this next phase is that it does test our scale. So we started with hundreds, a predetermined number of patients in the LMR. Now we're going to start driving prescriptions, scaling the release. And it will continue to scale until we get to the full market release. We'll continue to learn. And a lot of what we're learning today is around the pathway that patients take to get on product. If you remember, we talked about the limited market release in probably hundreds of different pathways, depending on what a user's current experience is with CGM, with MDI, tubed pumps, et cetera, that they could take a unique training pathway for each of them. So some of the things we're learning in LMR is just how to tweak that experience a little bit to maybe set better expectations with some of those patients so that when they start, they know exactly what to expect with Omnipod 5. And we'll continue to learn, but we're right on track to what we said we would do, which is sometime between 3 and 9 months. We're 3 months in now. And we're excited about this next phase. But the next phase really is after this one really is full market release, and we'll just progress until we get there, which is a retail launch.
Bret Christensen: Sure. Jeff, we're doing a lot of work now to prepare for the launch of Omnipod 5 outside the U.S. And contrasting it to our DASH launch, if you remember when we got approval for DASH, it was pretty quickly that we rolled out to all of our markets internationally and very quickly got to almost 100% of all new starts on DASH. The difference with Omnipod 5 is probably twofold. One, there's infrastructure with the cloud that's going to be unique by country depending on data privacy and different requirements. The other thing is reimbursement. So the reimbursement pathway for each country is different frankly because this is a new category of product where DASH was simply the same category as our legacy product. So there's different reimbursement pathways, different infrastructure to consider. And so you'll probably see more of a staged launch by country outside the U.S. once we do get clearance.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Steven, I can comment probably on the first part and pass it over to Wayde for any color on guidance. But yes, we're really pleased with how the international markets are performing. Of course, there's a ton of optimism and excitement for Omnipod 5. And it's why we are excited to be under CE mark review, and we're working ambitiously to get it to market. Just like the U.S., we know it will make a difference in new starts, in demand and that there's this desire to have the best form factor paired with an AID system. So of course, there's tons of interest outside the U.S. We're trying to manage that with our current base and expectations with our partners over there, but that's why the work is so important that we get it to market, and we're excited about the CE mark. And again, we'll plan accordingly, but we'll phase the launch depending on the readiness of each market, considering the size and opportunity. And we're so excited to get there. And maybe, Wayde, you can talk a little bit about what that means.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Danielle, we spent a lot of time thinking about primary care because as we desire to penetrate the type 2 market, in particular, more vigorously that many of them do reside with primary care. So today, we're getting leads in primary care mainly through our DTC campaigns. We get a lot of patients to see their physician. And so we're sort of reactive for the most part with primary care because we're waiting for a patient to become a lead and then we're reaching out to that particular primary care doc and getting them started on Omnipod DASH. But we also do call on a very small number of primary care physicians, but mainly those that sort of operate like an endocrinologist and write a lot of insulin prescriptions, for instance. We get good information from IQVIA. We know who they are. But we do want to expand more into that segment. I think a couple of things are the challenge with primary care that we have to solve for. One is just their willingness to tackle complexity. And they see pump therapy, in general, has been more complex than something they typically do today. So we have to solve for that. Virtual training is the way we can do that. The simpler we make the product, the easier it is to onboard the pharmacy channel, low co-pays. All those things we're doing will help, for sure. The other thing is just breadth. There's over 200,000 primary care physicians in the U.S. We obviously will have a sales force to tackle that. So we'll look to penetrate primary care in the future through more direct-to-consumer, more digital marketing and then ultimately better solutions and products that more succinctly fit the type 2 segment. But there's a lot of work to do there. Most of the success we're having with type 2 today is within the endocrinology segment, but we know the opportunity is massive and we do get a lot of leads from direct-to-consumer.
Bret Christensen: Jayson, it's Bret. I can give a little bit of color around that. So yes, any physician can write a prescription. You're right. And any patient that has access to the product, they just can't, for instance, pick up a prescription and walk down the street to their Walgreens or CVS and expect to get Omnipod at that retail location for now. There's a couple of reasons why we would do this and use this limited distributor network for the LMR and the expanded phase of the LMR. One, as you know, we just get better visibility to who's starting. Once you start to ship product to the retail channel, it's out there. And so we don't have as much visibility and that doesn't help us with our goal of really monitoring people that are coming on, monitoring their experience and having the ability to quickly reach out to them if necessary. So this keeps us closer to the patient. It keeps us closer to the process. We get more feedback on their onboarding pathway. And it just gets us more comfortable with finally shipping product to the retail channel, which is, again, how we'll define full market release. So it's a good step. We think it does broadly open up access. But at the same time, helps us meet our goals of measuring and monitoring as we expand to the retail launch.
