Brian Roberts: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2012 conference call. I’m Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the securities laws. We intend these forward looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in section 27a of the Securities Act and section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act, and are making the statements for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies, and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us, and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the company’s potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the company’s press release issued earlier today, and in the risk factors section of the company’s SEC filings, including the company’s annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and the company’s quarterly reports on form 10-Q. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I’d also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as to today’s press release, at My OmniPod.com in the investor section. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Duane. 
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Duane. Revenue increased overall by 23% to $54.8 million in the third quarter of 2012, compared to $44.6 million in the third quarter of 2011. Our core OmniPod business continued to grow at an impressive rate, with a year over year improvement of about 30%. Neighborhood returned a growth in the quarter as well, with a year over year increase of approximately 7%. Sequentially, revenue increased by about 7% from the second quarter. Year to date, revenue has increased by $48.5 million to $153.5 million in the 9 months ended September 30, 2012, compared to $105.1 million in the comparable period last year. Gross profit for the quarter improved by over 30% to $24.4 million, compared to a gross profit of $18.6 million in the third quarter of last year. Our gross margin continued to expand in the quarter to approximately 45%, a full percentage point improvement from Q2. This is largely due to our efforts to continue to drive cost reductions in the supply chain as volumes increase. Additionally, we’ve seen continued advancements in our overall quality, driving down warranty costs and increasing customer satisfaction. Year to date gross profit has increased by 44% to $67 million, as compared to the prior year. Operating expenses for the third quarter were $32.9 million, compared to $28.3 million in the third quarter of 2011. The year over year increase is primarily a result of additional R&D costs related to the development and approval of the next-generation OmniPod system, as well as commercial team expansion in preparation for the launch of the next-generation product. Operating expenses remain flat, as compared to the second quarter, as we continue to gain leverage in the business. Year to date, operating expenses were $96.9 million in the 9 months, as compared to $78.6 million for the same period last year. The change is primarily due to the acquisition of Neighborhood Diabetes in June of 2011. We reported an operating loss for the third quarter of 2012 of $8.5 million, compared to an operating loss of $9.8 million for the third quarter of 2011 and $10.5 million for the second quarter of 2012. Our third quarter operating loss includes approximately $6 million of noncash operating expenses, comprised (sic) [composed] primarily of depreciation, amortization, and stock based compensation. Excluding these expenses, our cash operating loss for the quarter was about $2.5 million. As Duane mentioned, we achieved operating cash profitability for the month of September. We continue to expect that we will remain at or near operating cash breakeven in the fourth quarter. Year to date, operating loss was $29.9 million for the 9 months compared to $32 million for the comparable period in 2011. Net interest expense was $3.9 million in the third quarter of 2012, compared to $3.8 million in the third quarter of 2011. Approximately $2.6 million of this quarter’s interest expense was noncash. Year to date, net interest expense was $11.6 million for the 9 months ended September 30, compared to $10.9 million for the comparable period in 2011. We reported a net loss for the third quarter of 2012 of $12.4 million, or $0.26 per share, compared to a net loss of $13.6 million, or $0.29 per share, for the third quarter of last year. As of September 30, 2012, cash and cash equivalents totaled $63.4 million. At the end of September we had approximately 48.1 million common shares outstanding. As we look to the remaining quarter of 2012, we are optimistic that we will finish the year strong. We continue to expect OmniPod growth to be at or near the levels we’ve seen over the last 6 months, as we’ve seen continued growth in our referral pipeline. We are cognizant, however, that some customers, both new and existing, may defer purchases to the next-generation OmniPod and that rate may increase, assuming 510(k) clearance is received in the near future. Taking this into account, we expect revenue for the full year 2012 to finish in the range of $210 million to $215 million, implying $56.5 million to $61.5 million in revenue for the fourth quarter, or approximately 8% sequential growth at the midpoint of the range. We expect our operating loss to finish in the range of $35 million to $38 million. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Duane. 
Brian Roberts: It’s really just a function of how quickly Ypsomed is able to move all of their European markets. Do they all get done by the end of 2012? Do a couple of them spill into January? That’s a piece of it. Second, Neighborhood has some good areas of growth here in Q4, as Duane mentioned. They won a relatively large managed care plan of about 11,000 names. How many of those names can quickly convert in the quarter will be a piece of it as well. Really, no impact expected either way around the next-generation product. 
Brian Roberts: I think it’s extremely low, the level of risk. I wouldn’t say it’s 0, but I’d say extremely low. There are markets, for example, like Canada that will be further delayed upon the timing of the approval here in the U.S. Canada will come post that. We really control the timing of exactly when all of those pods are put into the marketplace. And we’re comfortable with the level of inventory that we’ve been building. Really we’ll just facilitate the transition from one to the next. So we feel very confident about that. 
Brian Roberts: Again, similar to what Ypsomed had put out, they grew at a rate of about 75% of the first 6 months. That rate accelerated a little bit in the third quarter. Overall, as we’ve talked about beforehand, with that business, probably from last year to this year, tripling or so in size is still where we’re expecting it to finish up for the full year and some of that came through in the third quarter. 
Brian Roberts: Clearly the lion’s share of our core OmniPod business is all driven by the U.S. And so the U.S. effectively is driving the bus, and the U.S. has, using your words, outperformed a little bit over the course of the last 6 months especially, than we probably anticipated. Part of that was the investments that we made in the beginning part of the year have truly paid off. Again, inside sales. This was the first full quarter that we had inside sales and the results that we’re seeing from it are really encouraging. And I think as we look into our 2013 planning process, our commercial team right now is taking a hard look at that and figuring out how can we take the learnings on the investments we made this year and be able to make it even better for next year. Certainly international is a big growth engine for us going forward. I think we all would have liked to have been a quarter or 2 sooner maybe with the next-generation pod. But again, we wanted to make sure that we got it right, and that we were going to be able to do it in a way that once people were transitioned they’d never have to transition back. And we’re seeing that momentum already in just the short period of time that they’re really pushing it hard now over in Europe. So we’re pretty excited about that going forward. As Duane mentioned, the feedback’s really good. But certainly, when you think about our revenues for 2012, the U.S. has exceeded expectations a little bit. As you said, Neighborhood has probably been a little bit under. And overall, international is probably right on plan and catching up. 
Brian Roberts: The Abbott revenue for the quarter was about $1.7 million. And basically that holds with what we’ve been saying, that once we get clearance, it would take us a couple of months’ worth of time to get the marketplace educated and ready to go, and then we’d really transition with a goal of having everybody transitioned over within a one to 2 reorder period. A majority, hopefully, in that first reorder period post the second, hopefully catching the rest of the stragglers or so through it. 
Brian Roberts: So far I think the response to it has gone really well. And I’ll give you a good example. One of the things that we’ve spent a lot of time and effort on in moving from the first gen to the second was around people kind of going [ph] out of box failures. Or when you fill the pod, if the communication doesn’t happen well between the pod and the handheld, the pod effectively kind of “fails”, we replace them, all that good stuff. But it’s one of those things that’s been this customer annoyance that’s been out there for years with us. In Europe - and again, it’s still a small overall sample, but the rate of those has been next to none. And that’s something very encouraging for us, because with the change in antenna frequency, with the change in the chip that we made, that was one of the big things that we were trying to tackle and make sure we could get out of the product. So we’re very, very hopeful about that. Again, so far, not huge sample sizes yet, but the feedback has been very, very positive. 
Brian Roberts: Yes, from our side, certainly the time it takes to train the commercial marketplace, as Duane outlined, and effectively to convert that supply chain, will really take 60 days plus or minus that we’ve talked about for quarters now. I think it’s hard to change that piece of the timeline, but certainly having the multiple lines, being able to run more efficiently, faster, having the confidence behind them, would give us more confidence to be able to convert a larger amount of the reorders in a faster way. So instead of maybe spreading them more out over a 6-month period, we should be able to convert the majority of them in that first reorder period. 
Brian Roberts: And again, just to reiterate one thing that Duane said, which I think is an important point, we submitted the protocol to the agency of what we were going to change, and what we were going to test. And effectively before running that test, they gave us their approval on it. So I think that’s an important point to keep in mind, that before running this we had some affirmation from the agency that we were on the right path. 
Brian Roberts: It goes to show with the investments that we’ve made, that the idea of continuing to improve our reach and frequency is real. And that by continuing to do that and effectively helping our territory managers gain focus, the inside sales teams, taking effectively some of that work off their plate of the one-offs and having that group shepherd people through the process in a more efficient way, all of that has shown its results. And again, over the last 6 months, where there is this kind of new product looming on the horizon, which certainly every one of us can go out and look and you’ll find the blog entries, the people that are saying they're waiting for whatever their reason may be. We’re still accelerating the growth, and I think overall we’re really excited about that. 
Brian Roberts: We’re not going to speak on the actual numbers, but it was a record number, both on referrals and new ships for us. 
Brian Roberts: Our U.S. margin? It’s pretty consistent with what we’ve talked about in the past on the mix. Our U.S. margin continues to be north of 50. Our international margin kind of low 20. And Neighborhood, probably right around 30, maybe slightly above. 
Brian Roberts: There’s a lot of different forms of the cross-sell effort. I’ll actually highlight 2 of them for you. One of the ones we’ve talked about the most is current OmniPod customers, where appropriate, which is really defined as can we match their economic copay and keep the patient whole. We’re certainly looking to be able to drive test strips to them because there’s a real good economy of scale there for us. The second area, which is an interesting one, is as we gain OmniPod referrals, we’d love to be able to sell every one of them an OmniPod pump, obviously, but there are times, for example, if we get a referral, and that’s a Medicare referral, we can’t. But what Neighborhood’s been working hard on is as those patients come in, they have other diabetic supply needs that we may be able to meet. So we’ve seen a nice uptick in their business of patients that initially had some interest in whatever way of OmniPod. We couldn’t fulfill that need, but they became a customer of Neighborhood in another fashion, which is great. Now we know where they are. We build a relationship with them, and hopefully over time we’re able to provide them the OmniPod. The last one, the one you specifically mentioned, we haven’t done a lot yet within the Neighborhood customer base of driving their insulin dependent patients, their MDI patients, towards the OmniPod, and a lot of that’s been focused on a conscious decision that we had made a little bit ago to really wait and kind of time some of those efforts around the next-generation product. And so given that we’ve just been a little bit delayed there, we’ve kind of back-burnered that one just a little bit so that we can go to those customers with an exciting message of this brand new product. 
Brian Roberts: Bombard probably wouldn’t be the word I’d use. But I do think we’d say that we would leverage various forms of media. So potentially between the mail, email, and well-placed phone calls, I think all of those would be different ways that we would try to get to those patients in a direct-to-consumer basis. 
Brian Roberts: Yes, actually I think we were probably slightly higher than where we were Q2 over Q2. So we have seen some acceleration in that number as well. 
Duane DeSisto: Thanks, Brian. In summary, we’re at an exciting time for Insulet. We continue to experience strong growth in our OmniPod business here in the U.S., our next-generation OmniPod has launched in Europe to great early returns, and we await FDA clearance hopefully in the near term. Our manufacturing capabilities continue to strengthen, with record levels of OmniPods of both generations now being produced at high levels of quality. We’ve made significant financial progress, highlighted by excellent revenue growth, expanded gross margins, and our first month of operating cash profitability. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions. 
Duane DeSisto: Given my track record to date, no matter what I say you ought to discount, probably, 100%. But we feel good about what we submitted. I would tell you we spent a lot of time up front. I think we said on the last call, we reviewed the protocol. We got them to sign off on the protocol, and I think the agency felt comfortable with what we planned on doing. We felt good about the results, but ultimately we are just sitting here waiting to hear. So like I said, from my track record on predicting when and where, it’s been perfect. I’m 0 for everything. Like I said, I think from our standpoint we spent a lot of time up front truly trying to understand every single aspect of this, and we feel good about what we submitted. 
Duane DeSisto: No, but that and $3 will get you, in my opinion, a cup of coffee at Starbucks. So that’s all I can tell you. 
Duane DeSisto: Sure. I think it was pretty straightforward. We went through the first time and we submitted a bunch of data, and one of the issues with the FDA - and I’ll use this as one example - we had a patient that misset the clock. He did p.m. instead of a.m. or a.m. instead of p.m. And what they want to understand is, was there a way that we could incorporate something into this device that would catch those types of errors. And like I said, I think if you looked at it, it was probably about 4 or 5 screens in total in which they had questions. What we did is we went in and we modified the software to put basically confirmatory screens on some of these things. And then we went back through and we had - don’t hold me to the exact number, but this is close - it was either 30 or 35 patients, all the various age groups, that we had to run these changes through. And we had to submit that result. And that’s what we did. So there was nothing inherent in what they asked for that changed the fundamental system. I think at first you go through it, we clearly understood where they were coming from. I think the end result is that I think we have a better product, but we went through that process. And like I said, it didn’t change the system. It was really more from a how do you put in confirmatory screens or how do you make someone click twice before they move? And if you look at our original product, on all the important things, where you’re setting your basal bolus, you know, you have to go through that step anyhow. But these are some of the other ones that, you know, them explaining to us what they were looking for. We were ready to fix it, and we turned it around pretty quickly. And like I said, I think it was somewhere between 30 and 35 patients through the various age categories, from kind of the children all the way up to older adults. 
Duane DeSisto: From our standpoint right now everything’s been an internal focus. From our previous experience working with the guys at Dexcom and integrating the hand held, the actual part of that, the engineering part of that, was about 6 months. We have a pretty good view of that. But I would tell you that the whole company is really at the moment focused internally, getting this through, getting manufacturing right, and working on the transition. So as soon as we get the approval, then we’re going to have to take a real hard look at that timeline there. 
Duane DeSisto: I think from our standpoint, we do not believe that we are competing with the end user, the customer, with Medtronic or Animas. We’re not competing with that, those patients. We’re competing for mindshare in the doctor’s office. I think while continuous sensing is in its infancy, and it’s going to be an important part of what goes forward in the long term, we feel very, very good about the profile of our current product and we are very excited, based on the early returns, about how many people are attracted to this next-generation product based on the size. So we feel very comfortable, with or without continuous sensing. We’re going to continue to pound away. And like I said, we’re not competing. We compete for mindshare in the doctor’s office with the other 2 companies that are out there. We don’t compete with the customer. It’s pretty obvious. You look at the fastest growing segment of our population, under 18 years old. The customer base continues to grow rapidly. And that allows kids to be kids. And that tethering to a traditional pump is a huge drawback. And it’s the reason, after 25 years, the market was only penetrated 25%. So I’m not worried about it. We take them seriously, and we’ll see how everything’s positioned, but the fight is for mindshare, it’s not for the end user. 
Duane DeSisto: We’ve run into a million quirky problems that I think we haven’t expected. I’ll give you just one little example. What we have in this new automated line is we have this vision system, and what the vision system is able to do is look at all these components. And to the extent you make a small tweak to the component, the vision system rejects everything. And then when you make that tweak to the vision system, you’ve got to requalify it. So I would tell you that’s been a little bit more arduous than we originally anticipated. But I think the single biggest thing that we continue -- if there’s one thing that keeps you awake at night, it’s just the supply chain. And I would tell you, I think we’re down to one component. If Charlie were here and you asked him, there’s one component that we are extremely focused on. We’re highly confident that we know what we’re doing and we’re highly confident that we’ll be okay, but it is the supply chain. I would tell you I think we feel pretty good about Flex. Even the vision system thing I gave you. But, you know, those things pop up, and you don’t wave a magic wand and fix it overnight. But fortunately we’re in a position now that we’re bringing up the lines ahead of meeting them. And therefore we begin to work out those kinks. I think from the beginning we told you - and if Charlie were here he’d tell you - you worry about the supply chain, the supply chain, the supply chain. We’re down to kind of one component. It’s not even an expensive one. But it’s a little tricky. We’re bringing up a second supplier of that. So that one we’re on. But we feel good. We really feel good about what we have, and where we’re going with it. And I think with Flex, we feel good about them. As long as we have the components the way we want them, I think we’re going to be in really good shape. 
Duane DeSisto: Not all 3. We basically have 2. And we’re not running them all full throttle, because right now everybody’s focused on making the current product - keep in mind, and I think Brian explained this one other time, it’s not like we’ve hired a whole separate workforce to start working on the next line. We transition people from the current product to the new product and back and forth. Because you can’t have these guys all sitting there when the old line goes down. We have all that learning, all that training, and those people we want them running the new line. So what we’ve done is we’ve brought the lines up. We’ve produced what we wanted, then we bring them back down. So we’re in pretty good shape from that standpoint. But we, right now, are focused on just building up enough of the inventory of the old product to make sure we can transition. So when we shut it down, we shut it down and don’t have to reopen it up again. So I think that really is going to happen here in the fourth quarter, and then we are going to go full speed ahead in the fourth quarter with 2 of the lines, and then the third line coming on in the first quarter. 
Duane DeSisto: And the key in this whole transition are the reorder periods. If you think about it, we talk to our customers typically once a quarter. And if on January 1, that’s when their reorder comes up, and they reorder, you’re not going to see them again until April 1. So that’s a real trick for us, is just that timing. And I would tell you, like I said, getting out in the field, getting all the support structure. I mean, you start doing the math and I think there’s over 4,000 endocrinologists in the United States. We’ve got 100-plus people out there that have to all be trained up. And then you take the endocrinologists. They have nurse educators, and part-time trainers. And you’ve got to get them all up to speed. And we have a pretty good plan, we’re pretty excited about it, but you still have to get everybody through that process. 
Duane DeSisto: Every single change was basically inserting a screen behind a screen. So it really was more of a confirmatory screen. And it’s a balancing act. If you think about it, the balancing act for us, when we originally put the product together, is you want people to be able to use it. You want people not to be frustrated with using it. You don’t want to have to type your name in 2 times to confirm that you spelled your name right. So that was a balancing act. The FDA pointed out, based on a first set of human factors, that we had a category that they deemed to be near misses. And they want to know what we could do to improve it. So a couple of things were kind of changed in the user manual. A couple of things were labeled. And there really was no change to any of the functionality. It really was, literally, putting in a confirmatory screen. And I think in one case we went from a soft key to a hard key that you had to push. But there was no change in the functionality. None of the feedback that we’ve received from the agency really had to do anything with that. It was just how can we help our customer help themselves. 
Duane DeSisto: From within a week or 2 of getting approval, we will be out and about. We have a couple of training modules. We have internet-based training. And then we have the people who are going to put feet on the ground to do it. So within a week or 2 of getting that approval, just to schedule everybody out, that’s all it will take. But we are sitting here anxiously awaiting that opportunity. 
Duane DeSisto: What we're looking at doing, and once again, this is really going to be determined where this all falls in the quarter, that you get all this. But what we may end up doing is going to some of the larger centers, because we know we can start converting the most people. So we may train those guys first, and then start trying to get some of the shipments out. But I think for just big picture blocking and tackling, it’s going to take us about 60 days to get it trained. And while we may have dribs and drabs start going out sooner than that, it really is kind of a big block that we’re going to be doing the training. The other piece I have is the whole sales force we have to bring in and get them up and going on a regional basis. So that first couple of weeks will be getting our guys all prepped and ready to go. They have a general idea, but we haven’t gone through it in detail with them, because we want them to retain it. And not knowing when the endpoint is here, you don’t want to do it and then have to do it a second or third time. So like I said, we’re sitting here ready to go. So we’ll see. 
Duane DeSisto: There is no question there’s pricing on test strips. I think from our standpoint we haven’t seen that in any meaningful way. I think everybody is sitting here and looking at this competitive bidding. And then when that comes down, then I think you will see the real impact for that. So obviously there are no margins going up on test strips. But I think from our standpoint it’s been about the same. I think the competitive bidding decision and where that all settles out is going to be the real thing that’s going to really impact all the major strip companies. Look, we’re aware of it. They’re all talking to us. Most of the big companies didn’t participate in the competitive bidding. So there’s a lot of discussion going on here in the background. We’ll see out it turns out. It may even turn out to be an interesting opportunity for us as opposed to a negative. So I’ve got my fingers crossed. But we’ll see. 
Duane DeSisto: Great question. We’re in the middle of our 2013 planning, so we haven’t settled on anything yet. But we are taking these initial results. I think with the next-generation product coming, I think we want to accelerate all of this. I think we could use a few more feet on the street. I think this program we’re pretty excited about. We haven’t capped out on any of this yet. So how are we going to divide that up I think we’ll determine here over the next few weeks. But just to kind of recap for everybody, we have about 100 people roughly knocking on doors and being nurse educators out in the field. I think the J&J company there has a couple hundred, and I think the guys in Minneapolis have over 400. And we continue to grow. So we like the mix we have. We think we’ll probably put resources in all of those. Right now I’m just not prepared to tell you where we’re going to push the most. But we’ve been pretty excited by what this has all meant for us. And then you take that new footprint and new product, we think there’s going to be real room to grow here. 
Duane DeSisto: I think from our standpoint, long term, we want to play in that market. There is no question whatsoever. Right now, my issue is everything’s focused internally. We are focused on us. I think if you talk to the guys at Dexcom, they’ll tell you we’re focused on us. That’s kind of how we’re looking at it. But as soon as we get a little experience under our belt with the current product, then obviously we have a couple of ideas that we want to continue to push forward with. So I think it’s part of the future. There’s no question whatsoever. Like I said, we are focused. We have a complete internal focus to get this piece right. 
Duane DeSisto: I can give you a little bit of generalities. This will sound like my FDA discussion here, but we’re getting pretty close with a couple of them, and the hope is in the not too distant future we have a commercial agreement. They are in trial. We have a couple of them now that are in trials. So if the trials go well, then I think the next step obviously is to start talking about a commercial agreement. But there are trials now being conducted around the country with a couple of different versions of the current product that we have. 
Duane DeSisto: Thank you everyone for joining us, and we look forward to updating you on our year end results. Take care.
