Brian Roberts: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2013 conference call. I’m Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet. Joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the Securities Laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making these statements for purposes of complying with the Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the company’s potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the company’s press release issued earlier today and in the Risk Factors section of the company’s SEC filings including the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I’d also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as to today’s press release at myomnipod.com in the Investors section. And now, I'll turn the call over to Duane.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. Kim, that’s absolutely correct. I mean at this point basically everybody who reorders in the third quarter is moving to the new Pod. So we are sure we will have some stragglers in the fourth quarter and that’s predominantly in majority and all those kind of works. Basically everybody will be moved over by the end of September. We did continue to see some reorder disruption in July. It’s a combination of couple of things, one is as demand is being extremely high, our ability to make sure that we’re getting the product to that customer, at the time of their reorder. We have seen a lot of customers who had been holding off for a few months, all come in effectively in kind of one fall swoop. And really we have to work through a lot of those managed care payers to make sure that we can get them in the right cycle. So, in certain cases, we have a customer who is ready but because of managed care requirements we may have to delay that slightly and/or kind of change the quantity that we are providing. So, those are some of the disruptions. At this point, that we’re just kind of continued to work our way through. It will have some impacts -- really here in the first half of this quarter. And then it should be over and it should be kind of normalized as you look into September and beyond.
Brian Roberts: It’s correct. It is starting to dissipate, but a lot of it’s really driven around managed care cycles and really when we are able to reorder a customer and in certain cases, where customer has taken one box or a couple of boxes in the second quarter, its disrupted the timing of their reorder cycle such that we can’t give them right away.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. We saw a little bit of back starting, I think as planned in the second quarters as well as some customers starting to move away, in the latter half of the quarter especially. So they were around $ 12 million in Q2 and then we were dropping off from there.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. Sure. This is Brian. I will start and Duane can jump in as well. But one of the interesting things and we just kind of run some analytics and look at the amount of initial shipments coming, hasn’t been the number of new practices that have been opening up. And well I think we are really excited about, it is really kind of across the board. So some of it’s within -- I think as we’ve talked about before, the commerce team has done really nice job. We’re trying to segment out what I would call, kind of their top 60 or so accounts in a given territory and then there is kind of this bucket of everybody else. And within that top 60 accounts, its not that all 60 of those were prescribing the OmniPod, the accounts within the territory that we wanted to be prescribing the OmniPod. And I think what’s really exciting about -- we're seeing kind of across the board. Doctors from all those different levels now coming onboard and prescribing. So at the end of the first quarter, about one out of ten, of our shipments we are from these new prescribers but it was pretty early days. Now that we have three more months of the commercial team being able to get in front of these doctors as for a couple of patients and be able to try and sample the product, if you will. We have seen that move almost a one in five. So that’s a really great trend for us especially when you combine it with the fact that our existing prescriber base, those relationships seem to deepening and we’re seeing a lot of incremental sales from them as well. So, two things, one, as we mentioned in the script, about 15% of those doctors have seen a doubling to date of their number of shipments as well as you know one of the examples Duane pointed out literally one practice that would have done, in the first six months of last year may be four or five shipments has done. I think it is now 48 or 49 shipments through July.
Brian Roberts: Good question. So, I mean one of the things that’s very unique about this whole upgrade obviously, is that we effectively trying to do this for free. And so it has created some challenges around exactly trying to time the demand to win where converting the patient where have them planned to convert. So its certainly, we are assuming a period right now where everybody wants to get there as fast as we can. So, hopefully, we won’t see any slippage in the transition. I think we are going to basically be done by the end of September. We don’t have choice. At this point, we really don’t have any of the older Pod inventory on hand. And so we are relay at this place all aroused. So it is just a matter of getting through all of those calls and making sure that we touch base with everybody. So I wouldn’t be too worried about it. I think what we are seeing in the quarter is just as the production continues to ramp up and it gets that much experience under our belt. It’s stabilizing that much more and we are able to reduced scrap and increase yield. And those are the pieces that will drive a little bit of incremental margin one way or the other in the fourth quarter. I think we feel very comfortable as we get in to Q4. We will see that benefit start coming through and we should be basically add or pretty close to 50% for Q4.
Brian Roberts: Actually, I don’t think it is constrained upon suppliers especially as we get into Q4. I think, Charlie and the team feel very confident that we are on schedule with the third line and that third line then gives us some really the kind of ample cushion that we need, if you will, around capacity, it gets us closer. We need to ramp it obviously, but it gets us up to that million Pod per month capacity. I think that the nice thing about this is as Duane just pointed out it is the expansion of the prescriber base and its sustaining in accrual in the second quarters compared to the first. So what we are starting to see again it’s early but you are starting to see those doctors who ordered for the first time in March, have, repeat business, right. So, they have a new patients come on in May and in June, as those first customers are reporting back to them and saying hey this is great and we are doing super with it. So from that perspective, I think we look at this is, there is a huge opportunity for us to continue to accelerate. Now that said, I am sure Q1 will still have the same kind of seasonal aspects in Q1 always has. But certainly here as we go through the third quarter and then into the fourth, I think people are feeling pretty excited about the prospects.
Brian Roberts: I’d only add to that Raj real quick that the sales force and if you can imagine, right. We’re coming off of really five months now of kind of blown the door up at hinges kind of initial shipments, lot of the promise for them too is coming true where, would they be able to increase their prescriber bases, would they be able to see the growth within their specific doctors and clinics, would that translate or come into bigger commission checks? And I think what we’ve seen so far by the results of the last five months, that’s coming true. So I mean it’s a very, very motivated. I think very excited, very happy kind of sales force right now that’s driving an awful lot of patients demand and often we want to do a slow that.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. What is clear though is after line three is built, here in the short term then we’ll be quickly on within the next few months for line four. I mean there are certain tools and pieces of equipment that have long, long lead times where we’ve already ordered for line four and frankly, for volumes to be able to reach the line five. So we do still have some line building to kind of come, but it’s -- that’s a good problem to have.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. Actually one anecdote that I could add to that is, we’ve looked at for in preparation for kind of looking at data for the last three months. We looked at zero to 10 group, and that group be the little bit of smaller number that could more than doubled, compared to the same period over the prior year. So I think that’s absolutely true.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. I mean, again, I’m not going to -- we are not going to give kind of account number. But, certainly, hopefully, between the 50% year-over-year number and the 40% growth sequentially from Q1, you guys can go and do the math.
Brian Roberts: I mean, I guess, we look at this in the broader way. I mean, I think, it’s hard to tell at any point in time, how many people are in that denominator. So, if you just think about the overall market and pump penetration two year ago was probably low 28% kind of range, now we are probably in the upper 20s and we hopefully starting to push towards 30% penetration. I know some of you guys on the phone have done different surveys in the past and think of penetration, can get into the 40% to 50% range. I mean, for us when you look at that, I can’t see why people wouldn’t come on to this product, especially this version, the smaller lighter pods, to me its, again, that’s -- it’s a borrower but it’s the iPod versus an eight track tape cassette. I mean, it’s a -- this is the new technology. This is something that I think is a game changer. And from that, I certainly do think we are taking a disproportionate share of new pumpers. And again the data so far, well, I know exactly what percent that maybe. The data is backing it up by just seeing how many new doctors and clinics we’re bring into prescribing the product as well as the growth level of within the existing base. And what we’re seeing now five months in, that fear of although just a little -- to borrow the word bolus of customers that are going to come through on the launch of the new Pod. We’re seeing the levels of growth sustained, right. So that can be, I think a good point because we’re saying instead being at five patients a month at a clinic, and we will not the 15 patients a month maybe for a couple of months, we're settling between 10 and 12 months. That’s a not a bad place for us to be in any of this places.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. As you mentioned in the script on the plan, I mean, the plan is to file hopefully before the end of the year, hearing so that’s maybe trigger where we can talked about that one.
Brian Roberts: Yeah. Kind of mid single digits percent for us total, I mean again as Duane pointed we probably could have -- if we want a little bit inventory constraint probably would've been able to shift some them some more before the end of the quarter but we had to hold that a little bit to make sure we’re meeting the needs hereto.
Brian Roberts: It’s hard to -- lot of these patients what have just going through our first reorder. If they were added in the March type timeframe. So, around this specific new set of patients, it’s kind of early days. But our overall attrition rate, it’s been pretty constant down a little bit over the course of the last few months, kind of trending down words such that we’ve been slightly under 9%. So that trend seems to be continuing and going in our direction.
Brian Roberts: Again, I think it’s pretty early days. What we seeing so far, as Duane pointed out a little bit, there are some nuances and difference in start-up. So from customers who were trying listening to the new pod, sometime they tend to have a couple of failures. Once we have spoken to them, it is really kind of that change in training and we work them through that and they are good to go. In Europe, the rates been holding pretty consistent so far.
Duane DeSisto: Thanks Brian. Our innovative product is discrete and reliable. Characteristics, that’s making a disruptive option for potential customers, including those who have never considered pumping before. We continue to see for approximately 70% to 75% of our new customers to be first-time pumpers. The OmniPod remains product of choice for those people, living with diabetes who want freedom, discretion and ease of use of tubing free pump therapy. We are very pleased with the tremendous and growing excitement for the new OmniPod. With the enthusiasm from both new and existing customers and the dedication of our team, we are well positioned to further penetrate the insulin pump market. We are confident that our commercial teams will continue to strengthen existing relationships and opening doors with new practices and customers, and excited for the second half of 2013. With that operator, please open the call for questions.
Duane DeSisto: Okay, Ben, I think the most telling statistics are as Brian just described, I mean, about 20 -- one of our customers now coming from clinics that we had business with in 2012, I think, our growth in the pediatric side of the business, in my definition pediatric is 18 and under is being very, very rapid. So, so I think all those prospects like I said for us we are pretty excited about. I think the one think we are butting our head into as Brian pointed out, is because we are doing the transition for free, everybody wants a new product now. I mean, they want to jump their reorder cycle. They want us -- we are right now, we are basically going in hand to mouth in terms of production. They are asking to give everyone on the call some sense, I mean, we are producing over 20,000 Pods a day which is more of a new product than we ever produced of the old product in any given day. So, we come up the learning curve very, very fast, and get to get there next line up and going, start building some inventory. Like I said, for us, I think the best thing for the customer for our business is to obviously do this transition for free. But it hasn’t been without some logistical hiccups here in terms of chasing the customers just trying to jump there reorder cycle and they want the product, everybody wants it now because it doesn’t cost them anything. So, the demand is there from all over. It is particularly strong like I said in the lot of these pediatric clinics really wanted us to clean up that insulin on our board calculations in the old product. I won’t bore you with the details of that even though we thought we had it pretty good. But it really is, like I said, I would say, under 18 in the female side of population a smaller size and that IOB calculations really driving that business.
Duane DeSisto: I think we are on track or even a little bit ahead of it. I think the question in the shorter term is making sure, that we can like the rest of the U.S. business. I think they have seen a huge acceleration in demand. And we just want to make sure that they have appropriate amount of supply as well.
Duane DeSisto: The distribution we are able to do in late spring cleaning up the warehouse. So, Bill, it is -- the fundamental loan aspect when you go into conversion to a product, we knew would resonate with customers and you do it for free. Everybody wants it immediately. And although we had a plan, we laid out a plan, everybody has jumped into the queue as Brian articulated. If you got your last free orders in March, you can’t a new reorder in April, but what people were trying to do is kind of jumpstart on that system so they would only order a box in March. They call us only one box, but they knew the new one was coming. So what astonishes is -- it’s really -- it’s really put us in a hand-to-mouth situation in terms of manufacturing, Charley, these guys, like I said, we’re now producing more of the new products than we’ve ever produced on a given day of the old product, but we’re still hand-to-mouth. I mean we’re still working from the backlog all over the place. I mean every aspect of the business here and we’re hoping like I said by the fourth quarter we’ll start put some more inventory back on the balance sheet. So there is always, you look at all this kind of normal little interruptions that happen every day, all across the world in every manufacturing company. It’s not a big deal. When you go in hand-to-mouth, you have to pay attention to it. So that is the challenge in front of us right now. It is not demand. It’s not orders. It is really just continue to ramp this thing up. And I’ll take my hat to Charley in the third line. I mean it’s been a pretty impressive ramp up, all the way through supply chain. But we have to keep going. I mean we’re not there yet, and like I said, I think, Q3, if you look at Q3, our single biggest challenge is going to be executing on that. But the demand is there. The interest is there. But we’re chasing that and you’re right there is very little inventory there.
Duane DeSisto: Our hope is it’s not pulling the range not any of this, so we are continuing to push. I would tell you I think that the one obstacle we’ve come across is as the example I gave you which is the perfect one, which is some of is due for an order in March. We haven’t started converting it. They only ordered one box of Om -- the old version knowing the new one was coming up. And now in April, they are saying, okay, I want the new one and I want it now and the insurance companies said, well, you get your reorder last quarter. So we have to go through the process, saying, while they’ve only got one box. And so that process in of itself, I guess, is helping us manage our way through the people that are being converted. But I mean it’s a lot of paper work. It’s lot of headaches and we should be through it here by the end of third quarter. But right now the plan is to we have not slowed down the horses. We’ve got the jockeys flipping on them and we are continuing to go. So the real trick is here, I think, Charley and his guys are feeling pretty good about what they’re having. But we’ve got to execute everyday to do -- everything we wanted to do.
Duane DeSisto: So all the equipments are there and like we say within the next one to two months here it should all be up and working, is the plan.
Duane DeSisto: Yeah. Like I said, I think from our standpoint right now, the primary focus is only about sterilization, the insertion and obviously, the accuracy of the sensor. So we’re looking for the middle to the back half of next year when we think we’ll be developing clinical data and at that point of time we’ll go through with everybody.
Duane DeSisto: No. I don’t -- I would. Here is how I categorize where we are. I mean we’re still very much in the R&D phase. So there is -- I don’t want to mislead anyone. We’re very much in the R&D phase. We do think it’s the right format for patients and we continue to pull people, one thing on the body with an integrated CGM sensor. I think it becomes standard of care because anyone in need of insulin it is understand they have to get insulin somehow into their body and if we can incorporate that. So we think it’s the right form factor. We’re excited about it. And we’re excited about the possibility of being able to execute on that. But in terms of who we are working with the stuff, at the moment still just way too early. It is still very much an R&D project.
Duane DeSisto: Look I think from our standpoint we’re trying to do something that no one has really done before, okay. In terms of combined insulin delivery system of continuous sensing and so as a result of all that, I think, we wouldn’t be spending this money if we didn’t think we had a path there, but we’re still not far enough along, where I can sit here and tell you, yeah, we’ll definitely get it done. I mean it’s still a work in progress. We’re intrigued by what we’re seeing but I would not sit here and tell you. It’s just a question of when not if. I mean it is -- there’s still some ifs and yeah.
Duane DeSisto: Okay. I think there is kind of two parts to this. If you remember way back when we talked about acquiring Neighborhood, one of the things we’re faced with as a company is our infrastructure was not adequate to handle the way our business has grown. So a big piece of the Neighborhood acquisition was, okay, they had focus here we have a DNA supplier that is focused on diabetes and they were just much better at what we wanted to do than we were as a kind of standalone company. So a big piece of us integrating that was to be able to leverage those economies of scale and then, obviously, the other thing is if we could do all that not just add expense to P&L but have the ability to pick up this incremental supplies and the other stuff, so it was accretive to the bottom line. I mean that was really the launch behind it. I think while we always anticipated an impact to the strip business, I’m not going to sit here and tell you we thought it’d be 70%. I don’t think anyone thought it’d be 70%. So it’s material. So we’re reacting to it. I still think and we’re going through a long-term strategic planning process internally to really look at the various opportunities. I mean we’ve brought uncovered some interesting stuff with that business. But having said all that as soon as we knew what the new strip price was going to be, we’ve right sized business. So it’s helping us in terms of the one aspect that we’re really concerned about which is our infrastructure has worked as we had hoped. I think, on the other side, I think it’s fair statement and we never anticipated a -- we were taking maybe a 30% cut in Medicare and not picking 10 people and doing all I did. So I mean we didn’t anticipate that. So we’ve right sized and we’re moving forward with it. We do think it uncovered some interesting opportunities along the way. But I think as you described I think it’s going to more often to some little different than we originally anticipated.
Duane DeSisto: I think, once again, I think for the rest of this year we add people it would be later in the fourth quarter of this year to get them ready for next year, but right now we’re going through that process. I would tell you we’re very, very pleased with the productivity of the group that we have out there. We’re pretty excited about it. And I mean we’re looking all this and taking a hard look at all pieces of that business. There is no question that we produce some more people. I’m not going to argue that for a minute. But we want to do it in a smart financial sound way. So that’s kind of how we’re going through and if you think about as Brian described, if you think about when will the opportunity time for that would be once we get through this transition and we get those additional margin dollars. I’m not saying you use all those margin dollars and spend them. I’m saying that does give you more money coming in for the company with the opportunity spend a portion of that on sales and distribution.
Duane DeSisto: So, Tom, great question. It is from the pod’s standpoint same manufacturing line and the U-500 obviously the handheld will be different, because you’re delivering strength of the drug. And in terms of the cemo drug there is no impact. So we’re leveraging the manufacturing, any prerequisite or anything we do. I think we probably know better than most what it takes. We have to manufacture. We are not doing anything that will require us to build a new manufacturing line at the moment.
Duane DeSisto: And that’s another good question, Tom. Right now I would tell you the single biggest area that we’re seeing, as I described to you, the growth is coming from the whole pediatric side and kind of the female side who has chosen shots over anything else. So this is a significant amount of growth there. So do I think long term we can get there, yes. But right now I would tell you the business is coming from kind of the same kind of segments which is people need find themselves as active and don’t want to be feathered in on and on, and on, and on. I mean it really is that cool and it’ll be interesting see we haven’t fought it out yet but over time we’ll start taking a look in that pediatric group with the average age going down as a result of the smaller size allowing younger and younger kids to this or not.
Duane DeSisto: So, Mini, here, this is Duane. I will tell you, if you too, the two biggest complaint that we are having at the moment, which is pretty simple is, I want it and I want it now and I don’t care what the insurance says, because and like I said, that’s all being triggered by the fact that we are doing this for free and we try to explain it soon. And the second, the second piece is, as soon as we started sending out notices for the first group of people. So people that were eligible for reorder in June, send the notice out, because we are looking at their insurance, with just help everyone on the call. The way we decide to get upgraded, as soon as we have to manufacture one, we said, okay, who is eligible for reorder in June. Who is eligible for reorder in April? Who is eligible for reorder in May? And so you use that is a trigger. As soon as we sent out that first batch, what we ask patients to do is, go to the website because there are differences in the particular product this one versus the other, how you started up, obviously you get to get the new - you get to use the PDM, don’t use the old PDM with the new product. It all seems relatively simple. What I will tell you, as soon as word went out, but we started that conversion, everybody in our customer base. I think call because it’s for free, right. So in [hinesack] I think long-term it’s absolutely, we are doing the right thing for the patient, we are doing right thing to everybody. But it was like a tidal wave that rolled in here and our average length of our phone calls are going up, we get people calling up and saying, I want it, I want it now and we’re saying, you are not eligible for reorder until September and they like I don’t care, I walk in, I want it now. So, I would tell you, I’m not sure what we do differently, I’m still trying to work through that. But I think the only complaints that we’ve heard is our customer service, our customer service lines are been jammed solid, we have doubled the number of people, we are answering the phone calls and we are starting to make inroads into all that. But, that magic word, free, has triggered an avalanche to us, so.
Duane DeSisto: Yeah. Mimi, I can see here in, you all the logic, you want to throw it’s somebody, but if they want it now, they want it now. So, I would tell you, if there is any frustration out there. And look I appreciate it. I'm thrilled that people really want the product. But we get to work our way though it and as, I actually subscribe them, I mean, we are not holding anything that, I mean, going hand to month. The lots of coming in, the clearing and then they are going right out and so, we just got to manage our way through that process and we’re hoping here over the next 60 days more or less. That will be though that, moving back to the normal reorders, the phone calls will subside. We can lend all the [pen] sold that we have hired to see answering phone and we can get back to where we want to be.
Duane DeSisto: I think from March standpoint, the agreement we have with Eli Lilly at the moment is purely on the development side that’s the agreement. If something comes about down the road, the two companies work together, that will be terrific. But right now all we have in place is basically in R&D kind of joint development agreement.
Duane DeSisto: Yeah. I mean, I certainly within the last five months we've been at this kind of 50% quarter, 50% year-over-year rate. I’m certainly hopeful that’s going to continue to back half of ‘13.
Duane DeSisto: I just want to thank everyone for joining us and I look forward to updating you on the next quarter call. Take care.
