Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Thanks for the question, Larry. And I did want to share in Q&A that we are under review now and that’s part of what gives us great confidence in the launch into limited market release in the first quarter. Collaboration has been great and engaged on behalf of the agency. So, as we move into limited market release, we are looking to test a few things. So, the primary governor, as I said in my opening remarks, is going to be access. We have to establish broad access in the pharmacy channel. That work is underway, but will take us time to scale and so that’s going to be the governor primarily. But what we will be looking for in limited market release, just in terms of indicators that it’s successful and that we are ready to continue to expand as market access expands is we will be looking qualitatively just to understand the customer experience, the training experience and the access experience for people who are coming on to the product for multiple daily injections, for our existing users that are transitioning on to the product and for tube pump users that are transitioning on to the product. So we are just going to want it test that all of our systems, our training, our clinical support are going as we expect them to and the product experience is going as we expected to in each of those groups. As we validate that and as we establish access, that’s what we will have us expand through the rest of this year and into full market launch either later this year or early next. We can move on to the next question. Thanks.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, Jayson, yes, we are thrilled to be celebrating the milestone of 0.25 million users relying on Omnipod. It’s really exciting for the organization. That’s a recently-hit milestone. Obviously, it’s all estimates. So I always want to of predicate it with that, but that was a 2021 event. And there have not been changes in attrition or utilization. Those have really remained steady. That’s terrific, actually because, obviously, as we anticipated the impact of the pandemic, we did anticipate that potentially, attrition could tick up we didn’t see that. And that’s part of the driver behind the really strong performance in 2020 in the face of the pandemic. So that’s great news on the business model and just the customer loyalty.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris, our partnership with Tidepool has primarily been a clinical and product development one. So we’ve been supporting their regulatory submission and their development work. We don’t have a commercial agreement at this point with Tidepool. So that’s still to be worked out. I will say it’s a tremendous undertaking to do that. So there is still a lot of work ahead of us. But that said, we do – we have said that we are working under way or we have work underway here with Omnipod 5 on the iOS platform. So I think it remains to be seen who’s going to hit the market first with iOS, and we’re certainly really excited about Omnipod 5. That remains our priority at this point. And we’ll continue to support Tidepool’s efforts in terms of their submission and their development.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Thanks, Joanne, yes, we’re really excited about just the continued in the Type 2 segment. It’s just a group of users that have responded so well to the simplicity of DASH and some of the product benefits. I would say two things driving that. And one, as you know, is just increased awareness so that there are obviously a lot of people in the United States. We estimate over 2 million people living with insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes who can benefit from the product. And so advertising as part of what’s unlocking that. The other thing is you saw the step-up in increased access. And as we drive more availability in the pharmacy, this really differentiated business model that allows people to access it with such an affordable under $50 a month in out-of-pocket costs. That is in line with the cost of multiple daily injections for example. So it is incredibly affordable broad access that doesn’t have the constraints that exist in other channels for the Type 2 segment. And that’s sort of been our strategy really. We believe as we drive more simplicity into the product, we establish broader and affordable access to the tune of access in line with the cost of multiple daily injections. That’s how we bring our technology to millions of patients, not just hundreds of thousands of patients. And so we’re excited to see that. And I think that’s part of what’s been driving the Type 2 adoption and growth.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes, I’ll start, and then Wayde may have some color to add. Unfortunately, we don’t have a lot of visibility. I’ll explain why. As we drive more utilization into the pharmacy channel, we have less visibility at this point to diagnosis at coverage. And so that is a little bit of a challenge for us because, obviously, all of our Medicare reimbursement is through the pharmacy channel. And 40% of people living with insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes are over the age of 50 or 60. And so you can imagine that there is a lot of overlap behind our Medicare coverage in the pharmacy channel and the Type 2 segment. In terms of access, 75% is a number for all commercial coverage. There actually isn’t a distinction in the pharmacy channel between Type 1 and Type 2 coverage. So that number is good for both segments. And given the progress we’ve made, particularly in Medicare Access, coverage is very strong and probably at $0 out-of-pocket for the Medicare user. So it’s a really affordable, really broad access for the Type 2 user in the pharmacy channel, particularly for the Medicare Type 2 user. So I think all of that is contributing to the growth. And unfortunately, we don’t have an updated total base number from what we gave a few years ago because we’ve been driving so much growth into the pharmacy channel. This is great for users, great for payers and great for us. But right now comes with a bit of a visibility challenge.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. So we’re not going to give an update on the timeline. We really want to get Omnipod 5 to market, and then we can start updating time lines for all the innovations that will follow around additional sensor integrations and additional phone platforms. But I have said multiple times in the last couple of calls that this work is underway. So we have teams of very talented people working on iOS phone control. We don’t envision this will be a limiting factor for two reasons. One is we will provide every user a back up PDM with SIM technology. This gives users a constant connectivity to data and all the benefits of Omnipod 5. And remember, you only need that PDM or your Samsung phone if you’re using phone control to pair a pod and to announce a meal. Otherwise, and for every 3 days when you time a pod. But otherwise, you can remain in automated mode in closed-loop because of the algorithm on the pod without your phone or your PDM, and all of your data is able to be viewed via our apps on your iPhone. So you’re still going to get all of that visibility and ease of use through our apps on your iPhone. So we think it’s going to be a great user experience for Apple users, and we’re working very hard to get them full phone control as quickly as possible, and we’ll update once we get to market with Omnipod 5.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Anthony, I don’t have a size for the preschool segment. This is a smaller segment, so ages 2 to 6. But I can tell you it’s an outsized importance segments, both in terms of the value of the technology to this group as well as the value of this group to Insulet. Today, we are the market leader in pediatrics. We see our ability to maintain and expand that segment. You think about the benefits of Omnipod for this segment, the ease of use and the discretion for young active children versus small active children having to contend with 3 to 4 feet of tubing and a large device, it’s a particularly differentiated technology today without CGM integration and automated insulin delivery. And when we combine that for this group, it’s going to be incredibly powerful. So we know, based on the response and the feedback from our trial participants, and I think the strong indicator that 100% of users completed the trial and moved on to the extension phase, all really important indicators that we’re going to have a winning product in this population.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure, Matt. We’re excited to be partnered with Abbott. Their product has been particularly adopted in international markets. There are certain countries where they are a dominant shareholder. And as they continue to drive ease of use and awareness, they are a terrific partner for us. As I mentioned, we won’t be giving updated time lines until we get our current generation with DexCom out into the market. We’re very excited about the value that, that’s going to drive. But both sensor partners, DexCom and Abbott, are driving, they are transforming the market. They are bringing real-time insights to users. And that adoption is helping to fuel Omnipod adoption. And so both are very important to us. And we see the potential to bring a long line of innovations with our partnerships with both DexCom and Abbott. So we are working on that. Just like iOS, we have had teams of people focused on that integration, and that work is underway and excited to update the market after we get Omnipod 5 to the market.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes, that’s a great question. So Dr. Bode will be presenting some early results from our feasibility study in Type 2. So if you remember, we had mentioned on the last call that we had launched our feasibility work. And I mentioned in my remarks today that, that continues, enrollment continues. That research is going very well. We expect, and we are learning great things regarding the Type 2 segment. And so from those learnings, we will then enter into a larger pivotal study, which will then drive expansion in indications and the label for Omnipod 5. So that is what will play out over the coming months and potentially, a year or longer. We haven’t given a timeline on that. But Dr. Bode will be sharing his experience and his research with Omnipod 5 in the Type 2 segment. We believe that our technology can bring tremendous value to this segment to drive improved outcomes, certainly and tremendous ease of use. And so we are committed to doing the research, and he’s been a great partner with us on that front.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Kyle, you heard that correct that we will be launching Omnipod 5 in the pharmacy channel, and we will be launching at price parity. So that was a very thoughtful decision that we’ve made. And the goal behind that is really just to drive more rapid access and more affordable access. And so what this means, it’s actually really exciting because what this means is, today, as I mentioned earlier, a DASH user pays less than $50 a month on average for the technology, we’re going to be able to bring our remarkable and advanced technology in Omnipod 5 for the same type of co-pay for users. I mean, in line with MDI for many users. So that is really exciting, and we think the right thing to do to truly unlock this population. It’s a great channel for payers, a great channel for patients and a great channel for Insulet. We are driving into the pharmacy channel because of all of the benefits that we’ve talked about, and we view Omnipod 5 as an opportunity to bring more users into that channel, which has great benefits for payers and for patients, frankly. So – and you are right that access will be the primary governor. I think back to DASH, we established – it took us about 2 years to establish broad access, where we are in the 70% plus range with DASH. And I would expect, if you think about what we were doing with DASH, we were also launching a new business model and establishing the channel, so, all of our partnerships and IT integrations with wholesalers and pharmacies. All of that work is now transferable and there and established for Omnipod 5. Our conversations are underway with payers and making good progress. And so we do expect that we will establish access more rapidly than DASH. But at this point, I think that’s the primary performance indicator that we will be updating all of you on is just how we’re doing with covered lives because that’s going to be the primary driver of our success as we move through the limited market release.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. No reason for them to hold off. In fact, there may be reasons for them to get on, and I’ll explain that. And when we think about the training pathways, the user interface with DASH is sort of the foundation and the user experience is the foundation for Omnipod 5 and so the training is likely to be much more streamlined for somebody who is moving from, for example, Omnipod DASH to Omnipod 5. And so it may just help you speed up if you get onto Omnipod DASH, as you’re headed to Omnipod 5, but certainly no reason to hold off. As we said, we are not going to be charging any upfront conversion fee. Anybody, frankly, who is using any technology, whether that is Omnipod DASH, whether that is legacy Omnipod or MDI or a tube pump. As soon as we have pharmacy access established for them, they should be able to get on to the product with no upfront fee and very reasonable out-of-pocket costs. And we’ve worked really hard to kind of conceive of and deploy that strategy to help bring our technology to more people more rapidly.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. I think all great observations there. There are, in my view, three things that are driving Type 2 adoption for Omnipod. And the first is we have the right business model in the right channel for Type 2 users. So the fact that we can provide this very affordable, broad access with very few constraints as part of what is driving adoption. The second is just increasing awareness of the simplicity of our technology, and that’s coming through our efforts on both the sales and marketing front. And the third is CGM adoption. And this is actually a really important dynamic for us. As we think about not just 2021, but the next several years. What the CGM companies have done is really dramatically displace blood glucose monitoring in the Type 1 population. And now they have their sites set on the Type 2 population. And we’ve been benefiting significantly from that conversion as patients, first in Type 1 and now more significantly, in Type 2. As these users get visibility to their data and how little time they are spending in range, they are looking for tools like Omnipod to help get them in range, and they are also comfortable wearing something because CGM has gotten them over that psychological barrier. So all three of those things are helping to drive our success in Type 2, and I think the technology is really well suited. So as we see progress and further advancement in adoption of CGM, this is a great trend for us in the market.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes, sure. I think I won’t comment on ultimate penetration because I just think it’s going to take time with this segment. We’re just in really early days here relative to the Type 1 segment. So we’re more comfortable saying, hey, Type 1s can get over 50% because we’re mature and we’re – we see where we are in that adoption curve. We’re standing on the precipice with Type 2s, and we’re seeing great adoption, but it’s very small penetration into this massive opportunity. When you think about the intensively managed Type 2 user, there really isn’t much different in their need. And we do think that all of the work we’re doing to establish broad, affordable access to drive unparalleled simplicity into our technologies that those advantages are, I would argue, more important for the Type 2 user than the Type 1 user. But regardless, they are important for all of our users and should drive continued adoption. And we see both segments, Type 1, particularly as we start – as we bring Omnipod 5 to market, we think that will be an accelerator for growth in the marketplace. And then as we look at Type 2, we’ve got a product today that is incredibly simple and being very enthusiastic embraced. And then as we – kind of the next wave is as we bring the simplicity of Omnipod 5 to the Type 2 market, we think that can further unlock it. So we’re excited about the long-term prospects for the Type 2 space.
Shacey Petrovic: Thank you. I wanted to share that recently one of our Omnipod 5 principal investigators for our pivotal study, Dr. Desalvo, from Baylor, he shared his feedback on Omnipod 5 with us. And what he said was to, not only have you achieved outstanding clinical results, but the diabetes burden has been ameliorated. And the satisfaction is unlike anything I have experienced before, especially for caregivers. It’s clear that this is about the patients and their families. And he is right it is about our customers and their families. This is what gets us going every single day. We are so proud of the progress we’ve made. We’re now changing the lives of 0.25 million people across the globe, and we’re not going to stop there. Insulet and our customers’ days – best days are still ahead. So thank you very much. Have a great evening. We will talk to you next quarter.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Sure, I can start it, Robbie. Thanks for the question and you are right, we were very happy to see the sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4. The pandemic certainly impacted us in the middle of the year, even in the U.S. and just as importantly, international to see it. Actually, Q4 was the first quarter that we saw improve new customer starts in both regions over prior year 2019 and 2019 was a really tough comp. We had record-breaking new customer starts in 2019, so absolutely right. That sequential improvement was important for us to see. We are not going to comment on specific numbers of customers, but as we shared in our earnings release, we now have 250,000 global customers. So, it’s a good data point, I think for you. And then on new patient start growth for Omnipod 5, as Shacey said in her prepared remarks, it will be a limited release. And so there is a lot of scenarios running on that one. It really depends on what point in the year we get it launched here in the first half and then how we ramp. And as Shacey said, we are going to be monitoring a lot of things. We want to do a great job of both the user experience as well as developing access. And so again, just like Shacey said, it’s those two things that will be pacing the ramp up over time and none of that diminishes our excitement around getting Omnipod 5 into the market next year. We have had just an immense interest from customers and our teams are and have been gearing up to launch Omnipod 5 for a couple of years now. So, lot of momentum, lot of excitement building, but we want to keep ourselves in check to make sure that we have the most successful launch we can. And part of that is limiting the ramp as we move through the end of the first half and into the second half of the year.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Thanks for your question, Jeff and we are spending a lot of time on it ourselves as well. I went through a robust long-term strategic planning session here. But we are not going to provide long-range planned guidance update until we get to the other side of Omnipod 5. It is a real pivotal launch for the company. And we are excited about what it can deliver. So we are pacing ourselves for an update to the long-range plan until we get a few quarters under our belt with Omnipod 5 and then we will be updating from there. You highlighted a few important things to the story though, which include the guidance here in 2021, which we feel is really strong, particularly for the U.S., 21% to 25% guidance for U.S. and less in international because we do see the pandemic headwinds persisting internationally more. We have covered a lot on our revenue guide in the prepared remarks. I think gross margin is pretty well understood at 67% to 70% in 2021. And there is going to be some phasing to that. We should expect Q1 to be below 67%, and then we will build into the range as we go through the year. There is quite a few drivers that will dictate whether we end up at the low end of that 67% to 70% range or at the high end. If we don’t make 70% this year, we are committed to getting to 70% over time. So I think that was a part of your question, Jeff. As we think about gross margins, they are a key component of our financial thesis and we are confident that we will get to 70% over time. And then you mentioned the bottom line as well. We have a very strong operating margin guide here for 2021 in the low double-digits. That’s a significant step up from 2020, but we should not assume the same step up beyond 2021. That is one area, while we have not guided to ‘22 and beyond, we want to make sure that everyone understands our investment thesis here, is to continue to invest to capitalize on our differentiated position in this very large unpenetrated market, both Type 1 and Type 2 markets. So you should inspect us to continue to invest heavily beyond 2021, in particular, in R&D and innovation, clinical, selling and marketing. We are going to be driving efficiencies as we scale in G&A and support functions. And so that will help us, along with the gross margin expansion to build a strengthening financial profile over time. But just to come back directly to your question, Jeff, I think we will continue to tick operating margin up annually, probably more like 1%, but not stepping it up every year like we are this year from ‘20 to ‘21. So we are not giving specific operating margin guidance for the future years, but I did want to make sure everyone fully understands our investment thesis here and that we are balancing our continued investments with our strengthening financial profile over time. So, thanks Jeff.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Good question, David. Thanks. And we spend a lot of time on this because, as you know, and a lot of companies are challenged with really trying to peg guidance, and in fact, a lot of companies aren’t guiding for this specific reason. The pandemic is tough to peg, obviously, more difficult outside the U.S., at least for us. We saw a pretty significant step-up and improvement in the U.S. as we’ve progressed through the year. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we’re only 10% off of our beginning of your expectations in Q4. The U.S. was on the better side of that. So almost back to our beginning of year expectations, and it was a record-breaking quarter for us ever. And so a lot of confidence in that U.S. guide. And like you said, it’s – we think it’s a strong guide. At both the high end and the low end, it will be higher growth dollars than it was in all of 2020. International, as you mentioned, David, it is feeling more of the compounding effect of our annuity model. So because the new customer starts were heavier impacted internationally in the last three quarters of 2020, it’s going to feel it more in the first half of 2021. And then unlike the U.S., we’re anticipating further pandemic impacts, the pandemic persisting into the first half of 2021 internationally. So that continues to compound into the numbers. So it is quite dramatic. Having said that, we have got a lot of momentum in our international business too, we have got the DASH rollout across all our new – all the regions internationally. We’ve got 7 new countries. We’re making investments in sales force expansion, we’re also investing in marketing and direct-to-consumer pilots there as well. So that’s what gives us the confidence to still guide to pretty strong double digits, 10% to 15%, in the face of a challenging pandemic environment internationally. So that’s what we’re comfortable with at this point of the year here at the start and happy to be providing guidance and insights for you all. And we will certainly track it as we go throughout the year.
Wayde McMillan: Great. Thanks for the question on the operations strategy as well. Anthony, it’s critical to our overall strategy, given that we want to make sure that we not only have capacity but also quality products and redundancy across the globe to make sure we can continue servicing our customers. And so along your question, from the automated lines in the U.S., we have two producing now and a third line installed that will be producing salable product on this year. So that more than doubles the capacity in our legacy China facility. And then you referenced the other China lines, which is the fact that we stood up a second third-party manufacturer in China during 2020, which also doubles our capacity out of our legacy facility. So, all of that together gives us significant capacity increase as well as the ability to balance it between the facilities. And that redundancy is important for us. The gross margin tailwind, it is the single largest driver, actually, of our gross margin improvement over time. As we begin to put more volume through all the plants, we scale more efficiently but in particular, our U.S. manufacturing facility that is automated and has mostly fixed costs limited variable costs. The more volume we put through there will become the most efficient plant that we have and so that will be a gross margin tailwind for us. So, all of the operations strategies are designed, number one, to get good quality product, a reliable product to our customers and also drive gross margin favorability for us.
