Shacey Petrovic: Sure, Travis. Yes, I appreciate the question. I think it may be helpful to take a step back to where we were in May. We had received the agencies’ feedback on our submission, and there were no surprises, which had put us on track for our anticipated timeline. We are very fortunate to be a part of the breakthrough devices program, and that allows us frequent collaboration with the agency. So we took the opportunity to discuss in more detail full mobile phone control and get extreme clarity on the FDA’s response. Their feedback was really helpful for us and valuable and it prompted us to update our app with a feature that we believe will improve the customer experience. So that is basically what’s happened since May. And the work is well underway, including all of our verification and validation testing. And then our assessment of that final work and the FDA’s review and then, of course, some buffer because times are not normal given the COVID work load, that all puts us towards a Q4, we believe, late in Q4 clearance and limited market release. So that’s kind of where we are. I would just emphasize that in the meantime, we are not standing still, the teams are doing great work preparing for a limited market release and I think making really good use of the time that we have while we get to final clearance.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Larry. The feature is related to full smartphone control. So it’s the way that the app interacts with the system. It has nothing to do with our core system or our algorithm, which we know delivered outstanding clinical results across the broadest age range of any AID pivotal study. So nothing that will impact system functionality, but it is something that we believe will deliver a better customer experience. And I think, ultimately, this feedback was helpful for us. What gives us confidence when we think about the limited market release in Q4 is our interactions with the agency. We’ve factored in all of the work that we have underway plus review time and plus buffer. I don’t think it’s helpful to provide exactly the amount of buffer, but what I will say is we’ve learned a lot because we’ve been under review for quite some time, all while the pandemic has been underway as well. So, we do understand how long the back and forth has been taking, how much longer that’s been than traditional timelines, and that’s what we’ve factored in that points us to Q4. So I think it’s really those interactions that give us that confidence. And we have cleared an enormous amount of hurdles. Up until this time, we really believe we are in the final stages here and remain confident in a second half, but like we said, end of Q4, limited market release and clearance.
Shacey Petrovic: Great. Thanks, Wayde. Yes, I think important to emphasize that pharmacy is a strategic pillar for us. And for all, I think Wayde mentioned the reason, obviously, it’s a better customer experience, but it’s also a more efficient channel for physicians and for Insulet, and that’s really important as we as we get ready to scale with the launch of Omnipod 5. And then your question, Robbie, on what are we hearing in the field. The one thing I would say is behind the numbers, it’s just important and sometimes it gets lost because of the business model. But behind the numbers, we had a record new patient start quarter. So that’s important as we think about are people holding off? It certainly would not be evident in our numbers based on new customer starts in this past quarter. And that said, you’re right that there is growing consumer awareness of Omnipod 5. The company and I personally get daily e-mails from customers that are anxiously waiting. So I don’t believe customers are holding off based on the new customer starts numbers, but there is growing awareness of the technology that’s coming.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. Maybe I’ll kick us off, and then Wayde can give some comments on any color he wants to give regarding 2022 with Omnipod 5. I think ultimately, we know that the market is waiting for Omnipod 5. So we’re going to do whatever we can to make our limited market release as efficient as possible. It’s important to do a limited market release. If you think about what’s going to happen with Omnipod 5, we know that people today who use DASH or classic Omnipod or multiple daily injections or tubed pumps, they are all going to have a different customer journey coming on to Omnipod 5. They are each different pathways, and we will have different requirements. For example, all our DASH customers already know the benefits of pharmacy and low out-of-pocket costs. We’re going to have to get two pump users or potentially MDI users comfortable with the benefits of the pharmacy and then each of those different patient segments have different training and onboarding needs. And so those are the types of customer experiences that we’re testing today to make sure that we’ve got everything in a great position for the launch. And then the other governor is access. And that’s one of the reasons why we gave some color that the team is making great progress establishing access. So we are doing everything that we can to make as efficient an LMR as possible. But we do want to do one. And hopefully, we – well, not hopefully, today, for sure, we are in a better position today than we were a quarter ago. And a quarter from now, we’re going to be in an even stronger position. So I think we’re going to head into 2022 in a really strong position and hopefully keep the LMR as efficient as possible.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. We are going to do everything that we can to drive as efficient in a limited market release as possible. I think just something to keep in mind is limited market releases are designed to uncover things that weren’t contemplated in all of the testing and launch preparation. So I think that’s the caution. Of course, we are in a stronger position. We’re securing coverage. I think all of this sets us up for success and in trying to shorten the limited market release. But I caution everybody by saying, if we bump into something we are going to address that. That’s the whole purpose of doing a limited market release. I think the teams are doing great work, and certainly ameliorating the potential of running into something with all of the work that we’re doing, and we are certainly establishing access, which is one of the main governors. And so those are great signs. But I don’t – of course, we’re going to take our learnings from the limited market release, and we’re going to make sure that we’re providing the best possible customer experience.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. Actually, I think it’s really exciting to see what’s happening with the core business right now. What’s driving our growth? I would point to two – well, three dynamics. The first is DTC. So this investment that we’re making in raising awareness is definitely working and we think was one of the drivers for our record – by quite a bit in the U.S. new patient starts. And that’s coming broadly across Type 1, primarily among multiple daily injection users and then also Type 2. And so Type 2 would be the second dynamic that I would point to. We are in a pretty rarified position here. Nobody else is having the success that we’re having unlocking this market opportunity. And it’s because we have a product that is uniquely well suited to the Type 2 user in its simplicity and in its cost profile. And so that’s the third piece, is the pharmacy and pay-as-you-go. And that’s helping certainly to make our technology more accessible and more affordable to the people that are becoming increasingly aware of it. And the reason why we like these dynamics, these underlying dynamics is because when we launch Omnipod 5, it will be additive to these things. We are – we fully intend to maintain our advantage in Type 2. We fully intend to maintain our advantage in the pharmacy and our pay-as-you-go model. And we’re going to then deliver what we think will be a game-changing technology in Omnipod 5 to the market. And so the team could not be more excited because we’ve got this underlying momentum that’s being – that’s helping to deliver record-setting new patient starts. And of course, we’re all gearing up – every aspect of the company right now is gearing up for an Omnipod 5 launch and just incredibly excited about what it will bring to patients. So I think it’s an exciting additive technology to what is already a really strong momentum in our business, particularly in the U.S.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Great question, Margaret. So there is a few things happening. One, we continue to tick up access, and that increased notably. And as we increase access then more people in our base have the opportunity to move into the pharmacy. So that’s one piece of it. The second is DTC is definitely driving demand. And if you think about now, where Wayde mentioned at cumulative record-setting quarter, so three quarters where we’ve got – in our new customer starts, I think on each of those quarters, between 70% and 80% of customers going directly into the pharmacy or directly on to DASH, the vast majority of that in the pharmacy. So that trend is just helping to drive more and more people into the pharmacy. I think in terms of where does this go, we fully expect to have the majority – or vast majority of our business in the pharmacy over the coming years. We do see Omnipod 5 as a big driver there. Omnipod 5 will be only available in the pharmacy. We know that there is growing demand among our existing users and also among the market. And so that will help us to continue to accelerate that move into the pharmacy. And I would also point to Type 2, all of our Medicare business is through the pharmacy. So as Type 2 grows, that is growing in the pharmacy, and that’s a great thing. What pharmacy does by providing Omnipod at the same out-of-pocket cost as multiple daily injection, it’s really remarkable for DASH today, and it’s going to be even more remarkable for Omnipod 5 tomorrow. So, just really great cost effective therapy for our patients.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, Jayson, great question. So we – rather than giving details, just kind of conceptually where we are with access, we have more access established, more covered lives today with Omnipod 5 preceding launch than we did following launch with Omnipod DASH. So that puts us, I think, in a really strong position and a really nice trajectory as we get closer to launch. Every quarter, we establish more access for Omnipod 5. So as we get closer to launch, we’re certainly not standing still, but the teams are making great use of this time. And I think to your point, that sets us up for a successful, and what we certainly hope, is a very efficient limited market release. Because we knew that there are two primary governors to limited market release, one is access. And as you note, the team is making great progress there. The other is customer experience. And that’s the one where we can’t really sort of say how quick that’s going to be until we get into the throes of it. I think the team is doing a really nice job testing all of the different pathways, testing the training and onboarding processes, testing the benefits investigation, all of that stuff. But that’s the type of thing that you really need live patients going through the process to test effectively. But that will be, I think, the primary governor as we look to move from limited market release into full market release, given how well we’re doing with access.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, Kyle, thank you for the question. I think a great opportunity to just talk about the position that we see ourselves in as it relates to patient data. Very few companies have access to the volume of data that Insulet will have with Omnipod 5. We had mentioned earlier on a previous call that we’re putting SIM cards into our Omnipod 5 controllers. And then, of course, we will be offering full phone control, which means that we will have stream of real-time data coming off of a user that helps us understand how their continuous glucose is doing, helps us understand how they are interacting with the system. Helps us understand how much insulin is being delivered, when it’s being suspended, when they are eating. And so that provides us with incredible potential to generate insights that can be valuable to our customers, to their clinicians and potentially to payers as well in population analytics. And so we see ourselves just really well positioned, because it’s essentially a wearable technology that’s providing real-time data that we believe can help us help people achieve better outcomes through a variety of mechanisms. So I think you’ll hear us talk more about that as we get Omnipod 5 to market, how we see that and our role in that for our customers, including our consumers, our clinicians and our payers, but we do believe we’re very well positioned to provide value here.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, Joanne, I think the positive thing that comes out of this is that the FDA has given us really valuable, helpful feedback that we think will ultimately enable us to deliver a product that is even better. But – and I also believe that the limited market release will be shorter as a result of this time that we’ve had to establish coverage. So that is good. How much shorter? That will rely on us really testing the customer experience and understanding if we’ve got learnings there that need to be incorporated or adjusted to. But the value that we’ve been able to have during this time is just the opportunity to establish coverage and continue to test the customer experience. Both of those things should help us to deliver a more efficient limited market release.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Anthony. Dexcom has been an outstanding partner, and it has been remarkable to see what they have done in the market and the value that they provided consumers. We really believe that they are helping to drive AID adoption, and so we could not be more excited for our combination offering. They have helped us across a number of fronts and collaboration has been incredibly strong. And obviously, they have an incredible technology. And so that combined with Omnipod and Omnipod 5, we think is going to be a game changer in the market. It will be a game changer in terms of patient experience and patient outcomes, and it will be a game changer in the market in terms of our position. So we’re strong collaborators, strong partners today, and then, of course, working on G7 and future integration. And so that would be a really exciting part of our pipeline as well. In terms of the AID market, I think it’s very exciting to see what’s occurring out there. We see the trend in terms of CGM adoption among Type 1s. And what’s happening now with AID gives us great confidence that among Type 1 users, the pump market will double. And a big part of that will be automated insulin delivery. Of course, we believe we’re going to deliver the best to market and – or the best product to market. And I think the thing that gives us excitement is that we have been competing so effectively with our non-AID system. And so, people are choosing Omnipod even though there is no CGM integration, and despite the fact that we’ve seen such dramatic uptake in CGM. So we think that we’re going to see the real power of the form factor now that we’ve got CGM integration and automated insulin delivery with Omnipod 5, because people will no longer really have a reason to choose an alternative device, which we know many people – if they prefer the pod form factor but choose another system because of Dexcom integration. And so we’re really excited to even the playing ground there and really frankly leapfrog the field there. And then the other thing I would point to is just Type 2. All of these trends are more mature in Type 1. And I talk sometimes about the competitive field, but I would say that among this large patient population, no one really needs to lose for us to win. They are – if you look at the field, even in Type 1 where there is more maturity here, still today, somewhere north of third of patients are using pump therapy. So there is a great opportunity for all of us to impact patient outcomes and provide better technology, better care for people living with Type 1 diabetes. The same trends are just burgeoning among Type 2. And so we’re really excited about our position there, and we expect that both CGM and certainly Omnipod 5 and integrated devices are going to grow among Type 2 users too over the coming years.
Shacey Petrovic: Ravi, I think you highlighted quite a few of them. When you talk about new technology and access, I would say for both of those, it is just how simple can we make both of those. How simple can we make the technology so that it can be easily and enthusiastically adopted by the masses, and how simple can we make access. Because still today, Omnipod has changed the game with pay-as-you-go in the pharmacy and we’ve made it simpler. But still today, there is too many hurdles for people to get on to these technologies, and that’s something we are committed to continuing to work to eliminate. So I would point to simplicity and technology, simplicity and access. And the last thing I would point to is awareness. And we’re really seeing it with DTC. We’re investing in awareness. And we’re probably making a big impact in the market and helping everybody at the end of the day because we’re increasing patients’ awareness to technology. But what we saw before we invested in DTC was that patients awareness, even a Type 2 consumers’ awareness of their options, unaided awareness, was somewhere around 15%. So even a person with Type 1 could only name a pump manufacturer 15% of the time. So there is a massive opportunity here to just help people understand and gain more awareness to the treatment options that are available to them. And then we need to make them cost-effective and simple to access and to use.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Thanks, Steve. When we think about international and the drivers there, DASH and continued expansion internationally will be drivers, particularly the adoption of Omnipod DASH, which we know is doing really well across our international markets, but room to continue to grow there. And new market additions, so now in the last year or so, we’ve added a handful of markets that will contribute over time. But any new market addition, for us internationally, takes time to accumulate new users. It’s just the way that our business model works. So we view international as a long-term growth driver, and we will continue to invest in expanding into new markets that will drive growth over time. We, of course, also are really excited to bring Omnipod 5 to our international markets, which we view as the next growth driver. We aren’t going to give a timeline on that yet. We really want to get Omnipod 5 to market first in the U.S., and then we will update our timelines on things that everybody is asking about, iOS integration, Libre integration, G7 and international. But all of that work, every program I just mentioned is underway. And certainly, we’re going to aim to follow as quickly as we can once we get Omnipod 5 to market in the U.S., which we could not be more excited to do.
Shacey Petrovic: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As you can see, we continue to drive our strategy forward, and we have great momentum throughout the business and real confidence in our outlook. We are halfway through the year and what we expect will be another successful year for Insulet. The clinical evidence we shared speaks to the tremendous value our technology offers to those living with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. And we could just not be more excited for the launch of Omnipod 5, because we are confident it will mark an important new chapter for Insulet and, more importantly, for those living with diabetes worldwide. Thanks so much. Have a great evening.
