Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. I can actually take that one, Jeff. This is Shacey. The installed base for the U.S., we're guiding to be consistent with what we guided at the beginning of the year. It's international where we're a little bit softer than the performance that we had this quarter and that's simply because it's early in the year and we're also in discussions with Ypsomed and so, that's reflected in that guidance.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. New patient starts grew nicely this quarter in line with our expectations. And in terms of competitive dynamics, I would say our pipeline is stronger than it has ever been. So, clearly, we're attracting new patients into the pipeline. And some of the delay in conversion has lightened in Q1 and continues to do so as we are even a month into this quarter. So, we're feeling very good about maintaining our guidance at the beginning of the year with a really strong pipeline and kind of reduced conversion rate time.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: France is one of the newer markets that we've entered into. Very strong, really outsized expectations – or it's kind of out-achieved expectations for both I think Ypsomed as well as Insulet. And so that remains a great driver of the growth that we see internationally. But really, we see strength across all of our major markets internationally including the ones that I mentioned in Europe and Canada. And so, we continue to see that business outpace our U.S. business. And at the end of the year, I think I don't know where that lands us. I don't know, Mike, if you know off the top of your head. But we'll continue to see international grow nicely.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: No, actually, the installed base growth is new patient starts minus attrition. And as I said, attrition remained relatively flat. So, we didn't have a deceleration of new patient starts. In fact, new patient starts grew nicely in line with our expectations in Q1 so I'm not sure if I'm missing something in your question.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Right. And I guess if you're looking for additional color, we're extremely pleased with the new patient growth in the U.S. It was in line with our expectations for the first quarter.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Tao. Most of what drives attrition is market access and the price experience. So, patient who losses coverage for example which is one of the reasons why we made such an investment in growing that team and trying to expand and improve coverage for Omnipod and then the rest of the driver is the product experience and product quality. I wouldn't say that attrition comes more from a new user versus an experienced user. It's just by a number of users who are impacted by those two factors. We have made a great effort focused on new patient, meaning attrition in the first 90 days of the user experience, and we've seen some positive momentum there. But for now, we'd really don't see a change in the overall annual attrition of the user base, which has remained pretty steady.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. That expansion has gone really, really well. We were able to attract I think a super talented team and get them up and running more quickly than many of us thought we might be able to. So, that expansion is now complete. It was completed really in the first quarter. And so, those folks have been trained and they're out there kind of developing their territories, et cetera. So, that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that has enabled us to actually find many physicians who weren't previously prescribing Omnipod. So, we're seeing some expansion of the endocrinology user base, as well as just continued penetration into our existing account. So, I'm excited about the value that will drive. But based on our last two expansions, we don't really expect this team to be at full productivity again until the end of the year. So, we won't see the vast majority of that impact until late this year, early next.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. I would say we're pretty much on track and we will be showcasing at ADA and that we're on track to submit in the second half. So depending on FDA review, we'd be on the market late this year or early next. But I guess just as a reminder because of our recurring revenue model, an acceleration of a couple of months or deceleration of a couple of months, doesn't materially impact the revenue picture in the short term. But that said, we're really excited about the next generation platform so we're working hard to get it out there as soon as possible. But we continue to get feedback from all of our users in the development process and we're going to make sure that we launch the best possible products. So if that means we're a couple of weeks or a month delayed in the submission to the FDA then so be it, we're going to have the best product on the market possible.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: That's an interesting question. We've been working hard on that as well. That's not something we've given a lot of color around. And I think for competitive reasons, we probably will refrain from doing that. But as we get closer to the midst of the launch, we'll certainly give you guys a little bit more color. But we have been thinking about some new interesting models and ways to really I guess get patients access to the technology. So, good question but I guess I'd say stay tuned at this point.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Danielle. I think the difference in the impact to some of our tube pump companies on the market versus Omnipod is reflective of three things. One is our continued focus on the multiple daily injection user, I mean that is our target segment. And I don't think that's necessarily the case for the other companies out there. So, I think it speaks to the strength of that strategy. And then – obviously we have a very differentiated platform and differentiated business model, and I think that's the other thing that you see in this, just with the recurring revenue model, you don't have any particular impact in a quarter that could be something that could be disastrous for the capital models that are out in the marketplace. And then the third thing is, we have a very strong international business which isn't the case for some of our partners as well. And obviously the competitive dynamics in that market are a little bit different. So, I think all three of those things are contributing to the fact that we're not seeing the same impact that some of the other companies are. In terms of the competitive dynamics, I mean certainly there's a lot of noise on the market about the limited market release that's currently underway with 670G. But that noise has really lightened up in terms of our field feedback, again primarily because we're focused on a target segment that is different than the target segment that that product is focused toward. So, I think that that's what's driving our success and I guess the limited impact or negligible impact that we've seen.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. So just to clarify on that last piece of your question, so the type 2 population that we're targeting is the insulin dependent type 2 patient population. In some cases physicians say that they can't really even differentiate between a type 1 and a type 2. You'll hear the term type 1.5 sometimes referred to patients who are difficult to diagnose as one or the other .And so, this is a patient population where the vast majority of them in fact our data says 83% of this patient population is in the endocrinology office. So, we are not planning on entering into new physician channels or trying to go after the primary care type 2 market, which has different needs and a different access point. This population of patients is very much similar to the type 1 patient population in terms of how frequently they're seeing an endocrinology office and also the type of flexibility that they need in their insulin delivery. So probably not as much of a departure as one might expect. In terms of the data and the programs, the data – the clinical trials are being managed by Lilly, so that really is in their hands in terms of when and if they'll make the data public. But we would expect U500 data to become available next year. Whether or not they decide to present that at ADA or other conferences, I think remains to be seen and we'll work with Lilly to support them in any way we can to make that happen. But the data, the scope of the trials, similar to what you see in this space, so hundreds of patients not anything more than that. And we're excited about the impact that these have for our business and also just for patients out there that we can better serve with higher daily insulin requirements.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think the first indicator is just the growth in the installed base which is very much in line with the growth of the revenue. And we get good data from our distributors in terms of number of patients and installed growth. So, we're pretty confident in that data. So, you have that visibility that there's really nice alignment there.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, we're in active discussions with Ypsomed about next steps with the agreement, whether we extend or pick some alternative path. And because we're in active discussions, we really can't comment much. But I will say that both Insulet and Ypsomed are entirely committed to making sure that patients have continuity of care regardless of the outcome. And we just want to find the best way forward for both us.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. We did see growth across our age ranges and in fact, we're probably a little bit lighter this quarter. I mean it just shifts every quarter in pediatrics than typical. And I think that is a reflection of the volume that DTC is driving. Although that's my anecdotal feedback, I don't have direct evidence of that but it does seem that our advertising is engaging patients a bit earlier in the pipeline and their awareness of their different choices, et cetera. And I think that – because we're focused on digital channels and social media, we're just naturally getting an older age range in that group. But yeah, no, I think not much has changed in terms of the type of customer. We continue to target MDI, and that continues to make up the vast majority of our new users. I think we're just catching them at a different point in their awareness and decision-making process, thanks to the investment that we're making in the digital advertising campaign. We continue to evaluate how that's tracking on the different channels in which we're advertising. And we'll continue to sort of optimize that investment based on the return that it's providing. But so far, we're encouraged and pretty optimistic about what it can provide for us over the longer term.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: And in terms of the Neulasta Onpro kit, it's really probably a good question for Amgen. Certainly, we see that there's been terrific continued growth of this product and it continues to grow quarter-after-quarter, so I don't know that we think we're approaching some sort of steady state at this point there. It's a terrific product and there's really no reason why we shouldn't continue to see the technology grow. But that's my perspective. Amgen's probably better prepared to comment on it.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Thanks, Robbie. I appreciate the question and the opportunity to talk a bit about our Horizon product. We're really excited about the progress that we're making. You'll see, I think, pretty impressive data at ADA, just in a few weeks now in San Diego. And we should be entering a pre-pivotal later this year and entering into pivotal next year in our plan. And we're very much on track as to be in the market in 2019 in the U.S. And yes, we will still bring our product to market. We fully expect that it will be differentiated even from the technology that you're describing, the next-generation 690G. We will have some significant differentiation from that product and we expect to be more appealing to certain segments of the market for certain. So, stay tuned and hopefully you'll be at ADA to see the presentations of the data.
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah, we described the installed base for the year growing 20% globally, 15% in the U.S. So, that would imply a higher growth rate for international, which is great in both our distributor markets and our direct markets internationally.
Michael L. Levitz: Well, I would also – Robbie, this is Mike. You had alluded to how installed base is indicative of longer term, but I think we would argue that installed base is is a driver of near term as well as long term. And in fact, if you look at the growth that we talked about here, Shacey mentioned in the U.S., 15% installed base growth as of the first quarter. And when you look at our revenue guidance for the United States, apart from the 2 point year-over-year comparative on royalty that went away earlier this year, well directly our growth is absolutely and directly in line with the installed base growth. So we're really excited about the momentum we've got in the growth of the business in the quarter and that's reflected in our revenue guidance.
Michael L. Levitz: Robbie, this is Mike. As a reminder, we entered into – we're entering the new markets we, over the last number of years and one of which that was mentioned by an earlier question was France. We entered into France. Principally, the growth in France started in the second half of last year. And so, when you have the comparatives on a year-over-year basis, of course, the growth is going to go down because we didn't have France in the first half of the year principally. And so, that's the driver for which you're describing. But we are thrilled with how things are going internationally in our existing markets, and in new markets like France, and that's reflected in the strong revenue guidance that we have for the year for international.
Michael L. Levitz: Tao, this is Mike. So, we take orders from Amgen and that's what our guidance is based on. As we mentioned in the earlier comments, they've been describing very exciting growth and that's reflected in their orders to us. So, we are very comfortable with the guidance for the year and differences by quarter, we try and work with them to even it out, so that we can optimize manufacturing, but there is sometimes differences in timing and that's all that's reflected in the numbers so far versus what we're describing for the rest, but we are comfortable with the guidance for the year.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike, I would also just make the point. We watch this closely and are very clear to avoid any stocking in the channel. And so, I think you can see that from the installed base data, but that's also just an approach to how we run the business.
Michael L. Levitz: Robbie, this is Mike. So I will tell you that our spending is right in line with our expectations. When we talked about the expectations for the year, we said we were going to be spending money to establish our U.S. manufacturing. When we did the capital raise in September of last year, that was one of the primary stated purpose of it and we're right in line with, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are right on plan and really excited about the direction that's going. In the first quarter, there was some timing on working capital, nothing that changes anything about how we're viewing the numbers for the year, so everything that we've said in our guidance last quarter is still the same. And we're very pleased with our strong financial position.
Robbie J. Marcus: Right. I'm asking if you can help clarify what happened in this quarter because the installed base is really just a reflection of multiple quarters.
Robbie J. Marcus: Just a quick follow-up, based on your first quarter performance internationally and your second quarter guidance, it implies somewhere around $47 million in international sales for the back half of the year, which would be 18% year-over-year growth versus 58% in the first half. So I was just hoping you might be able to help clarify what's driving the deceleration in the back half of the year? Thanks.
Robbie J. Marcus: Okay. And one last quick one. At the recent AAC meeting, there was a presentation by a doctor talking about a competitor pump from Medtronic that might be on the market potentially by the end of 2018 with corrective boluses. Just wanted to get the latest thoughts on when your product might be available in the U.S. and how – if a product's on the market before you with corrective boluses, would you still come to market as is or would you look to change your product to catch up? Thanks.
Patrick J. Sullivan: This is Pat. I think in terms of communicating with the Street on our progress in Drug Delivery, 2018 is probably more likely. But I would like to just say that our outlook for Drug Delivery is extraordinarily bright. And we are very pleased with the progress to-date both with Amgen and with Ferring Pharmaceutical, our two commercial partners that we have at this moment. This business is different than the Omnipod business that you really need to match the drug delivery technology and capabilities that we bring to the party with the market needs and technical requirements of the pharmaceutical companies. So, it really is matching our capabilities with the market set of opportunities out there. We're very pleased with the progress we've made, with the pipeline that we have. But just given the confidential nature of these relationships with our pharma partners, it's unlikely we're going to be able to give any more than we've already given you, but I would say that we're very confident in our Drug Delivery business providing meaningful revenue to achieve our goal of $1 billion in revenue in 2021.
Patrick J. Sullivan: And we're excited about showing it to you at the upcoming ADA Meeting in San Diego. I think you'd be really excited as well.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I would just reiterate what Shacey said. It really is having the best interest of the patients in the installed base in Europe as the number one consideration. And I think the second is understanding the economics for each of us. And it's the combination of those two that would drive us to make the decision. But it's primarily going to be the continuity of care for our patients with the great installed base that Ypsomed has provided for in Europe.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Great. I thought I would get by maybe not have to answer this question, but I'm glad you asked it. If you come back to Shacey's metric in her prepared remarks, 178 million covered lives that represented about 60% of the market. When you combine Medicare and Medicaid, it makes up another 30% or so of market potential that we currently do not have access to even though we've been reasonably successful with some of the state Medicaid plans. Having said that, it is remarkable that patients when they age into Medicare lose access to the Omnipod technology even though they would be provided an alternative tube pump on a Medicare Part B. I was extremely hopeful to get a decision by the end of last year before the change in administration. And I think what happened is as that change in administration occurred, many of the decisions related to coverage and sort of what I would call routine decisions of CMS were basically put on hold, although they did describe to us that they would like to get this resolved quickly. I think where we are today with CMS, we have a very strong position with coverage of Omnipod under either Medicare Part B or Part D and I have every confidence we're going to get Medicare coverage, although I think it's just the description of our product probably fits a little more nicely into the Medicare Part D. But we have – and I think Medicare has the authority under either one of those providers coverage and we're working very actively with CMS and hope to get this resolved quickly.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yeah. Let me take Medicare first. The most important thing we have to get done first is to get a coverage decision from Medicare. And as I said, I'm very confident in our position with Medicare and we've been working with the career staffers, even though there was a change in the administration. The career staffers are the ones that have done a remarkable job I think of managing the process with CMS. And in terms of payments, after a coverage decision is made, it will depend upon whether it is which Medicare it is whether it's Part B or Part D, there are different processes that are put in place for payment decisions at that point in time. But I guess I'd just say, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it hopefully soon.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Thank you, operator. I will once again finish where I started on the conference call by saying that I'm extremely pleased with Insulet's performance so far in 2017, and I'm very confident this trend will continue. Simply put, we have the right team in place to drive significant performance and success, and we have the right tools in place to win and to achieve our goal of $1 billion in revenue by 2021. As always, I would like to close by thanking the Insulet employees for all of their hard work and dedication, to ease the burden and improve the lives of people living with diabetes and other diseases. I'd also like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to sharing with you our progress during what I know will be a very exciting 2017. Thank you very much.
