Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Thanks, Wayde. It's great to have you on the team. I would like to reiterate Wayde's excitement about the opportunities ahead for Insulet, as we continue to build on our momentum and execute our strategic imperatives, we are focused on expanding our addressable market, investing in innovation, and growing our international footprint, all while demonstrating operational excellence and driving significant top and bottom line growth. We have the right roadmap in place for long-term growth and superior financial performance, which we are confident will drive significant shareholder value creation. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator to open for questions.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Yeah. So in terms of DASH access, I think you could assume it's going to be somewhat lumpy. There are still a few large plans out there that we're working on. So those could be significant adds, and we will continue to build that access throughout the year. So – but we feel great about having 130 million covered lives. It's a really strong position to move into coverage for DASH. So that's great. In terms of the early experience about customer adoption and kind of where we're at with the no-charge PDM, just a couple pieces of color on that. The first is that Q1 was another record quarter for us in terms of new patient starts. And so the great thing about this is that we haven't seen any type of slowdown in demand as we neared the full market release for DASH. And I think that's a testament to the strength of the business model, that people know that they can get on to Omnipod, and as soon as they have access to DASH, they'll be able to access that technology without any delay. And then we're kind of in the early innings of our full market release for DASH. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we've got a great pipeline, thousands of patients that have already preordered the product really with no promotion, right? Because we moved into full market release at the end of Q1 to supply the channel, and we're just starting to ramp promotion now, so we feel like we're in a good spot.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. We – I mean, one of the reasons – there were many reasons to partner with Tidepool, but one of the reasons was that they had potentially a faster pathway to market, if they were able to get the FDA to agree to their clinical strategy, and so we are prepared to kind of capitalize on whichever product makes it to market first, and we do see value in both programs.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. Those are great questions. So first of all, on your first comment, I think you can look at the bump in guidance in the U.S. as a sign that we feel really good about the momentum and strength of the business in the U.S. So I would concur with you on that. As it relates to U-500, we have probably a little bit more aggressive estimate in terms of potential FDA clearance there, so – but I don't think it really matters, David, because it's not a material impact from a revenue perspective, it's a pretty niche population. We are excited about being able to offer the product to the market, but it won't really move the needle from a revenue standpoint. And then the last question was about Horizon and full market release. We're actually evaluating that now, how do we actually get to use the clinical study potentially as a way to test some of the things that we would do in a normal limited market release to get to full market release more quickly. So, we'll give you more color on that as we kind of get closer to the FDA approval date and through the pivotal studies.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Hey, actually, I'm glad you asked that question, because I think it gives us an opportunity to just sort of clarify. We look at two advantages to DASH, and they're not – in some cases, they overlap, and in some cases, they don't. So, one advantage is the pharmacy channel, that's a really attractive channel for us, an attractive channel for patients, and attractive channel for physicians, because it's efficient, there's less hurdles, it's really easy and a good customer experience for our patients, and for us, it's a more financially attractive channel. And so we are using DASH to really move into the pharmacy channel. But the pay-as-you-go strategy is sort of somewhat separate, and really could apply – we think it applies perfectly to the pharmacy channel, but it also can apply to the DME channel. So, I think the verbiage you're referring to on our website just would indicate that if a DME provider – and I think we have already disclosed that United is one of these – if a DME provider is willing to transfer the value of the PDM into the Pod and move to this pay-as-you-go model, then we are certainly willing to partner with them and contract with them. So, yes, it will be available in both channels. However, today, the vast majority of that is pharmacy and the vast majority of the additional lives because we had already secured United are pharmacy.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think it's a good question for the DME providers. I mean, United is a great example of a payer who did that, but there's other reasons to put the product in pharmacy, we're obviously designated as a Part B product, and so we'll see how that plays out. I think what we feel good about is that the coverage is strong and growing. And so that, to us, is just a really strong indicator that we're going to be able to transition the business to pay-as-you-go and primarily in the pharmacy, both of which, as Wayde said earlier, are just really good for us. So, in a perfect world, to me, we'd have the vast majority of the business going through the pay-as-you-go model, and secondarily, in the pharmacy.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. So we don't share that detail in terms of the breakdown, but I will say it's a combination of Medicare, Medicaid, and commercial. And I would say at this point, we're tracking at or slightly ahead of our expectations in terms of coverage. So we feel really good about that. And I think the thing I always like to take the opportunity to remind everybody is that it's a great position for us to be in, because if we were launching just through the DME channel, and just leveraging our existing contracts, 100% – we may be able to convert a larger percentage, call it, 90% of people would have access to it, but they would all be stuck in that four-year lock-in period. And so really, only a small percentage of them would be able to access DASH until they waited out their warranty period. So we feel like this model, and this, I guess, somewhat disruption that we're causing as we kind of do these new contracts and establish this new channel and establish this new product, is worth the investment and the disruption, because as Wayde said, a long-term tailwind for us and also a great competitive advantage for the business.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Well, it's true that still today it's the vast majority, 75% of our business comes from multiple daily injections. So we are certainly helping to grow the overall pump market. And I would say that it does feel like the market is accelerating. I don't have – it's difficult to get great data on that, but you're right that historic estimates were that it would grow somewhere between 5% and 8%, and it does feel like it's accelerating. And I think it's just a testament to the fact that technology is getting better and people, especially with CGM, are just adopting technology at higher rates.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So both questions, I guess, are tied to Drug Delivery. So in terms of the trajectory of the business, I think we feel comfortable that there are plenty of levers for growth to meet our long term – both our long-term revenue and margin goals, so those 2021 stated goals, really kind of regardless of what happens with the Drug Delivery benefit because it's – or Drug Delivery trajectory because it's become a smaller component of our business, so we look to things like, for example, international expansion to help offset whatever risk there might be in a trajectory tied to Drug Delivery. That said, we continue – obviously it's not an area of the business that we give a lot of color on, because the development programs are long, but we do continue to have great activity in early exploratory work going on in that area. So, we don't have specific color to offer, except for that it's still an area of exploration for us.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So I don't have an update on U200. But in terms of Horizon, the next milestone that everybody needs to look for is the pivotal. That pivotal trial will probably take us a few months to get through, and then we will consolidate that data and submit. I think you know, Robbie, as do many on the call, that we were designated as part of the Breakthrough Devices Program. And so we have a very collaborative, very frequent interaction with the FDA. So they review our clinical protocols, they review our strategy and our milestones on a regular basis. So we expect to benefit from an accelerated review process as a result of that designation. So I don't have more milestones to provide you beyond the fact that pivotals will happen at the end of this year, and those will likely go through the early part of 2020. And then we will consolidate that data and submit. In terms of how the launch might play out after that, I think I was mentioning that earlier, we are evaluating opportunities to be able to use the pivotal trial as somewhat of a limited market release. And some of that will depend on the access strategy and on the pricing strategy that we're kind of all working through. So I don't have a lot of color to offer you yet, but certainly as we get closer to submitting for pivotals, we'll continue to provide those updates.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Danielle. I think the way to think about it is that the Type 2 insulin-dependent segment for us is going to grow. We believe that's going to grow, frankly, with or without concentrated insulins. Concentrated insulins are helpful, but what we've seen in terms of that segment's reaction to DASH, we believe that we've got a really nice pathway to continue to expand that population. It's approximately 15% of our U.S. business today, and it was actually about 15% of the DASH limited market release, too, which is why we got good visibility to that data and how they were sort of reacting to the DASH user experience, and it was just tremendous. So we feel really good that we have a product that's going to be very appealing to both people living with Type 1 and also insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes. So I think you're right, in that U200 is the larger opportunity and could contribute more, but I think what we've seen is that, in fact, because Omnipod is reducing total daily dose of insulin by almost 20% in people living with Type 2, we actually have just a much larger opportunity there to grow that business even without concentrated insulins.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. So that's actually the great news. And one of the reasons why I alluded to the fact that it's likely that that segment will really appreciate the pharmacy channel, because the actual barriers to coverage, particularly for people living with Type 2 insulin-dependent diabetes, are much lower or in fact non-existent relative to the DME channel. So just one example is the C-peptide test, which is a requirement in the DME Medicare channel and is not a requirement in the Medicare pharmacy Part D channel. So, we feel actually good that we're in a really strong position. It's one of the strategic benefits of kind of building out the pharmacy channel is the great coverage for people who – all people who require insulin on a daily basis, not just Type 1s.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, it's access-dependent. So every new user that has access and wants it can get it. But obviously, we've got 130 million covered lives. So that's about 33%, 35% of all covered lives. And so that's about the segment, I would guess, of new patients that will have access to DASH.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: It's a great question. And I'd – actually, Ravi, I don't have color to offer that to you kind of in front of me. I will say that at a high level, the patient mix hasn't changed. So we don't have a change in the number of patients coming from pumps versus MDI, still today, about 75% of our patients come to us from multiple daily injections versus pumps.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. I'd just – I'll quickly answer the first, and let Wayde weigh in on the second. So we don't have expectations in the plan that the mix of patients coming from pumps versus MDI will change in the pharmacy relative to the DME. So we fully expect to continue to stick with our strategy, which is to convert MDI users.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I don't have specific numbers to provide, only to say that, I think I have now said three calls running that we have had record new patients start quarters – three or four calls running now. And I think that is a direct result of the impact of market access. And so we certainly have started to see for example our age group in the Medicare age group increase more significantly and contribute more significantly to new patient starts and likely also to retention. So I don't have a sense of what percentage is it contributing, but it is definitely driving outsized performance in new patient starts.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, that's right. So, we did actually have a stronger Q1 by quite a bit, but it is true that Q1 is our seasonally lightest quarter.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Suraj. So, I think it's a fair question. So, first I'll say it's very, I guess, challenging or difficult to compare the growth rates because the business models are very different, so I just want to make sure that we're all clear, right. They take four years of revenue upfront and we've got this recurring revenue model, and so challenging to kind of compare those growth rates. It's also by the way – I also think the CGM integration is a big piece of what's driving, for example, Tandem's growth trajectory which is kind of why we're so excited about DASH, which gives CGM light integration and Horizon. But what we understand and what we hear from clinicians is that Omnipod is differentiated for MDI users, who don't want to move to a tube pump, who they would not otherwise have adopted a tube pump and that's supported by data that we get on a quarterly basis of our new patient starts where 66% of them now tell us that they would not be on pump therapy if not for Omnipod. So we really do believe that they are distinct segments and that we're helping to grow the overall population. That said, I think we should all acknowledge that we're kind of coming up on the innovation curve too as it relates to CGM integration and it's one of the reasons why the business model shift was so strategic for us because if we now enable patients to be able to move to our new technologies like DASH and Horizon when they want without having to wait out their four-year period, as we bring these innovations to market like DASH and like Horizon will really enable people to kind of adopt those as they want to. So both are important to us, to continue to invest in innovation and also this business model move that enables us to drive growth as we bring innovation to market at the cadence that we bring innovation to market.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Suraj. And yes the answer is, I mean it's clearly demonstrated in why we're building access so quickly for DASH, it's because payers are really attracted to the pay-as-you-go model. So, you call that a per member per month fee or you just call that Omnipod, right. Both are the same in that they are pay-as-you-go models and they are risk adjusted for the payer because they're not flunking down thousands of dollars upfront, and then just hoping for patient compliance. It really eliminates that risk for the payer. And it's one of the main reasons outside of this other kind of innovation piece that I talked about that we moved to that model.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, it's a great question, Steve. So, we do plan to bring DASH to Europe. We don't plan to do that in any substantive way until 2020 because we're only 10 months into that business and so we really wanted to make sure that the team and the business and all of our functions were well established before we brought new products into the mix in Europe. And the other reason is because one of the whole theses of going into Europe was to establish a direct presence there, so we can better understand what's the right configuration and the right go-to-market strategy for DASH in these various markets in Europe. So, what we know is there's great demand. We know that the configuration will be slightly different than what we see in the U.S. One example is there are different privacy requirements and frankly different value propositions tied to data and tied to apps, and so that may look different and we'll see where we go with that. But our plan is to have the product configurations and the market launch plan finalized by the end of this year, and we're also doing the work to do the translations for this year and we should be moving into limited market releases with DASH sometime in early 2020.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, we do believe we'll be taking advantage of that pathway. And so, we're not really in any hurry because it's tied to the Horizon clinical development pathway which has some runway yet and then also there is no other iCGM at this point and so there's not real advantage from that perspective. But it's a great, I think, avenue that we'll all want to take advantage of eventually. We reviewed the special controls and don't have any issues meeting the special controls.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Raj, nice try. We're not giving the price uplift, just suffice it to say that we have sort of transitioned the value of the PDM into the Pod price, and for that pharmacies are relatively open because we are eliminating a risk and an upfront cost for them. So, we haven't – obviously I think just the fact that we have established such strong access in a short period of time is just a testament to the fact that the value proposition works for the payer and the pharmacy. We're – obviously we feel good about our position. I don't think we would expect to give any guidance on pricing and kind of how we view the future there any time soon. But we do expect that segment of our business to grow. We expect to be a more attractive segment both from a top and bottom line.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. I think it's a good question because we obviously want to be able to give you guys some color around both pharmacy and DASH. DASH is a big piece of pharmacy. So we're looking at various things like maybe percentage of new patients in the pharmacy or percentage of the business in the pharmacy. We're still discussing what metrics we'll provide, but we're certainly committed to giving you guys some qualitative and where we can quantitative color on how DASH and pharmacy are going. So we'll figure that piece out. But the other thing just to be clear, the other thing that we – I have said is that, where the revenue growth and the customer base growth diverge, we will give that color. And that certainly did not happen this quarter or we would have given you that color. And going forward if that diverges because of the pricing model being different in the pharmacy, we will provide that color.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Thank you and thank you all for joining us today. We're off to a great start this year and we are set up for a remarkable 2019 and an even brighter future. As always, I want to thank the Insulet team across the globe, working to improve the lives of people living with diabetes. We couldn't be more excited about the strong momentum we have throughout our business and that's very much down to the team and their execution. So we look forward to updating you again next quarter on our progress. Thank you and have a great evening.
Wayde McMillan - Insulet Corp.: Yeah, hey, David. Thank you, and thanks for the comment. It's great to be here. Yeah, so we are still holding the estimate from last quarter, which is expecting a unfavorable PDM revenue of about $6 million to $8 million in this year because of the pay-as-you-go model, where we have the no-charge PDM. So in other words, we recognized revenue last year for the PDM; this year, we will not. For some of our PDM sales, some will still be sold through the traditional channels, but for those that are under the pay-as-you-go model, it will be a no-charge PDM. And so we still think it will be $6 million to $8 million. What we also said was that it will be neutral for the year. And so what that means is, as we ramp our (sic) pay-as-you-go model, we will have no-charge PDMs, and those will start here in Q2 and will start to ramp. The benefit of moving customers into the pharmacy channel will start to accrue. And as that customer base builds, the benefit of that will start to offset the no-charge model, and eventually become a tailwind for us. And so the more customers that we get on the pay-as-you-go model, we'll have more of a headwind upfront from the PDM, but it will be overall good for our business, because over the long term, that will be a favorable impact for us. So hopefully that answers the question, David.
Wayde McMillan - Insulet Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Jayson. So working with – through this with our teams right now, we're not expecting a significant amount of channel build in Q2. However, it is something we're monitoring very closely. So, not in Q2, and we're working with the teams to understand it as we work through this new channel. And if we do see it, we'll be sure to let you know.
Wayde McMillan - Insulet Corp.: No, thanks, and on the question of leverage, so not yet. So, one of the things that we have had to invest in is being able to support the new move into the pharmacy channel, while we kept the investment for our other direct and DME businesses. And so we do expect over time, given that it's a more efficient model, but as we scale, we'll be able to reduce the investment on the traditional side of the business and ramp more efficiently on the pharmacy side, but that certainly does not have an impact on the current quarter, and we probably won't see that for some time, given that we still have to support the base business in our traditional channels.
Wayde McMillan - Insulet Corp.: Okay, good. Hey, Matt. It's Wayde. So the $6 million to $8 million as we mentioned before from a pacing standpoint, we think it's pretty consistent across the quarters of the year. As we move into the DASH release here, we're assuming that it will be more in Q2, Q3 and Q4 certainly than it was in Q1. And you know the thing I think is important to know is that you know our PDM revenue is a small percentage of our total revenue. And so, the headwind from last year even if we didn't have any PDM revenue in other words if we were successful and had all customers move to the pay-as-you-go model, it would probably be slightly outside of our guidance range, but it wouldn't be that significant. And so, we think we've captured the right amount in our guidance for Q2. It's one of the reasons why it's ticked down a little bit from our annual run rate from the prior year at 19%. And we think that once we get more customers on the pay-as-you-go model and we start to accrue the benefit from that, it becomes neutral and eventually becomes a tailwind for us. So I don't think I would make a huge deal out of that and so – just given that it's a pretty small percentage of our revenue overall.
