Patrick J. Sullivan: Thank you, Shacey. I continue to be pleased with our early results we are generating from these initiatives that we put in place since the beginning of the year. And I'm also very excited about the efforts underway which Shacey outlined to further expand the use of OmniPod System and leverage our market insights to deliver an outstanding customer experience in our diabetes business. I'm also equally excited about what we are doing in drug delivery, with six agreements and our commercial success with Amgen, and the foundation we are putting in place there for future growth. We have a very strong team. We are focused on accountability and ensuring a positive experience for our customers, our shareholders, and our employees. With that, operator, let's turn the call up for questions.
Patrick J. Sullivan: So, I think what I will start with is why it happened, and then I can go into why I believe it won't happen again. So, first of all we made a change that was cut into the manufacturing lines in July to improve the product performance as part of the sustaining engineering effort that every company goes through. And that changed product passed all existing testing and release criteria that we had in place. But the performance in the field identified a failure mechanism that we had not seen in production, and we have improved our processes and inspection procedures to address that issue. I think, furthermore, as we think about why we will ensure this won't happen again, I would just reiterate that I am very unhappy, from both a patient and financial perspective, with this occurrence. But I think, to the positive, we identified the issue quickly, we took corrective action, and we contained the impact to customers. As many of you know, we hired Mike Spears from Covidien Medtronic, and he has been here now 100 days, with 16 years of quality and regulatory experience to help increase the capability of the organization. With Mike's guidance we are tightening up our processes and procedures to improve product and customer – improving the customer experience as well as the quality, and we're putting in place the foundation for long-term sustainable growth. And I guess, you know at the end of the day, I don't think we could ever say there's a zero chance it would never happen again. But I would say that with the right people, the focus on processes and procedures, it is possible to significantly reduce that risk substantially. And I can tell you that I am very focused on the manufacturing and quality organization to do the best that I can to ensure this never happens again.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yeah. So, with respect to stocking versus actual utilization, on their most recent conference call they talked about 19% of the doses of Neulasta administered in the United States were given using the OmniPod device. So that's kind of where we are. Purchases – or revenues that we generated in addition to that would represent stocking. We think that that's going to continue to grow. That's our second full quarter of OBI, or the OmniPod device delivering Neulasta in the market. So I think we're on a really accelerated conversion ramp here. And our objective would be to convert every dose in the United States of Neulasta to be administered with the OmniPod device. We think that's about 1 million doses.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yeah. With respect to your second question, we talked about six additional agreements that we have in hand. I'd say three of those agreements are with very large pharmaceutical partners. Each of those companies would be ranked in the top 15 pharmaceutical companies in the world. Each of those agreements, we would expect to have a magnitude equal to or greater than the agreement that we have in place with Amgen. The other three agreements are with smaller companies, earlier-stage development agreements. Potentially very large, lucrative agreements for us, but it's a little early to predict. But I'd say we've got a range of opportunities here, some as large as what we think the Amgen opportunity can be, some smaller.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Sure. I'll take that one. This is Pat. We're on track to submit our Phoenix PDM product to the FDA in the middle of next year, and we would expect to have that on the market or approved by the end of next year. And we are on track and working with Dexcom for the integration of their G5 sensor with the OmniPod device. That said, I think what obviously everyone is seeing is a move to the phone. And Shacey has done some work from our customers to really understand the interest that they have in seeing the pump settings, as well as the Dexcom CGM results, on an iPhone or an Android phone.
Patrick J. Sullivan: And I would just echo that we are committed to an artificial pancreas product offering. I believe we have the best product configuration and footprint for the artificial pancreas use, and we are committed to get there.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I would also say that there has not been the noise in this quarter that we've had historically, in inventory levels and all the other, I'll call it chaff, running through the results. And therefore, this is a very clean quarter from a end-product use by the customers quarter, so you don't have that other noise. So yes, I would say this is a good quarter to use.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yeah, this is Pat again. As I have stated in my previous conference calls, the Medicare coverage for me is my number-one priority, and continue to work the avenues that we have discussed in the past. I would say we're making progress, but we're not there yet. And I think confident that the two approaches that we're taking with Medicare coverage are the right approaches. It's just hard for me to predict exactly when we might achieve Medicare coverage. But I can tell you that I'm all over it.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Well, I think what we initially have right now is sufficient to take it to the payors. But as I, I think, talked about last year, the first and foremost is to take the data that we have in-house, to develop that into data that can be published into the marketplace, peer-reviewed journals. And Shacey mentioned – I believe that was the one that was submitted for this quarter, that will be the first indication that we will have in published information. In addition to that, Shacey has been working on – the clinical team has been working on additional studies to show the clinical and economic benefits of OmniPod. And those studies or publications are in various processes of bringing to the clinical community. And we will continue to do this. This is not a once – do it once and you're done; it's a continuous process, and we'll continue to provide publication and clinical support to provide the patients, clinicians and payors to make the case of the – the use of OmniPod is cost effective.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I think all clinicians, for the most part, are absolutely interested. They are data hounds. They love to see the data. And I think the studies and the work that we've done specifically targeting endocrinologists on the benefits of OmniPod will be very helpful. And Shacey, we've already done some already, targeting for physicians. But we've already started that process, and the initial indications are very positive of their receptivity to clinical data. That's what doctors are interested in: how is this beneficial for my patient? Why does it make sense for me to provide this therapy to this patient? If you show them that you can increase their – reduce their A1c levels, get their glucose more in tighter control, that's a real strong selling message for clinicians.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yes. I think the good news there is that Lilly just enrolled their first patient this month. So that clinical trial is on track and on progress. The majority of that trial is basically being run by Lilly because it requires the recruitment of patients, and we are on track with that and very excited about bringing that opportunity to market.
Patrick J. Sullivan: We have the capability in our manufacturing processes to do that with not a lot of change. It's a design change you make to the motherboard of the product, et cetera. But it's – we have that capability from a manufacturing engineering perspective to do that.
Patrick J. Sullivan: That's something we are clearly evaluating. We have done some – a fair bit of work on that product concept. I guess it's a little too early for us to comment specifically about that, but we are focused on that. Because that's where the market's going, obviously, right? As Shacey talked about. People want to see – they don't want to see things on your pump display; they want to see it on their phone.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I would say in terms of the importance of your existing installed base of patients versus new patient starts, both are important. I think what you need to do is to gain new patients through your efforts in new patient starts. And I think Shacey, as she describes, the team's doing a great job with that. But once those people get on the product, it's also very important to retain them. And the more patients you can retain over time, you can continue to grow your installed base and provide the technology to everyone, not only the new patient starts but the installed base. So both efforts and activities are very important to the long-term, sustainable business that we are developing here. In terms of the bps, Mike speaks in bps. I don't speak in bps.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I would say that there was some criticism of bringing in a team that didn't have a lot – diabetes experience. I would counter that argument by saying that if you look at insulin in its totality, we have got great and deep customer – or diabetes experience with our CSNs in the field that are talking to diabetes clinicians. Each and every day we have a medical director that's a well-known and regarded endocrinologist, Howard Zisser. And even to the board of directors; one of our directors is from the Joslin Clinic. But what I have brought in here, I think, is a winning and organized group of people that have very high standards of performance, that focus on the right things and drive execution to perform and to provide long-term, sustainable growth. So that's our strategy. That's the people that we brought in place, and I think from my perspective, you can take it to the bank that this is – the trajectory that we are on is one that we are going to continue to drive for, now and into the future.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Well, I think the overall platform to think about is the basic OmniPod platform, which is a disposable patch pump that's very easy for the patient to apply and to wear over a period of one, two or three days. So that's kind of the overall platform that we think about. But for each of these drug delivery opportunities, there will be some level of customization required. And I'll go back to our Amgen agreement and our product that we provide to Amgen to deliver Neulasta. Again, that looks very much like the OmniPod product that's used to deliver insulin. But it's customized; it delivers, after a certain interval of time, after it's been administered to the patient, it delivers the drug over a specified interval of time, a certain volume is administered. And then the device shuts down and alarms and tells the patient they're done. So there's that level of customization that we see is likely in each of these opportunities that we have at hand.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yes. If you look at the larger-volume product that we just unveiled this past week, that looks very much like the original OmniPod System.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I think you need to ask them. That's not our area of expertise. The pharma companies are the folks that manage their inventory. It's obvious that they have a large pipeline that they need to fill when they launch a new pharmaceutical product, so there's significant inventory requirements to get that pipeline, that distribution channel full, in order to launch the product. So, each of these agreements, when they become commercial reality, will require stocking to take place. But again, I'd refer you to the pharma companies to get a better sense for the magnitude of that. I will continue to come back to the fact that we started at zero in February, and today we are at 19% conversion of the doses of Neulasta administered in the United States. It's a terrific trajectory that we're on, and we see that continuing going into the future.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Thank you, operator. Before we conclude today's call, I'd like to publicly congratulate the Insulet commercial team for their spectacular performance this quarter. For the marketing team who put together a great customer-driven marketing messages and programs, the sales team who executed to deliver a record third-quarter new patient starts, and the clinical services team who put together an outstanding diabetes training and support for all of our customers. You guys are on a roll. Keep up the good work, and thank you for a job well done. Thank you, operator.
Michael L. Levitz: Hi, this is Mike. I'll answer that question. So first of all, in terms of comparisons, I just want to make sure we're talking about the right thing. So our gross margin this quarter, when you pull out the specific $7.7 million that we just discussed, is higher than where our margins were in the second quarter. You said it was lower; I just want to be clear. But regardless of that, when we look at year-over-year comparisons, there are a couple of other factors that come into play in our gross margins. First of all, there's about a point of gross margin that were impacted by royalties. As I described previously in some public comments, there was a renewal fee that was paid from a few years ago that had been amortizing into the company's revenue, and ended at the beginning of this year – actually the end of last year. And so that created – and that's essentially – that royalty business was essentially all margin. And so that was about a point, as you look at this year versus last year, for Q3. In addition to that, as previously described, we had a price decrease, according to the contract with our international distributor. And that also resulted in a reduction. We do not expect further price decreases there, so that does impact us on a year-over-year comparison. But we do not expect it to impact us going forward.
Michael L. Levitz: Sure. This is Mike. So, we expect growth for the second half of the year to be in the low to mid teens for both U.S. OmniPod and international OmniPod. So, mid-point of the guidance is around $51 million for U.S. OmniPod, so between $50 million and $52 million, and between $14 million and $16 million for international. So pretty much in line with where we were before, but we are definitely encouraged by what we are seeing with all of the positive momentum. And Neighborhood we expect to be north of what we said before, but not by a lot, so midpoint probably around $15.5 million to $16 million.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. So, I think it's fair to say, and I think I've said before, that I expect – or we expect R&D this year to be north of – to be in the low teens, low to mid teens. And so I think it was a little bit lower this quarter, but it really is – it's timing- and project-specific. As things continue to ramp up on the artificial pancreas, that has some impacts here as we look forward, where it would be a little bit higher. But as I said in my remarks, we have a variable spend that we brought in to ramp up these projects, that we can then ramp back down. So, longer-term we expect R&D to be more in line with a 10% rate, long-term. But I think this year, next, it's going to be north of that as we accelerate these important projects.
Michael L. Levitz: Yeah, he mentioned Lutrelef. You got Lutrelef in there, but you're just low. We are very comfortable with the guidance we just gave.
Michael L. Levitz: This is Mike. I'll just add a few comments to that. So we have talked about the investments that we have been making in the commercial organization related to both of those items. One being the sales force and the support in clinical around new patient starts. Because the new patient starts we add each year – I mean, this is driving – not a one-time benefit for us but a multiple-year benefit, as people stay on the product. So each new patient start has a tremendous amount of value if we can retain them. That said, new patient starts represent just still a small part of our installed base in any given period. So retaining that installed base and having those folks continue on the product has a dramatic impact on the bottom line and the top line, and really about us achieving our mission. So, I think, we are investing in both of them because, in terms of our drive towards not just top-line growth but overall growth in the bottom line, reaching new patients and retaining those patients, it's a critical part of what we're trying to do.
Michael L. Levitz: Oh, in terms of the impact on revenues, no, it will not have an impact on revenues. There will be an impact on cost of goods sold, or cost of revenue...
Michael L. Levitz: ...but not on revenues. There's about $1 million of products that we are reserving that were procured in October, in the beginning of the fourth quarter. And therefore, as we reserve it, that ends up being a fourth-quarter charge, as opposed to the third quarter. But there will not be an impact to revenue.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Tao, this is Shacey. I would say that we have early indications that we are making an impact on the attrition of new patients. But it's been a few months and we really want to monitor the trend for a bit more before calling it a significant win. But as I said before, small improvements in attrition can really drive significant value for our business over the long term. And we're focused on providing the best customer experience possible. And so I think that's going to drive significant value; it's just early days at this point.
Shacey Petrovic: Well, we're evaluating pharmacy as an attractive potential channel for us. Obviously, we have a unique product configuration that makes us well suited for that channel, where our competitors aren't. And we've seen other successes like Dexcom's in that channel, so we do have an active exploration, I would say. But we are early days for that as well, and we'll certainly provide more detail as it becomes a more viable pathway forward for us.
Shacey Petrovic: Well, first of all, I would say – and I know Pat would echo this – that, you know, the appropriate goal is 0%. We want to deliver an outstanding customer experience. And so, really, our goal is to retain all of our patients as happy, loyal, long-term patients for OmniPod. That said, 91%, a fairly high customer loyalty number and retention, if you look at it across other industries. We believe it's reasonable to think about reducing that 1% to 2% over the next year. And that drives significant value for us.
Shacey Petrovic: Yeah. I would say, Robbie, that our market research demonstrates that patients really want to see this information ideally on their phone, rather than their pump. And I think that makes a lot of sense for a number of reasons, not the least of which is, if you look at Tandem or Animus today, their integration is already somewhat obsolete, because Dexcom is launching G5 and they are both integrated with G4. And so we see this desire for the patients to have this information on their phone, and we are evaluating ways, working with Dexcom to evaluate ways to accelerate CGM integration, and maybe using mobile as a way to do that. So, I would say stay tuned at this point. But it's something we are clearly aware of, in terms of our patients wanting to have it. The question is, can we get it where they want to have it? And that's what we're working on.
Shacey Petrovic: I mean, Patrick comment, but I would say that the program is very active. We've identified our algorithm partners. We have early clinical and development pathway and pipeline meetings on a regular basis. We are very excited. We believe that our product is the most innovative and the most differentiated. And if we can combine that with an AP offering, we know that it's going to be something that patients want. So at this point I think it's a little early for us to comment on next steps and specifics, but know that it's an active investment and active project here.
Shacey Petrovic: I would say that utilization doesn't really change, quarter to quarter. So, utilization this quarter is consistent with where it's been, previous quarters.
Shacey Petrovic: The expansion is definitely driving the increased new patient starts. And we did also focus a portion of the field's time on retention, so it's a bit difficult at this point to compare rep productivity. But we are very pleased with the results. Clearly, they are making a terrific impact. The message is resonating and we are excited about the growth that was delivered this quarter.
Shacey Petrovic: We are expecting the international business to be consistent with the run rate that we saw this quarter. This quarter reflected, really for the first time in a couple of quarters, I think, true end-user demand. And obviously Ypsomed has talked positively about the growth in their patient install base, and they are our largest international distributor.
Shacey Petrovic: Yeah, I would say we definitely have. We've seen strong utilization from most of our targeted high-volume physicians. And we have a number of programs, including our Pod Promise program, which we have positioned to help us regain support and advocacy from physicians who may have had patients who had challenges with quality in the past. So I think ultimately physicians – the message that we have really clinically differentiated OmniPod, and the programs that we have rolled out have been very well received by clinicians and patients.
Shacey Petrovic: I would say for, let's see, the large-volume pod, for example – that would be designed to address patients who have larger insulin requirements, like Type 2 patients or very insulin-resistant Type 1 patients. And there's really two ways you can go after that. You can go after that with a larger reservoir, larger pod, which I think works very well for Dan's side of the business and patients who are wearing the pod for short periods of time. But it might not work as well for patients like our diabetes patients, who have to wear the pod every day. And the other way to go after that patient population really is with concentrated insulin. And that's what we believe the patient would prefer and will provide a better patient experience. And so, that's where we're focused in terms of addressing patients who have larger insulin-requiring needs. The second piece of your question was regarding the Bluetooth technology, and this benefit for compliance. I would say we absolutely are looking at that as a potential way to offer CGM integration and other integration and data management for the patient. So both of those will be leveraged. I guess the Bluetooth will be leveraged, as the larger volume will be gone after in a different way.
