Jim Hollingshead: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. It's really early days. So let me start first and foremost with for us, patient safety is absolutely the top priority, right? And in terms of the complaints we're seeing on the charging of the Omnipod 5, it's a small number of complaints. At this point, we're looking at like a couple of dozen complaints, but we're looking at it really closely. And we don't yet have enough data to be able to understand exactly what's going on and what the risk levels are. And so we're looking at it. We're going to fully investigate it. And if we have to take any kind of action we're going to be -- as I said in the prepared comments, we're going to be really fast. We're going to be completely transparent with our customers, completely transparent with investors and obviously with the FDA, right? So I think it's too early to say, and we're looking at it really closely.
Jim Hollingshead: Travis, I'll start on that, and then I'll ask the team to maybe add some color. I'll just say that Omnipod 5 is such an appealing offer. And I think the general market has been waiting for Omnipod 5. It's revolutionary. You guys all know the value prop, but wearable disposable tubeless patch pump, we competed on that form factor for a long time very successfully. Now we've added automated insulin delivery. So patients no longer have to make the choice between a patch pump and an AID pump. And that -- and you couple that with all of the access to the channel, the reimbursement access and the economics. I don't think that value prop is going to be any less appealing in Q4 or in 2023 than it is today. But I'll ask the team if they want to add color.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. In fact, I'll just tag on to Bret's comments. That's a key thing for us in terms of growing the TAM. We obviously -- we have the leading offer right now for patients with type 2 diabetes with Omnipod DASH, as Bret just referred to. But with the basal-only pod, we'll be getting much earlier and much further upstream into the journey of patients. And because it will be the same core Omnipod platform as a product, patients will get used to using our Omnipod product. And then as their insulin needs change, it creates the pathway for them on to our other offerings. So it's a great experience for patients. We're going to dramatically simplify the use of basal insulin for those type 2 patients. And then those customers as they progress in their therapy will have a natural pathway and/or other offerings.
Jim Hollingshead: So on Basel, yes, it is a 510(k). we were submitting it imminently. Just a couple o. We don't want to get out in front of time lines on approvals. So we don't want -- don't want do that publicly. We'll let you guys know as we get approval and what we're going to do. And then as Bret was saying, there's work to be done on the commercialization plan. And I think the reason for that is it's a new-to-world offer. It's not a new pod. It's an Omnipod platform built on our core offering. But the patient set is new, the channel might be new. The call points might include new call points. There's just a lot to consider in the commercial offering that we need to work through. And so we don't want to jump the gun on talking about these things until we have more certainty.
Jim Hollingshead: So we'll start with IOS, the iOS, that work is proceeding, as we said last quarter, we're really confident in what we're building there. Our teams have tested it. We've had it out of testing on sample customers. And we'll give you more update as we get closer. That's another one I don't want to jump the gun on and it's our practice to not talk about those dates until they're right in our hands. And so but we're very confident that our iOS offering is going to be very strong, And we want to get it to market as quickly as we can. On the basal pod, I'll just say that -- maybe you can -- maybe the guys can remind me of the question
Jim Hollingshead: We're not ready to talk about pricing. I will say about the basal pod is that because it's based on our core Omnipod platform, it has all the same IP wrapped into it all the same IP protection. What's different about it is that it's basal-only. And so it doesn't take a controller. It has a basal rate built into it. It makes it really simple for -- just to give you some color to what we're picturing here. It's because it's the Omnipod with the auto insertion, it's really easy to put on anybody has a needle phobia. Look, I'm needle phobic, right? And I warn the Omnipod, I can't fill go in. And that's what we're going for here. Is anybody that is on basal-only therapy and has to do daily or with the injections who has needle phobia doesn't really want to do that. And the beauty of this basal-only pod is it's going to make that insertion really easy and then allow the customer to get their basal rate on a continuous basis over 72 hours. It's very disruptive -- and it's -- we think it's going to be an extremely simple experience and really change and potentially lift should have a huge benefit to their care and a huge potential benefit to payers. But there's a lot to be worked through. So we're not going to talk about pricing. We're not going to talk about COGS and those things. We'll give you guys more detail as we get closer.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. Look, I think as we said earlier in the call, customers no longer need to choose. So a number of customers have forever been drawn to the great simplicity and elegance and ease of use of the pod form factor. And with Omnipod 5, we're offering a fantastic AID algorithm. And so to get AID therapy and the preferred form factor, to get into the channel they want, to get it with the economics they want. And so it's actually not surprising to us to see a number of people switch from tubed pump offerings. The offering is just so easy to use and it delivers great clinical outcomes, incredible ease of use and great economics. And so we've had -- we were pleased to see the rate of switching in the quarter. In terms of forward look, I think we're going to have to wait and see how it plays out. But as I said earlier, I don't think that this -- the Omnipod 5 offering will become any less appealing either to customers coming from MDI or to customers who might be using the tooth pump who went there because they wanted an AID offer. So we're very confident in the robustness of the offer.
Jim Hollingshead: So on international, there's a number of things going on. We're very pleased to get the CE Mark. So that's no longer a hurdle we have to get over. We have CE Mark, and that's good to go for Omnipod 5. As we've said before, what we're working on now in terms of Omnipod 5 launch is making sure that we have the right cloud infrastructure that delivers the right. If you think about the Omnipod 5 offering, it's a very holistic offering for customers. So we want to make sure that we're delivering the full Omnipod 5 experience in the markets where we launch. And we also obviously have to be comporting both with European and with any local market data privacy and security regulations. And so that's work that's being built. We don't need the RCT that we talk about to do that. So we'll be -- if I could just go back for a second to Omnipod 5 ex U.S., as we've said, we'll be launching in Europe in the middle of '23 and then we'll stage those launches to make sure that we have the right launch plan for each market as we cascade the second half of '23 into '24 and launch those markets. The randomized controlled trial is designed to make sure that we have the right kind of clinical evidence to position Omnipod 5 appropriately in ex U.S. markets. And so we're confident that we're going to be able to demonstrate benefit of our AID algorithm and the pod form factor against non-AID pumps and CGM alone. And that's where we're building evidence, which is a huge effort for us or a huge -- it's a huge emphasis for us to continue to build evidence for Omnipod 5.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Dalam, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. These are incredibly exciting times at Insulet as Omnipod 5 is out in the market transforming diabetes management for thousands of people, and that number keeps growing. And we could not be more excited to further expand our addressable market with our new innovation in Type 2 for the type 2 community with our basal-only pod. We've got an incredible team, and with significant momentum and to continue to execute on our mission. Thank you, and have a great evening.
Bret Christensen: Travis, it's Bret. So as you know, for years, we've talked about this 80-20 split where 80% of all of our new starts come from MDI. That has been our focus. It will continue to be a focus. But as Jim said, we don't have to -- or patients don't have to make that choice now between the superior form factor of Omnipod and an AID system, so they can get it all. And so it's not surprising to us the split changed from 80/20. We'll see where it settles in. We don't know yet if that -- if there's a bolus of to pump users that wanted to try Omnipod or if it's going to settle in there, it's likely to settle in somewhere different than 80-20, but we're excited to finally be offering a choice to those that chose an AID system, but really preferred the form factor of Omnipod. So we'll see where it settles in, in the coming quarters. But again, it's really an exciting development that we're getting these two pump conversions.
Bret Christensen: Robbie, I can take that one. This is Bret. So as far as the macro trends in the field, we're not feeling it. We're in the midst of an Omnipod 5 launch, demand is incredibly high. The team is excited and patients are wanting to started out 2.5. I can't say that we're feeling any of the effects of a lingering COVID or any sort of macro inflationary recession-type concerns. But as you mentioned, our business model is different. And we've spent years planning a scalable, affordable business model that would allow for patients to upgrade from existing Omnipod products and start. And so we've got very low co-pays that remained below $50 on average, with the vast majority of all co-pays in the pharmacy channel being less than $5. We've said that with DASH and really the Omnipod 5 co-pays almost mirror DASH exactly where we price Omnipod 5 at parity. You've got added to the contracts with payers and pricing is very similar as far as out-of-pocket goes for our users. As far as basal-only pod, I don't know if that's the question you're asking about out-of-pocket and co-pays. We're not there yet. We'll be building reimbursement and having discussions with payers now that we've mentioned this basal-only pod. But we do have some basal usage with our existing products, primarily DASH is type 2 axis. It's very good for DASH, and they'll take DASH, they'll customize it and use it as a basal-only pump. And that reimbursement is the exact same for type 1s and type 2s for basal and for insulin intensive. So more to come on the commercialization plans of our basal-only pod, but we'll be building reimbursement next year with that product.
Bret Christensen: Margaret, it's Bret. So we're excited to start to share more about the basal-only pod. Jim mentioned at the beginning of the call some of what we're excited about. And that is although we've got access today and some basal-only users will use a product like DASH, it was not built for basal-only usage. And there's a lot of complexity in pumps, and we want to take that complexity away for anybody that wants to start on a basal-only pod. So as Jim mentioned, it won't have a controller. That's very key because a lot of the complexity with pumps is around settings. There are no settings with a basal-only pod. So it's going to be designed and for the basal-only user, whether that's in endocrinology, primary care, it's focused on simplicity. And so we'll start to share more about what its form factor looks like. As Jim mentioned, we'll be submitting this product to the FDA in the coming days. And we're just excited to start educating you on what it's all about, and we'll do that in the future. But do want to highlight how excited we are to capture patients at the moment they need insulin, the moment they need an injection so they can avoid ejections altogether throughout their life on Omnipod-like products as they progress in their type 2 diabetes.
Bret Christensen: Kyle, thanks for the question. So we've got a really strong type 2 offering today, as you know, with access that mirrors type 1 in the pharmacy channel. So start there. Got a really good product with DASH. It's got an indication for all insulin requiring patients, great coverage. We're going to add to that offering with getting an indication for Omnipod 5 as we've started that trial, that clinical. And we're going to add the basal-only pod in 2024. And we think what that does for us is it does allow us to capture patients at the moment they need insulin. It's too early to say what the commercial model will look like for that product. But we know we can capture some of it today with just the existing sales force and team that we have as many of those patients do reside in endocrinology and we do call on a small number of primary care physicians with the existing sales teams. So more to come there. I think it does just depend on how quickly we can build reimbursement, how quickly that launch goes and then how we start to think about primary care and capturing patients where they reside. But we'll talk more about that probably later in 2023. There's a lot to consider there. It's really exciting. It more than doubles our TAM, with more than 3 million patients in the U.S. that are basal-only. So we're excited about it, and there's a lot to consider as far as how we commercialize it in 2024.
Bret Christensen: Yes. Chris, great question. The reimbursement today for basal-only patients, the answer to that is there really is no difference between insulin-intensive type 2 patients and basal patients as far as reimbursement goes. However, Omnipod was not built with basal only in mind. And so while there are some patients using it for basal only, just wasn't really built that way. And again, there's complexity with PDMs, there's complexities with settings. And so if you're going to use a product like DASH today, although it's reimbursed, you effectively have to kind of program DASH to say, look, we're going to get rid of all the mealtime features, a lot of the features and just use it as a basal-only product. So not ideal for basal-only wasn't built that way. It does seem complex some to like a primary care physician, that simply wants to write a prescription, which is what they would do with basal-only pod. And so while the reimbursement is there, we plan on changing it because it will be a different code. And so it will be a different reimbursed rate at a different price. We just haven't -- we're just not ready to talk about that. We've got work to do before we get confident in talking about what that will be, what we'll contract for. As far as the CGM goes, that's a lift for us because, as you know, CGMs provide the user with tremendous information that requires them to act. It shows physicians' time and range. And that's going to be really valuable for driving demand for a product like basal-only pod, but our initial thinking is we really don't want those 2 products to speak to each other because it does add complexity as you mentioned. And so the thought on basal-only pod to keep it as simple as possible as featured as possible. We want a position to write a prescription and that really is it. And so that means no communication with no reports, no settings. That's what we're thinking about today. And we think that's the best way to go broad and capture that marketplace.
Bret Christensen: Matt, thanks for the question. So as we sort of highlighted, we are the leader in driving penetration from MDI, and that has always been our focus. So the bulk of our new starts. And for us, a new start is the first time you start on an Omnipod product. We don't count renewals. We don't count other shipments. If you start on Omnipod, new start once in your lifetime. And our focus has always been MDI, and that's where the 80-20 number has come from, where 80% of those new starts have come from MDI. This quarter, we did see that shift where only 60% came from MDI because we had a bolus of people coming from 2 pumps that we hope continues. And the other -- we've also been the leader in pediatrics. I think you're kind of asking about where our customers come from. Pediatrics has always been our strength. If you think about the form factor of Omnipod 5, very attractive to parents and to children. We lost a little bit with the lack of an AID system where parents were actually forced again to make that decision between the form factor that's perfect for pediatrics and an AID system. Now they don't have to make that. So we did see a lift, a significant lift in pediatrics as a percentage of our new starts this past quarter. We're excited about that. Those are patients that are newly diagnosed that we want to start on Omnipod and want them to use our products for life. So excited about that trend, excited to be beginning to get competitive to pump users. And I think you asked sort of about people coming back. And as Jim highlighted at the beginning of the call, we did see thousands of people this past quarter have come back to Omnipod. So they left us for a reason. Likely that was an AID reason and the lack of. And so with Omnipod 5, they're coming back to that product. We've seen attrition be very stable, and we're excited about what Omnipod 5 does to strengthen retention with our existing users.
Wayde McMillan: That's great. If I could just pick up on the question around 2023 revenue growth. And it is really, as Jim, Bret said, AID is the difference maker and that shows up in the different growth rates between the regions. For U.S., we've got a lot of momentum. Obviously, as Jim and Bret just said, and we had in the prepared remarks, we're seeing increased demand with MDI as well as conversions from our existing customers, legacy product and then the competitive switches here. So a lot of momentum in the U.S. I think the way to think about 2023 -- we'll just give some color here. We're not going to provide guidance. We'll do that in our Q4 call in February. But some color to think about at this point is U.S. carrying a lot of momentum. We should see larger dollar growth in 2023. Need to normalize that for a couple of the volume benefits we've seen here in Q2 and Q3. And that should settle us out to start right now in that low 20% growth range for the U.S. And then as you said, OUS without AID, we're thinking about really consistent. We think we'll continue to grow really well with DASH in the markets that we're in. We are bringing Omnipod 5 midyear or to start to bring it to our international markets. That rollout will continue through 2024. But where that puts us for international is high single digits, low double digits range. I think it would be a good place to start for now. And of course, both those regions we'll be monitoring here throughout Q4 and getting more confidence in some of these really dynamic metrics, as Bret just highlighted. So we get a lot of things changing pretty dynamically with Omnipod 5. So we'll monitor those see where they shake out and put our guidance in place for 2023. And then Drug Delivery, just to hit that as well. At this point, we would expect drug delivery to do about the same decline next year as it did this year. So that will put us in kind of that mid-$20 million range, about a $25 million to $30 million reduction year-over-year. That's what we're experiencing this year, and we would think about the same next year. So that sets us up for some color on 2023. But as I said, we'll provide the official guide when we get to February next year.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. You bet, Larry. So just starting with this volume that we got -- additional volume we got around Omnipod 5. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, is some of it is timing because we only had Omnipod 5 in full market release for 2 months out of the quarter. And when people -- when some people start on Omnipod 5, as it turns out a good percentage of them ended up getting their starter kits as well as their first refill order in the quarter. So that gave us some additional volume. And then we also had some retail pharmacy stocking that is going to happen over time as more and more retail channels start to stock the product. So those are the 2 drivers of additional volume in the quarter. Your question on whether we think that will continue in Q4. We're going to monitor it very closely. We've got a lot of scenarios here of how this could play out. What we're anticipating in the guide, and that could push us either to the high end or the low end is how many of these people either wait a month to get their next script. Some people may order in the middle of the month or some people may immediately just get their next script. And so we're going to have to watch some of these dynamics and see if this volume can continue into Q4. And so just a lot to monitor, a lot of changing dynamics with Omnipod 5. We're very happy to get the volume here. At the end of the day, we are a volume business in the pharmacy channel. We're doing a lot to drive volume, both increasing access as well as all the things we're doing around innovation and awareness as well as the clinical work we're doing. You saw us announce this quarter down to H2, doing a lot of things to drive volumes here. And so we're really excited at the front end to be in the first -- just the first 2 months, and we're going to monitor this. We do think we'll get the benefit in Q4 as well. But should be somewhat offset by those people in Q3 that either take a little bit longer or take a whole month to place their next order. And then, Larry, you talked a little bit more about the Q4 guide. If you normalize for these volume benefits, then you're right, we are in about low 30s growth rate here on a normalized basis for Q2. And then as you look forward to Q4, we certainly have a much tougher comp. We had a significantly very strong quarter in Q4 last year. So we have to keep that in mind. And then, of course, we're at the front end of Omnipod 5. And so we don't want to get out in front of that. We're going to continue to monitor it, but we're really excited to see what can happen in Q4. And then as I mentioned, the key for 2023 is law of large numbers. We're planning for growing the dollar growth of the business in 2023, and that settles us out in that low 20s. And I think that's a good place to start. Again, we're not guiding. We're just trying to give some color, and we'll give our official guidance in February next year, which will give us another whole quarter here in Q4 and the start of Q1 to really understand some of these changing dynamics.
Wayde McMillan: Eric, you bet. Happy to talk about the '23 color that we're providing to help everyone here before we get the guidance, Jayson, that's on a constant currency basis. And so obviously, not going to be factoring in where we think FX is going to go at this point. So just think about the color there on a constant currency basis and then I don't know if you want to talk to Basel, to
Wayde McMillan: Marie, it's Wayde. I can start that one, and then I'm sure Bret or Jim might want to jump in. So given that we're just in the first couple of months of our full market release, we are just getting started here. So we have seen -- just like in all the channels, we mentioned the competitive switches as well as MDI conversions of existing Omnipodders has also been incredibly strong even just in the first few months and tracking them through their journey coming to Omnipod 5. So the way we're thinking about this right now is if we continue to see accelerated rates of conversion -- converting customers, it will probably last throughout 2023. And the majority of them should be through in 2023. But again, in the first couple of months here, we're going to be watching this as we are with many of these different dynamics to these really strong converting trends continue after the first couple of months or do they ebb and flow over the next few years. But if we continue with these trends, we should have most customers converted by the end of 2023.
