Brian K. Roberts: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2014 conference call. I’m Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet, joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, and are making this statement for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies, and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the company’s potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the company’s press release issued earlier today and in the Risk Factors section of the company’s SEC filings, including the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I’d also like to remind you that the guidance we’re offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You’ll find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as to today’s press release, at myomnipod.com in the Investors section. And now I’ll turn the call over to Duane.
Brian K. Roberts: And to the other part of your question, Mike, I’d add that, Duane in his remarks, with the addition of these 20 new sales reps, I mean this is really the first full quarter that they’re kind of out here in the field now, and driving new referrals, and we’re seeing an up tick in the pipeline. I think the sales team overall is very engaged, I think they’re excited about the resources, they’re excited about still then new Pod in their bag, and I think overall we can feel pretty good. So it’s unfortunate that payors is causing a little drop in our kind of patient conversion at the moment to just get some of those people over the goal line, but we believe that’s temporary and the pipeline is still very full. So I think we’re still feeling very bullish about the second half of the year and 20% new patient adds even with this issue given the size of the payor. I think we’re still pretty happy about it.Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay. And then just to clarify sort of peggy backing on that, is it fair to assume then that the change in guidance reflects really only this issue and that underlying trends of the business that James told on track with what you expected.
Brian K. Roberts: Sure. It’s Brian. So on answer like I mentioned earlier really is going very well. I don’t think, I think its fair to assume and I think we set this price previously that’s fair to assume that until this final one gets over the goal line completing, we are actually get it into the marketplace, we are not going to really move forward with additional project until that point in time. Several conversations with those guys, we feel like there is some good opportunity is there and believe the partnership will expand. But obviously getting off the start line here on this first one in the positive manner will go a long way to making sure that those happenings. That said, sense really the press release in announcing the answered partnership. We’d had lot of inbounding asking to us asking about our product several meetings, several calls, several different I’d say kind of regulatory agreements in place where were we were working on other initiatives now, and has some other interesting things here in the pipeline.
Duane M. DeSisto: Thanks, Brian. In summary, we’re pleased with our second quarter results. Despite recent payor challenge, which I’m confident we will resolve, we demonstrated outstanding revenue growth of 35% in the OmniPod business and 20% overall. We are well positioned for continued robust growth as the addition of 20 new commercial team members make a positive impact throughout the back half of the year. Our pipeline is strong our gross continuing increase month-over-month, and the team is excited and engaged. Our manufacturing operations continue to show the levels of stability and consistency never before by Insulet and we remain on track to passing the form of fourth manufacturing line in the next few months. We continue to be an innovative leader in this space with several exciting initiatives in – and I’m pleased to see new opportunities going forward. I’m confident and excited about the strong second half of 2014. With that operator, please open the phones for questions.
Duane M. DeSisto: Okay, I think – I didn’t have the opportunity to listen in on Dexcom’s call yesterday, but I think it’s – I think it’s going to help, it will continue to help both companies. In the long term, I think the real thing is, when we start trying to figure out how it’s going to be dialed in, really it comes around the timing here, and we’re working out those details. It’s with Dexcom’s Gen5 sensors, so that really is kind of the drivers in terms of when it’s going to impact the business.Danielle J. Antalffy – Leerink Partners LLC.:  All right. Thanks so much guys.
Duane M. DeSisto: What do you mean? Our NDI segment, the neighborhood business?William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc:  Yes.
Duane M. DeSisto: These aren’t patients that go through the neighborhood with those separate managed care. The managed care payor that goes through our third party distributor but it’s not neighborhood.William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc:  Okay, okay. And then just – if I look at inventories in the quarter, they’re extremely low or very low. Are there any manufacturing issues or concerns or – I mean it tells us demand is high, but your inventory is burned down a little, I’m just curious on your thoughts on that.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yes, fourth line is on track, and it should be producing product for us before year end.William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc:  Okay, so that’s what will help your resolve it in the fourth quarter.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, I mean we continue to make really good progress, I mean obviously, just the level of consistency that we’ve had in production going back the last nine months now has been, I think unique to our business over the last six years at least where that’s been around which is great. The operations team is doing a fantastic job, I think we’ve seen a little bit of an uptick here in the third quarter in production from them and we should be hopefully near two and three quarters the 3 million pause in the third quarter of this year and then you are growing even beyond that hopefully in Q4 with the addition of line for then producing as well. So, but production is going very well.William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc:  Okay. And then last question if I may, just if you strip out the 2 million, the 7 million in charges your G&A would have been a level we haven’t seem since 2012 on an absolute nominal basis, is that the right number to go off of I mean you are spending that much on litigation so that’s kind of our new core base rate or how do we think about that. And that’s all I have. Thank you.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, sure Bill, I think that’s right. I mean again in total we are talking about $36 million to $38 million of operating expenses per quarter for Q3 and Q4, Q3 is really the first full quarter where we have incurred all of the charges related to the sales and marketing hires that we did, but on the G&A line yeah, I think that’s accurate, we certainly have worked our way over the course of the last 12 months through the Medtronic litigation last fall, but that in the litigation the couple of these other item and that’s hopefully all behind us at this point.William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc:  Thank you.
Duane M. DeSisto: Raj, I guess where we are at, we didn’t add this with our products in the market since 2005. This the first time we’ve seen anything like that and part of this I think will makes it a little unusual, is we go through about three distributors in the U.S. that has this one big healthcare contract. And so this is one of the few that we don’t have the seat on the table – seat at the table and like I said so I think will makes this a little unusual, we were hearing from our customers, we had again engage with the distributor, distributor again engage with the managed care. So, I think, all the other stock, I mean we have good relationships with these manage care providers. If there’s changes in coverage or anything going on, we are usually involved in the discussion. So I think that’s makes this a little bit of a kind of one off. It’s a major provider so it made it problematic, but like I said, I think everywhere else we don’t think the relationship could extend. People are thinking about changes in policy, these ongoing discussions, you can kind of anticipate it, you can understand where they’re coming from and there is give and take. This was – by the time we’re going to engage this, it’s just going to shut down the whole kind of insulin pump category, general and that was their solution, and this time they’re turning back on. So a little different, I’m not saying, it would have been different if we had a direct contact, we had a direct contract with this customer, but I would tell you, this is way out of the norm for what we typically say.
Duane M. DeSisto: So one of the – Brian described kind of little bit on the higher end, higher-priced pumps, one of the other things that we’re looking at is, why we’re Type 2 patients. The insulin dependent Type 2 patients being reimbursed for our pump, so that once again, keep in mind Russ, I think you got pretty respective, we’re kind of the third man in on this, so this is – and obviously, we’ll step in the driver’s seat if it doesn’t get resolved the right way. But we heard that, that was another piece of what they reacted to they couldn’t understand why Type 2 patients. Given that there are other low cost solutions for insulin dependent Type 2s, they were not happy with the fact that some Type 2 patients will be reimbursed.
Duane M. DeSisto: These weren’t our charges going through. These were other companies using codes mainly for getting Type 2 reimbursement, that the plans I guess were surprised by.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Okay. That’s helpful. And may be just I’ll ask one about the drug delivery business that you commented on, it’s still waiting for the FDA approval on the Amgen pump. But do you have any updates on that in terms of when we might expect that product and I think a level of enthusiasm might have ticked up a little bit too. But maybe you could update us on your expectations where we can expect like its approved.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, I mean for us it’s unchanged and we’ve been in constant dialog with the Amgen folks I think they are working through their process, I don’t want to talk on their behalf, but overall I think we are all feeling pretty confident that the timelines we’ve laid out are still holding true. So, I think overall everything were seem to be hearing as positive and we are moving forward as planned.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Duane M. DeSisto: So I think Brian adequately described kind of what it takes to correct. I think the situation as you described it. There is some higher price products coming into the market that seems to be slippening to various codes.Tom Gunderson – Piper Jaffray & Co.:  Got it.
Duane M. DeSisto: There seems to be some kind of lower end Type 2 products that it – once again we are not at the table at the moment, but from where we're be in total, there’s some lower end Type 2 products that try to kind of slipping under some of our codes. So the Type 2 in the higher end products both I think sent this provider, the sale case of solution is we shut the door and then we’ll get everybody to come to us as opposed to asking the question. It’s kind of seems to be the efforts they took; one would be my preferential approach, but it does seems to be the – so like I said, getting the reimbursement, it caused us a few weeks here in the quarter for getting the – getting the reorder stuff turned back on, which is pretty straight forward process, and we think once some of the stuff gets cleared up here, we’d be able to get this turned back on. Like I said, the only thing that was kind of really unusual for us is, because we did not see it on the table, we started getting customer calls, which led us to call our distributor partner, which led down to call the managed care provider, and which is based on the way I described the batched took up. That’s a good time in the quarter, and we’re working as fast as we can to straighten this other thing up.Tom Gunderson – Piper Jaffray & Co.:  Okay. I got it. Thanks for the extra details. Good job on the 35%.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, I think I think it’s kind of pretty much all exclusive Ben and I think what we said is, it could be up to a million. We are hoping today the guidance we’re giving obviously reflects that relatively get this cleaned up year end and hopefully next quarter we can come back in tweet it one more time.
Duane M. DeSisto: Well, where full systems go, still we’re trying to get ready for human trial here in the beginning part of 2015. So that’s a reasonable timeline to think, but if some of the data will go onside that trail.Benjamin Andrew – William Blair & Company:  Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Duane M. DeSisto: All right.Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Thanks for taking the questions. I’m not going to ask you about the payor dynamics yet.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah. So obviously we are going to take that to the FDA to your second question. I think from our standpoint and talking with Dexcom guys, they are at its PMA but our argument would be quite simply that one is going to display that app on the cell phone which is obviously not a FDA regulated device. There seems to be our guess in our logic no reason why our help when we remain 510K. So and I think from my standpoint, I think we’ve spent some time. We talk to lot of people at the agency. As you can imagine, this all these apps and everything went on, the FDA has the people at EBITDA with listening into all from all the stuff. Unfortunately because we have the scholars and FDA and EBITDA. I am sure if there was going to be anything be in this place, there the DFA will have people there. So I think it’s changing fast and furious. I think they’re trying to embrace the new technology. So I think we feel good that we got a very strong argument that why would the handheld be a PMA. And if the handheld does turn out that it has to be a PMA, it’s not really the end of world for us. It only becomes a big problem for us if the Pod were to being PMA. And that’s when we talk about integrating sensing technology into a Pod, that’s why when that time comes, we could have it too perfect. But – so – like I said, our belief is, we think it may be a 510(k) because if you can display it on a cell phone, then our next generation product is not all that different from now. So that’s kind of how we’re looking at it. And then – so I think to your first question, I think the big update for us, and I think we’ll have a very good handle at this, the ADA next June in Boston it’s kind of going to be where we’ll be able to give you really good timeline, hopefully be able to display this next generation product and one of the better, what will have a much better idea where we are in terms of regulatory process in that. So the ADA in Boston next year is in Boston next year, so we are kind of excited by the backup. Being a Boston based company that would be kind of a nice coming out party for us. So that’s, you don’t have to timeline obviously the FDA is a big piece of it. I think we will be in a position to show kind of what we are doing in our product strategy there, and then, the regulatory path, needed regulatory path.Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay. That’s helps. Thanks. And then the 20% in your patient adds, even lift this issue in the back half of the quarter is pretty solid but are you seeing anything new on the competitive landscape, tend to had a pretty good quarter, you also mentioned increase activities from another new plans on the space anything maybe you can comment on that.
Duane M. DeSisto: I think from my standpoint, and this sounds like a broken record, but we fight for mindshare at the doctor’s office. If we’re given a fair shot, I think – you know it’s pretty simple, you either want tubing or you don’t want tubing, you don’t want tubing with the product. So we really don’t – we compete with 800 pounds well in this space and we fight for mindshare space and we fight for mindshare at the doctor’s office which really isn’t product-related. And rest of these guys are in this space, and they’re doing what they’re doing, but that’s really not, the competition is really mindshare at the doctor’s office.
Duane M. DeSisto: That is 100% accurate, yes.Michael Rich – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay. Great. Thank you for taking the questions.
Duane M. DeSisto: Well, I mean again, I think you’ll have to see exactly how this issue resolves and it’s exactly anyone want it resolved, but we’ve adjusted the guidance down, the amount that we think is appropriate to account for this specific issue.Robbie Marcus – JPMorgan Securities LLC.:  Okay. And then, even with the issue you guys are coming very close to profitability, how are you thinking about profitability in 2014 versus 2015, are there any benefits were pushing at the 2015 and how should we’ll be thinking about shares and the tax rate once you guys become profitable.
Duane M. DeSisto: Well. We’ve got 55.5 million shares outstanding, there’s certainly some options and other things out there which are all disclosed in the SEC filings, the only other big thing that’s out there is obliviously this new convertible debt issuance that we did in June, so those numbers are all up there. One of the nice things about the convertible debt issuance was that, we effectively were able to take dilution down by about 20% as compared to, if you look at the number of underline shares compared to what the old one was versus the new one. So at some point this thing actually did convert, which its not really not the goal of these. It still would have saved about I think a little over 20% of the original amount of shares where. Here in regards to profitability, again I'll put these into the high class problems right and turning profitable is ultimately a goal. We will get there. We were operating profitably in Q2 if we back out the veteran lawsuit. We’ll continue to be operating profitable for the back half of the year. There is some of this non-cash expense that goes through exactly where it lands. And then – so they have a lot NOLs we won’t be paying specific writing a check that much for quite a while to come but more to come I guess around tax rate and other things as we get further down the line.Robbie Marcus – JPMorgan Securities LLC.:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Duane M. DeSisto: So I think, our partner internationally, Ypsomed, they’re throughout most of western Europe, they continue to take market share – penetrate the markets, the obvious big ones, the Scandinavian countries, Germany, they kind to the way – we just – they just launched in Italy, while that’s not a major market, it did subside. I think the two opportunities that we continue to press forward with them on is, we’re going through the process in France, which is a very big market, very good reimbursements. So we haven’t had dime one out of France yet. And then the other obvious one I think is in China, that has a – kind of very healthy insulin pump business. I think if you look at a company like Novo and some of the insulin suppliers and see how much money comes out of the Pacific Rim, it’s pretty surprising how big that business. So we do think those are the two big opportunities both of which in France we are in the hopefully, I would say hopefully here because we’ve probably been in the couple of times, but we think we are in the final stages with Ypsomed in terms of getting reimbursement and in China we continue to work our way through their SFDA some of that’s kind of.Steve M. Lichtman – Oppenheimer & Co.:  Okay. Great. And then just lastly on the new sales that you’ve brought on board in the first half with 20 new people, when did they hit the ground and they’ve – when do you start expecting the start producing similar trends, so we start seeing some effect in the back half of the year.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, I mean, of the 20 people basically half of them hit the ground first week of May, the other half hit the ground first week of June. So, again they averaged half a quarter basically just the amount of time they probably learned how to drive to the various places they were going to right, but even with that we did see a little bit of an uptick in these Key Account Manager territories versus if you will standard territories. They were up about 10% in the – one versus the other, which is a positive and we’re still seeing that momentum going into Q3. So, yeah I believe we will see some positive impact out of these folks in the back half of the year.Steve M. Lichtman – Oppenheimer & Co.:  Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Duane M. DeSisto: Mimi, that’s a great question. And I think you remember what we said, time and time again is, is I’m not sure just having the Type 2 pump and going into that marketplace that you’d ever get reimbursement for. When we go with Lilly with the drug, we were a full blown clinical results, and this is a subset of Type 2 patients that are highly insulin resistant, and typically have failed at everything else. So we feel confident, we think the hurdle, the medical necessity hurdle will be – or there will be a lot of that, but we’re pretty confident that, this is kind of the last stop on the train to these patients, and it would be very well received. But I think you have to go at it, once again, as we think about how big diabetes is, how expensive it is, it has the potential to bankrupt the United States as well as the rest of the world; I think you have to go out at the real clinical – I think that’s kind of how we propose that from day one.
Duane M. DeSisto: I think for us we would take nothing of the table. We would work with anyone that obviously has a sensor. I think the last step of DexCom we wanted to do short-term and we continue to talk everybody about what we wanted to long-term. Having said that, I think where we are just to understand what our mindset is. We really do believe that’s reality issue, now that we think there are products out there they can survive this reality issue. We do think that this all-in-one app, I guess we think about where medicines selling, we are talking about basically having a sensor added to our product and we have the base, we have the insertion system, we have the power, we have to do engagement. We think this will be an incredibly cost effective way to incorporate -operate for insulin dependent patience into a Pod and we are approaching it cautiously. We are not running down the street, we think we get it all work now, but we are listening and talking to everybody we have tested everybody sensors. We are moving forward and talking to all of those guys we think that this is the work with and we still think standard of care someday is going to be one thing on the body and one thing either on your phone or one your hand.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, once again I think it’s depends on the particular and I am not going to say it does not help, I think from our standpoint, I think what’s pretty competitive in the marketplace is filing mind share with these guys in the office. They will more since whatever the new messages and they will go back into those offices with whatever the new message is. And so like I said I think from our standpoint, we heard them, okay I’ll take the mapping words at the time being and what we are going to driving hard and as far as we are concern this still the guys to be.
Duane M. DeSisto: Look, it’s great question. I think from our standpoint, right now we’re sitting back watching the testing, we like everything we see, but I think we had said, what drove us to this particular decision last year we had tested it in one particular area, just to make sure that this was the right approach. And then, so what really kind of drive this with some of these key accounts is, when you see the sales reps that had a great deal of success and they can no longer expand beyond their current installed base, because there is a correlation between spending time in the doctor’s office and really developing a relationship with them. So, we are going to watch it, we are going to continue to watch it and it is a program that I think over time we will continue to expand if we keep seeing the results fits in.Jan Wald – The Benchmark Company, LLC.:  Do you see the, I mean, how you are using the key account managers, are they going into your largest most important accounts at this point or once have you seen sort of a gross slowdown because the sales people they have already gotten to the point where they taken much further.
Duane M. DeSisto: The way we are working is, we’ve had sales reps go into a territory been widely successful. All of a sudden, 50% or 60% of – 40% of their business is coming out of three accounts. What you see is the territories that the sales rep has to back-off and spend more and more time in there. So what we are doing with those accounts is, we’re bringing in this person to maintain that relationship, maintain the Insulet relationship with them and free it up. So what really is, we have a clinical specialist, which is key to all this, because educators want to deal with clinical specialists. Then the Key Account Manager really becomes the farmer, and the sales rep goes back being a humper in the territory. And we can do that, because I think we’ve been at it long enough, in every territory we have 20 top accounts, and then the next 20 accounts, we evaluate where business is coming from, we evaluate how much time the sales person is spending in those particular accounts. And so we’ve kind of developed a little bit of a model that we think– we can see the relationship between time spend, orders coming out of the office, what the potential of the office is and that’s how we kind of drove the first handful key account managers. And like I said once again we are monitoring it, if it continues to be a successful program obviously, we will roll out in other areas.Jan Wald – The Benchmark Company, LLC.:  Thanks a lot and congratulations on the 35%.
Duane M. DeSisto: Yeah, I mean, I’ve taken all the neighborhood business was effectively flat with where they were in Q1, and the international guys, the international that fleet on pace the double for the full year. So that’s where that kind of continuing the track and probably been getting more specific than that.William Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.:  Okay, great. And see you next week.
Duane M. DeSisto: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today and we look forward to updating you with our Q3. Have a good night. Take care.
