Brian Roberts: Well, as I – when I joined the company back in September, I was working excited about the technology and the opportunity that this product can make a better mix in the lives of patients that use it. And I guess what I’ve learned over the last 50 years that it is more exciting than when I joined. I’m very existed about the product, the technology and really focus on market adoption of this technology for anyone with Type 1 diabetes. This organization is tremendously focused on capitalizing on this opportunity and I’m very excited to be here and also congratulate Allison on her promotion to CFO and spending some time on the road with her meeting all of you.
Brian Roberts: Yes. Danielle, it’s Brian, so thank for that, thank you for your warm words. Initial I can tell over the last few months, the team has worked extremely hard and there’s been a lot of conversations have happened between the payer, the distributor and internally we try to ultimately figure what was the best way to resolve it. I think in the end we come through with a couple of changes specifically around this, form that we had talked about previously that will allow for a brand name of the product to be included on the form which should allow to be able to eliminate I think all of the confusion that existed in the marketplace. So, we’re pleased with that. As you can imagine with any change that needs to go through large organization that’s take a little for it to go through, and so, that’s why we continue to expect that we’ve seen for example, in October -- still some impact on the new patients starts front. But it seem like that will dwindle now over the course of the coming weeks and we think it will be a non-issue as we turn the calendar year into 2015. As we talk about last quarter, we have built in to the change in the revenue guidance, the full impact to this for the full year and I think as we given the guidance for this quarter of $76 million to $81 million, that’s including all of the impacts that we expect to have in Q4 as well. Obviously, as you think forward to 2015 there will be reorder impact because those people won’t have started yet or they have just started, but I think we’ll be able mitigate most of it.
Brian Roberts: I can tell you from my side Raj, for me and I’ve obviously been here in Insulet for about six years. It’s been a great ride. I’d loved every minute of this company and I remained very passionate about what we do and what we do and how we help folks. You see it every single day I can give you an example of running into a kid on my son’s 10-year old basketball team this pass weekend. And that doesn’t change for me. For me personally it was – I started to have some conversations earlier this year, thinking about what was next and what was the right time for me to potentially take on additional opportunities and see if they’re either here at Insulet or elsewhere. And this just seems like the appropriate time for me to kind of make that next step of transition and move on. I think Pat, I can tell you for being here the last 50 days and watching Pat in action. He spend inordinate amount of time getting to know people, getting to know this company, not jump in the conclusions, really trying to understand what’s going on here and I think his track records speak for himself and he’s going to make a very, very positive impact in this business. And so, I look forward to still being here for the next couple of months and helping the company through and then watching it from the side lines, but obviously have some very vested interest and how the business continues to do with this lot of relationships from me both internally and externally and I wanted to exceed.
Brian Roberts: And Raj, it’s Brian. I do have a couple of things. One, I don’t think there’s anything that we said so far that you should takeaway thing, the timeline for the Amgen product has changed. If anything the fact that on their earnings call last week they presented this new product, talk about it first time publicly, showed the picture of the product. If anything I think shows that they’re feeling extremely confident that we’re going to get to the finish line and our timeline on that has always been thinking that they were going to have a Q4 approval and Q4 has done yet. In the Lilly case, we’ve originally been working towards a plan where we would be able to file the 10-K and get clearance and Lilly wanted to use cleared product to drive the clinical. The FDA provide us some feedback as we are working through them kind of collaboratively around human factor testing that they wanted us to just reverse that and kind of do in the different order. So, it is different and that we won’t have to file 10-K file which would have allowed us to potentially sell a little bit on the side, while Lilly was going through their process that said, from the overall timeline of the product that’s really not changed, it just reordered.
Brian Roberts: Personally I think there’s a lot of that. I mean, I think that there is – I’m sure at some point there’s a theoretical feeling, but I said to different people at different times. I certainly I’m not willing to – you put us feeling on our ability to gain leverage in the business. I mean, we should be able to continue to drive as the business gets bigger and bigger and we add more lines, more and more efficiencies that should be able to drive the cost of different components done and be able to spread out the overhead even more. And so, I think as we looked at this quarter, we gained a couple hundred basis points on the U.S. OmniPod basis. We lost a little bit on our consolidated margin when you look at international share in the neighborhood mix. I think when we look at Q4 to gain a couple of hundred points more of margin, it’s absolutely achievable. And hopefully all of that close to the consolidated, but again, that will just depend a little bit upon mix of the different components of the business.
Brian Roberts: Yes, sure, Ben, it’s Brian. So a couple of things in new patients starts, I think as Pat mentioned in his remarks I think we’re seeing some nice productivity uptick for the new territories where we’ve added the provable third man in form of kind of this KAM or territory associate kind of role. Overall, we saw probably somewhere about 5% to 10% sequential increase in new patient starts from Q2 to Q3. Still on the trajectory I would tell you a kind of somewhere in the 15% to 20% range overall, new patients starts year-over-year and the trajectory still seems very solid here as where month and few days into the fourth quarter. So I think everybody is feeling good about that and obviously the payer issue kind of being put to bed. I think allows everybody to feel that much more confident as we end this year and look forward into 2015. On the neighborhood side, neighborhood, obviously we lapse competitive bidding this year in the third quarter that was July 1 of 2013 when CMS kind of really significantly reduced the pricing of blood glucose testing supplies. The neighborhood business was up slightly in Q3 on year-over-year basis, probably a couple percentage points. Again, absolutely kind of filling their role and doing a good job, only difference as we have seen in settling a gross margin basis has come down a little bit as the mix of the business has changed and obviously the lower pricing overall from blood glucose testing strips.
Brian Roberts: I’m not prepared to give you exactly what that looks like today because I’m still more struggling to do that process, but I think it’s fair to say that we’re going to add additional sales from marketing resources.
Brian Roberts: Hey Bill, it’s Brian. Let me take a first crack at some of it and I think we’re prepared certainly the company as we get into the first quarter will ultimately provide appropriate guidance for ’15 but I think there is a couple of takeaways. One is, we’ve been adding sales resources as we know and kind of these 20 person or so kind of chunks, because it works well from a historically from a manufacturing side for not over taxing the sales management and the infrastructure of the business the reimbursement pieces and the like. And that has worked really well and so again I think one of the things to take away is this kind of again third man in or so that we have put into some of these territories, assuming that although early days keep in mind these folks have only been in the field now for one full quarter. They seem to have some good momentum and productivity behind them that I think is something that the team it works through strategic planning and budgeting here in Q4. It’s really trying to figure out how that model works and do we add more – there are certain territory level where it doesn’t isn’t as effective and really kind of what that planning is. And a lot of the marketing type things you will recall six months ago or so we talked about we hired for the first time an agency of record and digitized to able to come in here and help drive the branding and help I think really push messaging into the healthcare professional community, that talks about pumps make sense for multiple daily injectors, we need to move them on the pumps and this is how you do it. And I think all of that stuff is resonating and as for me one of the things that I shared with Pat when he started was a call -- this in my mind is a really great time for him to kind and join because in a lot of ways it’s the first chance that this business has had in a long time to play off and its versus [Indiscernible] as you guys know from following this company for a long time we were worried about how running made its action capacity with the old part and now I’m going to try to work at getting then new part approved and then the transition of the customer base which took up a big chunk of last year and then this year now we are putting in those building blocks into place. And I think if anything some of the momentum of what’s been invested here over the last six to nine months is starting to show some of those dividends. And so I think that’s a really exciting thing to be. You know that said, and Bill I think Pat as he kind of keeps that in kind of starts to allude to it, there are absolutely things we can do better. And I think his leadership and his commercial experience and what he’s been through along with Pete [Douglin] and his team and the planning effort they are will drive a lot of what makes some of those new investments look like next year.
Brian Roberts: Yes, that’s correct. Because again each passing quarter you have to include the reorders or the last reorders if you will for the patients that didn’t start the quarter before. So yes my assumption really hasn’t changed from what we talked about back last quarter whether which was those about a million and a half of it impacting Q2 probably somewhere in the 3 to 3.5 million range in Q3 and then probably 4 5 or so in Q4 is we start to see the new patient start kind of pipeline ramp up again.
Brian Roberts: No different metrics, right. So 5% to 10% sequential growth Q2 to Q3 when we talked about 20% we are talking year-over-year, right. And the year-over-year we talked about that full kind of nine month period, so on a year-to-date basis which is that so, just to make sure we don’t mix and add there.
Brian Roberts: I mean I don’t want to comment about actual patient count numbers, I’ll just leave it to say that we’re about 5% to 10% higher sequentially in Q3 than we were in Q2. I don’t have all the models in front of me.
Brian Roberts: Its interesting when you think about like one of the benefits of the product when you think about existing drugs is looking at when certain compounds or things come off a patent for example could be an interesting way, the interesting reason why adding in a delivery device like the OmniPod makes sense. And we keep in mind that, that with a lot of these and even with the Amgen product we’ve seen it, it takes a few years once from when you sign a deal its ultimately be able to get it to market, because of the process of either maybe a little bit of development, maybe not but then ultimately going through the obviously the FDA process. So Capricor is on the other side that which is – there is the phase 2 product and we are helping them through their clinical trials. Now the reality of when that becomes a commercial product years down the line, but its exciting to be part of that one too and really affect to be part of their filing. So there’s a mix of them in the pipeline, Ferring is obviously an approved one in Europe and we have been generating revenue from it. Amgen will be next and then as we continue to add more and more of these projects and we have a couple more on going, we’ll see how those develop and above and be able to drive actual timelines for each one.
Brian Roberts: Just we have about 135 people or so in the field. Right now I think we are still split at 53 territories, right. So that would basically – so 53 I guess is the answer to your question.
Brian Roberts: Apologize, I’m not sure I completely follow that, but we’re – again, where we’re heading just and so we stay clear here is on a year-over-year basis we’ve talked that we’re looking effectively for 20% year-over-year patient growth, new patients starts and I think everything has been trending close to that number. We’re probably little lower than that at the moment, but again if you look at specific issue around the payer that’s been one that’s been driving it. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, Q2 to Q3, I mentioned a couple of minutes ago that we’re basically driving between kind of 5% and 10% sequential growth. So those are the two pieces. In regards to the payer issue specifically its an open question, right, because what you seeing with the patients are in some cases they may – if there a chronologist is been saying, look you need to give on pump and unfortunately we can’t get this when approved right now, but you got to get another pump, some of those patients may have gone elsewhere. Some may delay their decision. Some wait for the next trip back to the doctor. So, there’s –our team has done a really good job I think in the commercial side of trying to keep the patients – the pipeline warm if you will and trying to be able to bring these folks openly across the goal line. No one that were able to get this result, but ultimately we have to see how that plays itself out. So, from that perspective I don’t think there’s any difference. I think when you look at the revenue growth in the business, again, we’ve always been a midpoint company and when we updated guidance last quarter, the midpoint of that range is 295. If you look at the midpoint of the range that we gave you today is 295. So I don’t think there’s any real change or difference there at all.
Brian Roberts: I mean, that’s overall pipeline, right, so we’re not talking about just one pair here. We’re talking about the overall pipeline and that is absolutely not changed. I mean, the team is continues to do a good job of drive-in referrals and ultimately those referrals turning into new patients starts. So, I think we’ve seen good momentum in that business overall. My only comment specifically to this one pair is its unclear for patient who is looking start on OmniPod back in May is going to still be there for us to be able to convert in January. I mean, we’re certainly try, right, but it’s a little less clear to be to say everybody is willing to wait six, seven, eight months or whatever it is to be able to finally cross the goal line.
Brian Roberts: Not at this point I guess, but as Ypsomed said last week, I mean, they’ve seen over their last six months about a 60% or so increase in their business. We’re absolutely on track when we look at our international partnerships which will also include GlaxoSmithKline for Canada, to double our international revenue in 2014 versus 2013. And as Pat in his remarks, I think we’re really excited and hopeful that we’re going to see reimbursement in France very soon, and France is a really interesting market in Europe. I think it’s the second largest pump market in Europe, and today we sit with the zero there. So, getting France over the goal line would allow really another really good growth opportunity Ypsomed as they turn the corner into calendar year 2015. But overall, I think the international business has been doing great again. One thing you can point a little – the revenue share is great. There are certainly helping us to drive to net breakeven at the operating level or an operating profit. Its lowers the gross margins slightly, but that’s a good trade off.
Brian Roberts: Not anything at this point. I mean, I would tell you that we’ve continued to kind of work through the regulatory process over there in China. I don’t have an update on it. I know that we’re still need [Ethernet] but it’s probably some while the company’s feeling we get.
Brian Roberts: Yes. We’re looking to hopefully have approval that. Very soon we’ve responded to all of the FDA’s questions. Most of the questions that the agency came back with actually were more I would say a LifeScan driven and Insulet driven and we’ll see some questions around the various strip and those pieces which our partner has done a great job of responding to and providing the data for. So, we’re just in the waiting game at the moment. But hopefully we’ll have an answer pretty soon.
Brian Roberts: One of the nice things Jan, we’ve able to find a good balance to both of those in the past, as you could see from the fact that we’ve been able to balance I think a very strong overall top line growth with getting now operating profitability, $4 million of operating profit excluding up the transition costs is are highest level of operating profit and obviously we continue to feel very bullish about pushing more gross margin to the business. So, I think the business has positioned well to be able to find balance for both those going forward, which is a good spot for the company to be.
Brian Roberts: Specifically when we talked about, we have the fourth manufacturing line come up and one of the thing that been interesting in our manufacturing processes, with each line we’re obviously getting smarter of how to make an OmniPod with highest level of quality and most cost effectively possible. And so I think I’ve shared in the past that when you look at Line 3 for example, right now its been our efficient line and we’ve been able to make some small adjustments for like Line 2 for example to make it look Line 3, so that one becomes the lot more efficient. Line 1 for us is probably been – always been our most inefficient line where its highest level of people required and with the lowest capacity. So when Line 4 comes on board for example, its going to mere image Line 3, so we’ll get that efficiency out of the gate and it starts to give us some flexibility to think about how we can better leverage Line 1 for example and therefore spread out overhead cost and look at the amount of direct labor required and those type of things hopefully further bring down the pod price. That plus as we keep moving up the volume spectrum, we’re able to drive some additional cost components increases from our suppliers, which is also another positive and helping us generate more gross margin. So, those are couple of examples that where more efficiency can be gain.
Brian Roberts: I think we’ve said, that we said, we’ve been going to a process obviously the sterilization we’ve gone through this latest testing we did was earlier on this idea of distance between sensing and dispensing and we think – we got some – we believe some pretty favorable results out of that. So you’re right, that is still kind of a design phase if you will. And we’ve talked about doing some inhuman trial work hopefully sometime early to mid 2015. Ultimately we’ll see where that timeline is driving towards in the second kind of all the [indiscernible] next real indicator to drive the overall timeline of the project. So as we get closer to that point, that probably the next checking time.
Patrick Sullivan: Yes. And I guess, I would say that I’ve been very impress with the organization since I joint 50 days ago and for me it was an opportunity as I’d say to some of my friends, I just went to retirement and decided to get back into the saddle and really enjoy running – I enjoyed running slide deck and I’m enjoying doing what I’m doing here. And I think the opportunities are similar, that there are challenges in every organization, but there are certain things that we can do better, and I’m focused on converting this market to Standard of Care with the OmiPad product. I think it’s an exciting technology. There are obviously obstacles and you have knocked down one at a time, but we’re focused on making that happen.
Patrick Sullivan: I would say, as I’ve gotten into the company and understand the technology and particular the Amgen deal, I think the opportunity to leverage the existing technology in the drug delivery business is quite frankly huge, and Amgen is the first really significant opportunity I think to capitalize on that opportunity. And I – we’re looking at making additional investments in the whole drug delivery side, because I think from a revenue perspective it can be potentially a very large number.
Patrick Sullivan: I think the last point is the key one spending appropriately. We’re going through that process as we speak to develop our 2015 budgeting in our sales plan. But I guess it’s premature at this point to try to peak into the future and give the results of what we’re just literally in the process of doing. So, I have more information for that earlier next year.
Patrick Sullivan: I think you have to strike a balance between the two. I mean, I think you have to really focus on yourselves, but you also obviously have to focus on bringing numbers at the bottom line. And we’re looking at plans to be able to meet those objectives.
Patrick Sullivan: Thank you very much, operator. In summary, Insulet has achieved much in the first nine months of 2014 and I am very excited for the opportunities that line before us. With the payer issue basically behind us new commercial resources gaining valuable experience and continued international expansion; I believe we’re probably for tremendous success. Our manufacturing partnership with Flextronics is world-class as we continuously produced 1 million OmniPod per month with our fourth manufacturing line coming online soon. We have the most unique user friendly product in the market with a continued pipeline of innovation that should continually raise the bar. I’m delighted that Allison and Brad Thomas our new EVP of HR to the senior leadership team of the company. Our workforce with Brad has build the [Cytyc] organization for future growth prior to the acquisition by Hologic. And finally, I’d also like to thank Brian for his dedication and hard work over the past six years and wish him well. Thanks again for joining us today. I look forward to meeting many of you at the various Investor conferences over the coming months and keeping you updated you on our progress. Thanks.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I think there is a number of atleast my initial read on the whole insulin market are Type 1 diabetes market. You have certainly those that are in the multiple daily injections and mostly patients start out in that therapy and then move over to being considered for pump and pump therapy. And I think as we’ve done market research into the market, it appears that there is a large number of MDI patients that would never consider a pump if they had to use the current conventional pumps, but when provided with the opportunity to use OmniPod the uptake or the interest level is exceedingly high. So I would say what we need to do is focus on the marketing message through the endocrinologists and getting more MDI patients converted to the OmniPod technology. So I think from my perspective, it’s really leveraging the -- sales force presence in the field and focusing on those high prescribers. And as I said earlier if you look at the number of patients below 18 this is where the product really I think is very good for the kids and their parents to manage these patients with type-1 diabetes. So focusing on that market segment I think will pay great dividends.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Well I think its fair to say that in order to grow we’re going to have to add sales and marketing resources to get the message out and to have adequate coverage in the market place. When I compare sort of what we spent at Cytyc at the same level of $300 million in revenue versus where we are today, at Cytyc we spend more in sales and marketing and I think we need to make some investments in sales and marketing to really to ramp the sales number.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Well Neulasta for Amgen is about $4 billion product in the United States. There are I think as I’ve done the research about 900,000 patients are used at right every year and it currently in its current form is approved by the FDA. This filing is for use of that product and our OmniPod. I would say it we will assuming it gets approved in the fourth quarter or early next year we expect to receive revenue from it, but its hard to really put a number on the table because it all depends upon how that launch goes for Amgen but I know that they are extremely excited about and we are working very hard with them for a very successful launch.William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc: Okay. And then secondly just you mentioned the new PDM that you are looking to come out with what do you expect the timing for that product.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Correct.William J. Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc: Okay, great. I think that’s all I have. Thank you very much.
Patrick J. Sullivan: I think conceptually we are looking at the market place and basically looking at the drugs that are currently on the market and the opportunity for using the OmniPod as a special drug delivery device for those products whether they are currently on the market or in development, in stack ranking those in terms of opportunity and near term sales growth that we could expect from those type of applications and then putting resources against those opportunities to really capitalize on this use of the OmniPod. I mean, I think from – you can leverage two things. You can leverage the technology which this obviously does and focusing on new sales and marketing to leverage the sales force. So we’re going to definitely making plans to leverage this technology. 
