Shacey Petrovic: Thanks Wayde. 2019 was a tremendous year for Insulet as we made significant progress on our strategic initiatives. We are now beginning to realize the positive impact from these efforts. It is clear that we have a sound strategy and thanks to the hard work and dedication of the entire Insulet team, we entered 2020 in a position of strength. And now I'll turn the call back to Lauren for Q&A. Thank you.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes, Matt. Thanks for the question. We remain on track for launch at the end of this year. We've got all 240 trial participants on the system. So right now, we're about 35% of the way through the trial and learning a ton as you might imagine. So just to give a little bit more color there, we're seeing certain typical things you would see when you send users home with a new system like this for the first time. But obviously, that's why you do trials like this, and the team is doing a great job collecting and addressing these learnings and kind of supporting our sites across the country so making good progress there. And when do we exactly finish enrolment? It was within weeks of opening enrolment. So I don't know the exact date. But very early on. Demand was pretty incredible. And feedback from the trial participants has been frankly emotional and gratifying. So it's no doubt that consumer demand is really high and we're working very hard to collect, address learnings from the trial and get the system to market as quickly as possible. But nothing changed in our timeline.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes Robbie. It's a great question. And I want to first just commend our team because they are managing through this incredibly capably and we do not anticipate any product supply issues due to the coronavirus at this time. As we mentioned earlier our automated facility in the U.S. is starting to provide manufacturing redundancy and risk medication and additional capacity as line one ramps and then we bring line two on. And we've got our best people frankly on this here and on the ground in Shenzhen. We have a comprehensive plan in place to make sure that we've got risk mitigation. So plenty of inventory on hand. And then acting continues to produce more and more every day. And then our facility in Shenzhen is also up and producing again. So I think we right now feel as if we are in a solid position and the team is managing this incredibly closely monitoring it every day and making sure that we're proactively putting mitigation plans in place.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. David, it's a great question. I think it's still early days and there's a lot of wood to chop in Type 2, I think about pharmacy, I think about only being a year into our business and launching a new product in Europe. So, I just want to caution where I -- and I guess put that into context where I think it can go. But Type 2 is an incredibly exciting opportunity for us. We have good access there. It's an incredibly large opportunity. We believe it's twice at least the size of the Type 1 opportunity in the United States. And we're seeing great results both anecdotally from clinicians and users and just obviously we've got data around reduction of total daily dose of insulin and other specific outcomes in that patient population. So, we think that we're just scratching the surface and just getting started and that we've got a long runway frankly providing this technology to people who are underserved in this market and a patient population where clinicians don't have a lot of great tools. And DASH is a great tool in this patient segment. So I think it's going to hang with us for a while. We're really excited about the potential and we're going to continue to invest to unlock the opportunity.
Shacey Petrovic: Right. Jeff, that's true. This is not an issue with the data itself or the product itself. It is about essentially having to make the tough choices as a leadership team that we have to make. I think the great thing about insulins is that we are in the position to have multiple growth opportunities and programs and potential steps that we can take in front of us and our job is to make those tough decisions and prioritize the ones that we think are going to drive the most value for the organization. And right now with the addition of both Abbott, Libre and DexCom's next generation sensor, we believe that those combined have the potential to be more attractive opportunities in terms of the market size. And how quickly we can use them to drive into those market opportunities. It doesn't really diminish our enthusiasm. We look at concentrated insulins as an attractive opportunity. It just means we have more attractive opportunities. And in terms of the pipeline we haven't been public with our entire pipeline. There's a lot going on here. But one thing we have said is that we believe that Omnipod powered by Horizon is a platform that can continue to evolve and grow and bring value to both people living with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. And so we've got really exciting plans on that front to continue to bring iterations of that platform into the marketplace. And so this is I think the right decision. It's all driven by a number of analysis that we do to kind of evaluate one program versus the other. I think the team did a rigorous evaluation and this prioritization level is the right prioritization.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Jeff, you sound like me with the team. But I'll say -- so when we say completely enrolled it then takes a while for people to actually get on the product, right. They're enrolled as trial participants and then they need to be seen and put on the product to be able to participate in the trial and that takes some time. So it doesn't happen overnight. We expect from this trial to have about 21,000 patient-wearing days collected over the course of the pivotal and we've got about 8,000 patient-wearing days under our belt. So we've still got some time to go. And so I think a lot to learn in that process. I'm hesitant to kind of provide a more aggressive timeline. I think later this year as what we've said and that feels right to me. Based on all the work that still needs to happen. But I think, we are excited about the program. just learning every day and I want to be cautious about how we guide about this. Because I think -- I do think it's going to take some time for us to collect that data, react to the data, determine any learnings that we want to incorporate before we move forward with the commercial final product. All that stuff still has to happen. So teams are committed. We've got great people on it. And it's going to be, I think a terrific product.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. I'll start with the first question which was just change in utilization habits. And we haven't noted a change in utilization or attrition with the Type 2. But when I say there's still a lot of wood to chop that's kind of what I'm referring to. It's early days with the Type 2 user population. We've seen a notable tick up. But it's a little early to conclusively say attrition isn't different or utilization isn't different. So we're certainly monitoring those trends carefully. And to date we haven't seen a notable difference. And then the question regarding the estimates. So that comes -- we triangulate on that number from a bunch of external market research reports, the IDF Atlas and internal data. And one difference might be sometimes other organizations will haircut based on access. And remember Omnipod has pretty solid access in the Type 2 population. And so we don't necessarily have the same haircut that other companies might.
Shacey Petrovic: Oh, I see overall mix. We haven't get it an updated number there. The last number that we gave was that it was 15% to 20% of the total base.
Shacey Petrovic: Great. Bran, good questions. So, I would describe it as a pull strategy really. And it got set up in terms of a strong foundation with Insulet securing Medicare reimbursement, because remember that 40% of people living with Type 2 are over the age of 60. And so Medicare reimbursement is really important in order to be able to drive adoption among this population. And then I think the business model of eliminating the upfront cost and reducing the risk for the patient payor and physician to just try Omnipod for this population of users has helped to encourage more people who otherwise would not have tried it to actually give it a go. And then we're seeing obviously that they like it and are sticking with it. It also reduces the cost burden and makes the cost more predictable for the patient. And so all of those things are really helpful particularly in this patient population. And then I think DASH in particular has some design features that also are very appealing for the Type 2 segment. And so we have educated our sales teams and provided them with tools and resources to help educate clinicians and potential new Omnipod users living with Type 2 diabetes on these benefits. And then obviously launch programs to help them be able to potentially try it before they buy it, so to speak. So all of those things have been helping us drive that increase adoption. Those aren't going away. And I think the growing experience in user base especially among clinicians who are seeing this as a tool that they can wheel, that's successful for these for these patients I think is really helpful and that's why we have confidence that the trend will continue.
Shacey Petrovic: And we've just started to have discussions with Tidepool around what the commercial launch strategy might look like. I think there's a lot of unanswered questions and so I don't want to speak for Tidepool in terms of what their strategy is. I will say that for Horizon and I would highly, highly encourage if not require for Tidepool that a limited market release is something that we will do, because it's really important to ensure that we have fully tested the system. We fully tested our internal support capabilities. We know in particular for Horizon that demand is going to be strong. And so, we want to make sure that we get that right in terms of performance, support training, all of the surround sound of launching a product like that. So, we will go into a limited market release and we'll see a very typical I think execution of that, which means it won't be a kind of a full market release for probably months after the clearance.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. So, I'll start with Libre, which we just finalized these agreements. And then once that happens the programs become funded and that's when significant resources start working on them. So those teams will work together then to define the program and then timelines for regulatory submissions and launches. And so we'll communicate that out as we come to alignment and all that guidance is finalized with our partners. I don't -- and wouldn't comment on iCGM clearance for Abbott Libre. We're very confident in our partner. But it's their strategy and their timeline. So our Libre Horizon program is dependent upon in iCGM regulatory clearance. And then the second question was on Horizon time and range. I think we feel very excited about the data that we have published to date. And -- but we're not -- we're blinded to the pivotal clinical data. So we don't have visibility to timing range coming out of our pivotal. We won't have that until the investigators present the data and/or we publish it. So I don't have a lot of insight there. In our discussions with the FDA, they haven't really focused on a particular timing range target. It really has been about how these systems safely and effectively manage glucose delivery -- manage insulin delivery for the patient as opposed to setting out a particular time and range target. And I guess I would validate that by just pointing to the special controls which have now been published for CGM and for -- or for iCGM for iPump and iController, there really aren't time and range targets as part of those special controls.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. We don't -- so the best data that we have in terms of pump penetration is from the U.S. and the estimate there is that approximately 35% of people living with Type 1 diabetes are using pump therapy that has been growing. So that's up from 30% just a couple of years ago. And Type 2 is much smaller than that. We estimate at this point probably less than 5% of people living with insulin dependent Type 2 diabetes are relying on pump therapy. We don't really contemplate our percentage of the pump market. We think more about our percentage of the total opportunity because as you note 80% usually 70% to 80%, but more recently 80% of our users come from multiple daily injections. So I don't really have a off the top of my head estimate in terms of market share. Although I would say, we probably have the largest market share in Type 2 just given the way that the growth has occurred.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Those are great questions and things we're talking about all the time in terms of Horizon and leveraging the pharmacy channel. And so today, DASH is primarily available in the pharmacy channel. We do have one DME contract through the pharmacy channel, where they have agreed to the pay-as-you-go model. And that's really the distinction. So we actually are open to contracting in DME channels, but what we believe firmly in, and what we believe in 2019 helped grow adoption particularly among the Type 2 segment is what we call our pay-as-you-go model and eliminating this large upfront cost, and in exchange for a premium on the pod. And that should be an attractive value proposition for a payor whether frankly whether you're in the DME side or the pharmacy side, because it helps to offset the risk or absorb the risk for member attrition. And in this one case, large DME payor that is the model that they agreed to, and so we do have a DME contract. So we may or may not see that grow. And frankly, one of the surprises in 2019 was that while we started to see such great progress in pharmacy, and started to see that channel establish itself and grow, we also did not see the consequential decline in the DME channel the way that we might have expected at the beginning of the year. So it's great to see both channels thriving. You know what we believe in, and what we want to see grow across potentially both channels, but particularly well suited in the pharmacy is this pay-as-you-go model. And then the second question that you have regarding pharmacy, the intention regarding Horizon, rather the intention is to leverage all of the work that we've done particularly in the pharmacy with establishing these DASH agreements, establishing the wholesaler partnerships, establishing all of the relationships with our PDMs and our pharmacy payors is to leverage all of that so that we can rapidly establish access for Horizon in the pharmacy, which is our preferred channel to launch the technology in. But I would point out, and we did it pretty quickly with DASH, so we established pretty rapid access in nine months with DASH in 2019. We're hoping to do it faster with Horizon, but it was really rapid adoption in that channel, which I think just points to the strength of the value proposition.
Shacey Petrovic: Great. Thank you everyone for joining our call today. I want to close by thanking our global Insulet team who works tirelessly to improve the lives of people with diabetes. 2020 is going to be another exciting year for Insulet and we look forward to speaking with all of you throughout the year about our continued progress. Thanks, and have a great evening.
Wayde McMillan: Hi, Matt. It’s Wayde. So first of all thanks for the call and for the question. For our U.S. guidance, we feel that 18% to 22% is a strong guide for the year, and for Q1 that you referenced 27% to 29%, also a strong guide. There were a couple of key drivers that give us confidence here. I mentioned that the first half benefits from DASH in the pharmacy, does create a tougher time for us in the second half. So we have the Q1 guide here above the full year. We have a larger percentage, you know 30% of our new patient starts in Q4 or coming from Type 2 and we're positioned very well there. So a lot of reasons that we're confident in the 27% to 29%. We are aware of one now and a potential second new competitive AID out there in the marketplace in 2020, so we do think it will create some noise in the marketplace. We haven't seen that in Q1. And so that's why we're confident in this guide. So yes, I think to the second part of your question that this is just a standard guidance practice for us, we feel comfortable and that a 27% to 29% guide in the U.S. is a strong guide.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Hi Robbie. So yes, I can try to add a little more perspective to the guidance, particular to the U.S. here with your question. One way to think about it is that we have similar close to the same year-over-year growth dollars that we had in 2019, which was a very strong growth year for us with DASH in the pharmacy in earnest ramping in the second half. And so, we do see the benefit in 2020 of the second couple quarters of annualizing the strategic moves for launching DASH and for moving into the pharmacy. Horizon does not have a material impact to revenue in 2020 until it ramps in 2021. So we feel that dollar growth similar to the strong year we had in 2019 with momentum coming here into the first half of 2020 is the right level and we're going to start the year there and we're going to monitor as many dynamics in the marketplace that we're monitoring. We'll keep those tabs on them and see how we progress here throughout the year.
Wayde McMillan: Hey, David. Exactly, as you said our long stated guidance here for international has been high-teens, low 20s. We feel that that's the range that we can continue to grow in outside the U.S. And so our OUS guidance is 18% to 22% FX is right in that guidance range and right where we expect the region to be. We also have a strong Q1 guide in international. We typically have better focus or better insight into the pipeline for the shorter quarters. And so we've taken up that range on an ex FX basis to 20%, 23%. That's above the high-teens low 20s to start the year. But overall, now that we've annualized going direct in Europe, we have a good handle on our business by region. We still sell through distributors for most regions and therefore we have to account for some uncertainty there, as well as potential for some attrition. But overall, I think guiding to this business in the high-teens, low 20s is where we should expect us to be. We think we're going to start the year a little stronger just by insight to the pipeline.
Wayde McMillan: Hi, Ryan, it's Wayde. So, we're not providing quantifying installed base at this time. But what we said in Shacey's prepared remarks that it was another record new patient start quarter for us. So we added more customers to our installed base in Q4 than we had in any quarter before that. So that's about all we can say on that at this point. And then regarding Q3 stocking, we did not see stocking again in Q4. So what we're learning about our pharmacy channel is that it's very efficient. And we did see some net channel build on the pharmacy side, but it was offset by reductions on the DME side of the business, which is a different channel. So on a net basis for Q4 in the U.S., we did not see any channel build. However, we did see some build in the pharmacy offset by the DME and the more wholesalers and distributors that we add to our distribution channel here, we're learning. It's a very efficient channel. We do think that over time that we will start to see a channel build once we settle out on the DME side of the business and we continue to add channel partners on the pharmacy side. And then eventually when we start to add more inventory into the retail end of the channel we would expect some channel build there. Having said that, we're not reflecting it in our guidance at this point, because we do not -- we can't time when we think that's going to happen. So, we see a material amount of channel inventory build, we'll certainly call it up for you.
Wayde McMillan: So maybe -- hey, Jayson. To start with, we do see and monitor things in our marketplace. And we recognize that there's one out there now and potential for a second. So that was really my comment that just how we get to our guidance is looking at the market factors out there. Having said that, given 80% of our new Omnipod customers come from MDI, we don't rely on two pump renewal cycles for the most part. And so, we do think it will create some noise in the U.S. market and we're going to monitor that piece of it closely. But having said that, we haven't factored into a major impact to our guidance range.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So, hey Danielle, it's Wayde. So from a guidance standpoint, it sounds like this is a popular topic this quarter. Again, we do take a thoughtful approach. We include internal factors, external factors. We build our bottoms up assumptions. And there's nothing out of the ordinary here. What we're not going to do is factor in record new patients start growth every quarter, quarter-on-quarter for four quarters. We're going to take a thoughtful approach here. I did give the context to that our dollar growth is close to the dollar growth we had in 2019 and that brings us to for the U.S. an 18% to 22% growth rate. So we feel that is a strong guide for the year. We see some strength in the first quarters. So our Q1 guide is above that and we feel very comfortable where we're at, and we'll continue to assess it as the year goes along.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So we're not going to guide to Horizon yet. We're planning to have it in the second half of the year. We do not think it will have a material impact on the 2020 revenue. Having said that, we're very excited about this product and the value proposition it brings for the business and our ability to deliver technology to more patients in broader ways because of the advantages of the system. But we're not going to provide any guidance on what that will do to 2021 at this point. Once we launch Horizon then we'll give an update at that time.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. So I can start with the guide, if you like. So for products that are not on the market yet, we're not including in our guidance. So that's an easy answer on the Tidepool front. It's really up to them when -- what their time line is and when they launch the product and when it is we'll assess if it has any impact to our guidance or not.
Wayde McMillan: Hey Matt. We're not providing details. We're not going to go into a finery level details on the forecast. What we did share was that, if we achieve the high end of the guidance range that we will be near the growth dollars, excuse me, near the growth dollars that we had in 2019. Obviously if we end up lower in the guidance range it will be lower than 2019. But having said that, I think a lot of the dynamics that we benefited from in 2019 are still in play. Talked about DASH in the pharmacy and the benefits that those bring. But we've also made investments in our commercial teams both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. We continue to gain experience and strengthen on the commercial side of things. So, I think we've got a lot of momentum. We've got a lot of reasons to believe why we can continue to drive a high-teens, low 20s type of a growth rate for this business and that's what we're guiding to for the year. We're not going to get down into further details on that at this time.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. So I would argue we're getting a lot out of the markets, actually, Matt. And high-teens, low 20s growth rate is a very strong growth rate. We had to make a significant investments in Europe in particular to build the infrastructure in order to support a business growing high-teens, low 20s and taking over responsibility and establishing ourselves in multiple different countries across Europe. So, we think that we're going at a strong pace at a high-teens, low 20s growth rate. You mentioned the new countries that we're going into and we've talked about five new countries this year. It really speaks to the strength of our business model and the annuity when we don't get a lot of revenue from moving into these five new countries in the beginning, because it takes a period of time to accrue enough customers to get to a material level of revenue. So for us, I think thinking about the annuity model, the durability of the revenue stream once we acquire enough customers. And so in Europe it's a little bit more dispersed, because some of these countries have less people in them than the total available market for us is smaller. When you aggregate it all for Europe it's a very large market. But it takes a period of time for us to get to these markets and bring these people on. So we're actually quite happy with the high-teens, low 20s growth rate. And obviously we're going to continue to make the investments to keep that pace of growth happening in Europe.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Thanks Steven. Just to clarify, it's adjusted EBITDA. So we finished in low-teens 13% in 2019. And so our guide for this year is a slight improvement over 2019.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. We are making continued investments in sales force growth both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. -- outside the U.S. particularly for the new countries that will be moving into. We're not providing guidance at specific line item levels for operating expenses. But what we've talked about in our strategy several times throughout the year is that number one, you can expect us to continue to invest for growth. And what that means is, we'll be making the majority of our investments in R&D and our innovation pipeline and as well as we talked about commercial which is in selling and marketing and continuing to invest there. We are still investing in G&A because we have to continue to build the support functions in order to support the business when it's growing at the pace that we are. But I think you can assume more leverage off the G&A than off of R&D and selling and marketing.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. This is actually Brandon in for Margaret. I wanted to kind of focus again on the Type 2 patient population just because you've heard pretty impressive adoption within the market and it's relatively under penetrated rather than focusing on kind of where it can go. Kind of focused on how we got to where we are now. Just interested in -- have you guys been actively kind of marketing into the Type 2 patient population? Or has this been more of Type 2 is coming in to insulate finding out on their own? So it's been kind of more of a push or a pull? And then are your patients -- Type 2 patients are they also 80% plus MDI converts? And I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then in the U.S. you have Horizon coming at the end of the year. But interestingly we saw some -- what I saw was pretty good data from Tidepool on their ongoing pivotal study last week. So, I appreciate you won't want to comment on when that might be approved. But I guess the question is one, is there any kind of contemplation of that being approved in your guidance? Is that baked into numbers now? And then two, if once that gets approved, so let's say, theoretically it was approved today, how long would it take for you to be on the market with a Tidepool enabled Omnipod system? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Apologies. Anthony for Raj. Just a couple on Horizon. Just wondering, Libre 2.0. What actually is the timing for that on the Abbott side and certainly that's been delayed a bit. So I'm just wondering from the insulin viewpoint, what's the timeline for integrating horizon with Libre 2.0? And then the follow-up would be just on the Horizon clinicals. Maybe just to benchmark the views on time and range we think FDA is looking for? And how that target compares to what was put up in DASH clinical trials? Thanks again.
