Daniel J. Levangie: Thanks, Shacey. As we reported earlier, we've had another very strong quarter performance in our Drug Delivery business. As reported by Amgen, the Onpro system continues to be adopted by oncologists and oncology clinics throughout the United States and the professional and consumer campaigns being conducted by Amgen are clearly being effective. Third quarter Drug Delivery revenue was $16 million and we believe we're on track for full year 2016 revenue of approximately $64 million. Our business development team in the field continues to make inroads in their discussions with additional Drug Delivery partners. And I'm very pleased with our progress in building a pipeline of projects that will generate growth for our business. As Pat announced earlier, I've made the decision to transition out of my position with Insulet at the end of this year. I've been involved with Insulet now for five years, having joined the company as a member of the Insulet board in late 2011 and transitioning into a full-time operating position two years ago. As I reflect on the last five years, I'm very proud of the progress we've made in establishing Insulet as a growth company serving so many patients with life-saving products. And I look forward to working with Shacey to complete a smooth transition. I'll also be available to Pat and the team in a consulting role as the need for my assistance dictates. I'd like to thank all of our employees, our customers and our investors for your support of our efforts during my tenure with the company. And, with that, I'll turn the call back to Pat.
Daniel J. Levangie: Yeah, Jayson, what I said was I'm really pleased with the pipeline of projects that we have at hand. And didn't identify any new projects. We're not going to talk about individual projects because of the confidential nature of those agreements with our pharmaceutical partners. I'd just leave it at that. Really happy with the progress we've made in developing a pipeline of opportunities that I think will pay off handsomely down the road for the company.
Daniel J. Levangie: Yes. I'd say we're kind of in the same zone here of four years to five years, would be my best estimate.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Okay. So I would say we're really seeing very little impact. There's, of course, noise in the marketplace and customers are doing their research. But I think where we benefited that it's not the same target segment. 670 is very much focused on patients who are willing to wear a tubed pump, well controlled adults who are willing to put the work into get the incremental improvement with that system. And our target patient population, as we've talked about, I think, for many quarters now, is the multiple daily injection user and so we're targeted towards different segments. The other thing I would say is that, as you know, I'm sure, 670 is not approved for people 14 and younger. And it's actually black box in seven and younger. So the pediatric patient population, which is our fastest-growing segment, is not really eligible or appropriate for this technology. And as we get closer to this actually becoming available on the market, I actually would say that in that instance when people start to learn more about the technology, we're probably going to feel this a little bit less in the marketplace. But we are very confident in our growth and our opportunity and feeling good about the finish for this year and 2017.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. I would say – I think that's a great characterization of our technology. We are very much the pump that patients from MDI go to. And we're able to get people to transition from MDI therapy to pump therapy just because of Omnipod's form factor and its simplicity and ease-of-use. And so, I think, that's a great way to describe us. And, in fact, we've got a fairly strong retention rate and loyalty in our customer base. So, remember, in any given time period, we really only have 9% of patients falloff the product. And of those, I wouldn't say we see transition to tubed pumps. When people get used to relying on a system that isn't tethered and gives them that freedom of life and that ability to exercise and sleep and run busy lives with that freedom, they generally don't want to move to a tethered product.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Well, I should clarify. So thanks for giving me that opportunity. We finished enrollment. So the trial will go actually through the better part of next year. So we really are looking – projecting this to be late 2018, 2019 in terms of market entry.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yes. I'll take the first two and then I'll punt to Mike for the third one. So, we are very much on track for 20% growth in new patient starts in the United States. And when I was reefing to 20% growth, I just meant global new patients. I wasn't referring to revenue.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure, Mike. We believe that the growth is eminently sustainable. I don't know how else to say it. I think there is noise in the marketplace but that's our job to clarify and educate around the noise. And we believe we have a very unique value opposition that's targeted towards a different segment of the market, people that are relying on multiple daily injections today. And that is not an appropriate segment to transition to a product creating this competitive noise in the market.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think it's possible, but it is Lily's clinical trial. So we'll certainly support them in getting this clinical data out into the community as quickly as possible. But it really is their data to collect, analyze, and publish when they see fit.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: There is a strategy in place in terms of geographic expansion over the long-term with the business. But our focus in the more near-term is on U.S., Canada and Europe. But I would say even within Europe, we are not by any means fully penetrated or even half the way penetrated into the countries with opportunity in Europe. So, we see a tremendous opportunity just in terms of expansion in Europe. And then beyond that, of course, there are attractive markets across the globe that would benefit from Omnipod. So that's a longer-term plan I would say. But in the near-term, we really see great opportunity for continued growth within the MDI segment here and abroad. And also with our partner, with Ypsomed in Europe and across those markets, both in our existing markets to continue to grow, but also in terms of market expansion across Europe.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: It's their responsibility from a commercial standpoint. We do the development work to be able to enter into new markets and the regulatory work to be able to enter into new markets. And, of course, we do market research with key opinion leaders to get input into our product development and clinical plans. But in terms of entering into a market and the commercial activities, that's primarily Ypsomed.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Danielle, I would say that we are somewhat immune to it just based on which market segment we're focused on, the fact that again we're focused on that MDI segment. Second of all, the pediatric patient population is such an important fast-growing component of our patient population. And that is not a population that will be eligible for or appropriate for competing products that we're talking about. And I think also the fact that we have geographically diverse revenue streams. And this is very much, I think, U.S. noise that's happening at this point. So I think we really have just been impacted less than some of the other companies out there.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I would say that we're growing fast and we're helping the pump market to grow. We don't really consider ourselves as taking share within the pump market. We're looking at the entire type 1 diabetes patient population. But we are definitely growing faster than the pump market but at least all market estimates are that the pump market is growing between 5% and 10% CAGR, annual CAGR at least in the United States.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: So, Raj, I wouldn't say defense. I just think it's a reason why it's a separate segment and a separate target and a separate value proposition. But I'm not sure how much we shared before, but pediatric patients are approximately 30% of our total patient population.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: I think it's in that neighborhood. I don't really know it off the top of my head and I don't want to give you a wrong answer but it's in that neighborhood.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. We're very pleased that sales force productivity is now at the pre-expansion level, just where we thought it would be from the previous sales force expansion. So we are evaluating and likely will expand the sales force as we look at the growth opportunities before us in 2017 and maybe even before then.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. So we do track this very closely, by the way. And we have made progress on new patient attrition. It's just that I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves and it is kind of a lagging indicator. But we do see encouraging signs that we are providing a better customer experience and that should lead, of course, to satisfaction and retention. There are two main drivers to patient attrition. The first is just the product quality and experience. So I think part of what's driving the improvements that we see in retention is just improving product quality in the field. And then the other main driver is market access reimbursement and coverage. So, for example, we have sadly Podders that age into Medicare and lose coverage for Omnipod. That's just one example. When we lose coverage that's obviously a driver and it's one of the reasons why we've invested in market access and why we continue to invest in clinical data on the outcomes and cost economics of Omnipod because that's what can help us secure and expand our market access position and address that side of retention.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: For example, we're not heavily penetrated into Central and Eastern Europe. So, most of our business today is in Western Europe, so there's opportunity there. But I would say that there's opportunity everywhere across Europe. I mean Ypsomed has done a nice job growing the business and they've been a great partner for us over the years. But still, as in the United States, there's relatively low penetration of pump utilization. So there's an opportunity to continue to grow that market and continue to penetrate into our existing markets as well as growing into some newer countries.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: It just really depends on the market. Obviously it's fragmented in Europe, so it just depends on the particular country. There's a mix of both. And ultimately I think anywhere you sell Omnipod, you're going to need to build an expertise in market access, just like we're doing in the United States.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Yes, and yes. In fact, we started on body trials, I guess – when was the first – it was September. So that was the first IDE. And then we've just gotten second phase IDE approved by the FDA to look at that on body system and the algorithm performance in pediatrics and adolescents. And I think 2019 is the right way to look at the system entry.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Right. Sure. So, right. One reason is the one that you alluded to, which is that the product is not appropriate or indicated for the pediatric segment. I think the other reason that you're alluding to is that the data for 670G included well controlled patients on existing pump therapy. So I don't know Medtronic's strategy but it would seem like a likely target that they will focus on tubed pump patients who are well controlled. And then the third reason is it's just not our segment. We are sales strategy, our commercial organization. Our messaging is focused on the multiple daily injection patients. That is not where 670G is focused. And so I guess that's part of what's protecting us. We do – I don't want to underestimate. There is a tremendous amount of noise in the market. And so we are spending time clarifying what this new technology is and what it is not. And I guess we're just resonating and getting through that noise. But that's going to be with us for a while and we're fully prepared to do that. We have a different market segment and what we think is a very unique value proposition with Omnipod.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: Sure. You're welcome. So I would agree. Artificial pancreas means a lot of different things to a lot of different people. And in fact I'm getting a little unenamoured with the name itself. It's an artificial pancreas research program. Our first product is the Omnipod Horizon Automated Glucose Control System. This is a Hybrid Loop Control System. But I think what we've done is taken a step back and said, what do people living with type 1 diabetes really want in an Automated Glucose Control System. And so we're focused less on features and technology and more on the user experience and how do we provide better control and better user experience. So we are anticipating that our system will be fully closed loop system overnight with Hybrid Loop Control System during the day.
Shacey Petrovic - Insulet Corp.: The patient will still be required to bolus. So we are looking at ways to reduce the burden of carb estimation as you just alluded to, but the patient will be required to bolus.
Michael L. Levitz: Well, what I would say about profitability, yes, it was wonderful this quarter to be in positive EBIT territory. That's – as we've said before, we're almost familiar with being. (30:19) And we continue to expect to be positive in EBIT beginning in 2018. And as we've said before, it's within our control to move and be sustainably positive EBIT before then. But the opportunities in front of us with this product are significant. And when you think about the new product opportunities with the U200, U-500, our concentrated influence, which double our addressable market, in addition to the artificial pancreas and then the mobile Omnipod that precedes that, that we'll take more about at our Investor Day in the next couple weeks, these are very straightforward value creation opportunities from our perspective. And we want to make sure we make sufficient investments in the product development, in the clinical support and data, and in the commercial organization, operational organization, to drive that. So we will see an uptick in spending, but really mostly in those areas that I just described. As far as gross margin, we were pleased last quarter to say that we were at the new normal level and we've improved from, there really principally driven by improvements in yield, production effectiveness and efficiency with really driving down the amount of labor we've needed to use. We'll give more clarity around the gross margin improvements, but on the pathway to 65% and higher gross margins, we will be making regular improvements in that. And there are some different drivers along the way that we'll talk more about in a couple weeks at Investor Day, like the U.S. manufacturing and otherwise, but we're not waiting for that. We continue to expect regular improvements in gross margins.
Michael L. Levitz: And with regards to the cash raise, so we ended up with a net cash raise of about $180 million, because we used the $345 million of new notes, which were at a wonderfully low coupon of 1.25%. We used a portion to buy back two-thirds of our existing 2% note. So, net-net we ended with $180 the million and we intend to use that for the U.S. manufacturing investment and there's still roughly $67 million of the 2% notes out there. So, there's also the opportunity to consider buying back some of those over time. And as we talked about, there are a number of opportunities across the business to make investments. And we want to make sure that we're not really thinking about the cash when we're doing that. So that's how we intend to use the cash.
Michael L. Levitz: And this is Mike. With regards to your question on inventory levels, the growth in inventory is exactly as we planned and as we expected. This is entirely consistent with what we talked about making sure we have enough product for the transition to the lower cost mode of transportation with ocean freight as well as supporting the growth of the business. So in terms of expectations, I really don't – we don't expect it to grow a whole lot more as we get into year-end. But as we're making these transitions, this is what we believe is the level that we're comfortable at the support of the growing demand.
Michael L. Levitz: And Danielle, this is – I would just add that we have a recurring revenue model. And that is different from some of those other parties that you described. So it provides us a greater degree of stability.
Michael L. Levitz: Jayson, it's Mike. What drove the improvements in gross margins was improvement in yield, the effectiveness for manufacturing, the quality with which we're doing it and efficiency with which we're doing it. Pat mentioned that we've been able to reduce head count while we've been growing daily volumes, while we've been reducing scrap and increasing yield. That's what's been driving the improvement. In terms of the arrangement with Flextronics, we're very pleased in September to renew that arrangement. The way that the arrangement works is we've really been working together to drive incentives together where both parties are really driven to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the operation. And so I wouldn't say that it's economics built into specifics in the agreement as much as it is that we're well aligned together to really drive these types of improvements. And that's what we're seeing.
Michael L. Levitz: Well Mike, I think it's fair to say that what we've said before is what we expect for the year, the 20% growth in new patient starts in the United States and 20% global growth. Yeah.
Brooks E. West: Great. Thanks, Pat. Congratulations on a great quarter. I had kind of a follow-up question on the market influence of 670G, maybe looking at it from a different direction. I think there's a perception on the Street that maybe the Omnipod is sometimes looked at as a starter pump on a progression from a patient to a more complex technology. So I'm wondering, Shacey or Pat, if you'd comment on that. And then as you look at your attrition rate and where those patients go after Omnipod, I'm wondering, do you have a sense for are they progressing to a tubed pump? Are they dropping off pump therapy? That would be a helpful clarification. And then I've got a follow-up.
Brooks E. West: Okay. That's helpful. And I was hoping you were going to say a lower attrition rate but you still said the 9%.
Brooks E. West: Okay. That's helpful. And then my follow-up was on the Lilly. I thought I heard you say that Lilly finished the trial for the U-500. I wanted to make sure if that was correct. And then does that – we've been speculating on a product timeline to market; it maybe late 2017 or early 2018. Does that fit? I know that's not 100% in your control, but it feels like maybe the trial got done a little bit earlier than we thought.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Well, half of that, Brooks, is due to the economics and product performance. And we're making improvements in all of those to really improve the attrition rate. So it's an area we're focused on by improved market access and in our manufacturing to continuously improve product quality.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Yes. And I would just add, Mike, that I think as evidence of our confidence in our diabetes business, we are raising guidance $13 million at the midpoint. And that's across all business lines, international, Drug Delivery and U.S. diabetes. So we're very confident of our ability to continue to grow the diabetes business in the U.S.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Not any new updates other than we continued to work very closely with CMS. Washington has been busy as you might expect, but we are working very closely with them on the two initiatives we talked about. And I hope to get it before my 61st birthday, which is coming up pretty soon.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Consistent with our previous comments on the installed base growth is the 20% number is the one we're very comfortable with.
Patrick J. Sullivan: Thank you, operator. Let me summarize by saying again how pleased I am with the progress and the performance of the company not just during the last two quarters of remarkable growth, but our employees' commitment and focus during a time of significant transition over the last couple of years. We still have tremendous opportunities for growth in front of us. And I am impressed every day by the team's passion and execution. Our line of sight to sustainable and profitable growth comes more into focus each and every day. We will continue to build on our foundation and execute on our strategy and we are more confident than ever we will deliver long-term sustainable and profitable growth for our investors. Our Q3 results simply speak for themselves. I'd like to close by thanking the Insulet employees for all your hard work and dedication in doing what you do every day to simplify life for people with diabetes. Terrific job, well done, and keep up the great work. We look forward sharing much more with you in a couple of weeks at our Investor Day in Boston on November the 16. Thank you for your participation today. And, Dan, good luck.
