Brian Roberts: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, thank you for joining us for our Fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. I’m Brian Roberts, Chief Financial Officer of Insulet and joining me on the call today is Duane DeSisto, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements as defined under the Securities Laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act and are making these statements for purposes of complying with those Safe Harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning the company’s potential risks and uncertainties is highlighted in the company’s press release issued earlier today and in the Risk Factors section of the company’s SEC filings including the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. These risk factors apply to our oral and written comments. We assume no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I’d also like to remind you that the guidance we are offering today represents a point-in-time estimate of our future performance. You will find a link to the webcast of this call, as well as to today’s press release at myOmniPod.com in the Investors section. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Duane.
Brian Roberts: Absolutely. I think we’ve said it previously, I mean we’re looking to cut the living type of increases, so I characterized those as around your 4% or so in the categories of R&D and G&A, maybe a little bit higher than planned originally around stock compensation expense, obviously non-cash in nature but that spreads across all the groups. And then the rest of the investment would all be within the sales and marketing functions. It’s safe to say, if you look at our total overall sales and marketing spend in 2013, then we expect to add somewhere in the neighborhood or probably 12%, 13% to that total, give or take in investment here in 2014. We’re starting that hiring process now and therefore it should kick in and ramp up fully in the back three quarters of the year.Bill Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And the gross margins, I think you gave us some pretty good clarity on that as well. I think just to make sure I have it right though, you’re talking about for all the second quarter or sometime in the second quarter, we’ll see overall gross margins for the business get to the mid 50% range.
Brian Roberts: Yes. I think the year-over-year basis is probably between $4 million and $5 million year-over-year from where we were. It’s been a consistent run rate effectively with where we were in the third quarter of 2013 and it’s safe to say that most of our investment is pushing towards the OmniPod side, so we’re expecting that business to remain relatively at that run rate throughout 2014.Bill Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on the profit.
Brian Roberts: I think we’re pretty comfortable with what they are doing. I think we were surprised that it came in weaker. I think the thing we’re trying to do that would accelerate it is, what we described to you is business really predominant and coming from three to four major countries there. We are still not shipping in France so we spent a lot of time working with them on the French market. We’re looking at the Italian market with them. So I think what we haven’t dialed in for the model because we don’t have the answer yet, but we think a couple of things that could continue to accelerate that is if we could break through reimbursement in France and get the Italian market going and we filed in China a while ago and we continue to move methodically through that process. So I think we’ve got a lot of interesting upside. The downside obviously is what it is anywhere. It’s quality, it’s performance, it’s having the product, sales people, only that’s always – it’s execution I think in those countries. But we do think there’s potential upside. We just – I couldn’t even being to gauge the time on a couple of these countries because there’s no clear path. You got to go through the process and you got to keep pounding on the door until you get any answer.Ben Andrew – William Blair & Company: Okay. And last one for us, I guess, can you talk a little bit about how patient retention is going, number one. And number two, how the kind of quality and manufacturing [indiscernible] failure is trending? Is that still consistent with what you’ve seen? Had there been any change there? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Yes, terrific. I think in terms of retention, I think our retention rate is probably around 8%. And hopefully we think if we could continue we’ll get below that. I think in terms of the quality of the product, I think it continues to improve out in the field. A part of that was education. It’s a new product. So in that regard, we’re seeing improvement in all the numbers that we track.
Brian Roberts: And I think from a sales perspective, and again, I think we’ve been very happy with, especially how well they have done since the launch of the OmniPod. I mean we’ve talked about it in the previous quarters. We were frankly a little on the manufacturing constrained side throughout the last probably a year and a half, two years both with the old Pod and then transitioning to the new Pod. And with the production level hitting 2.5 million pods in the fourth quarter and realistically doing that number or even a little bit better here in the first quarter of 2014, that constraints really come off the business. And I think we’re seeing them flourish. So they’re adding patients at a very rapid rate and they double their business in 2013 as we’ve talked about I think the expectation is to double again here in ‘14. And then we’ll look at those future years out. But I’d expect that their growth rate will continue to exceed what we’re doing domestically for some kind of to come especially if some of these other markets that Duane mentioned can come on line be it this year or in the following years.
Brian Roberts: Well I’d just frame it a little bit differently which is again the guidance that we gave today really we’re most confident with that midpoint of our range. And I think one of the things that we pride ourselves on is that we have high level of visibility into the business. And just to characterize it for folks, if you go back in the year and you look at the original guidance that we gave for 2013, we gave a range of 240 to 255 which would put the midpoint of that number right around 247 to 248 and that’s exactly where we came out for the calendar year. So I think certainly with that reorder base, it gives us a big leg up and visibility. So I think that’s the way we’ve structured the guidance for ‘14 and we’re very comfortable with that. On the whole – obviously we still have debt on our balance sheet and some other things and so as we continue to progress forward and we can see how quickly the businesses are accelerating and growing and it certainly gives us an opportunity to make these investments here in ‘14 and effectively sell [indiscernible] and then determine do we want to accelerate some of that rate of investment as well as you wear [ph] that cash balance still. So we continue just kind of an open question for us. And we’ll see where we head as the year progresses.
Brian Roberts: And Tom, this is Brian, I just want to add thing to what Duane said which I think is a pretty important metric that people should take away from this call which is – as Duane pointed out earlier, really it is a lot of time, it’s about the mindshare of the doctor and what’s crystal clear is that the new OmniPod is taking a lot of that mindshare of practices. Again, almost a third of our doctors prescribing the new OmniPod in 2013 were brand new doctors for us. And of those doctors, two-thirds are the ones that had written their first prescriptions in Q2 and Q3, wrote again in Q4 and as hard as it gets there is a third that didn’t; a lot of them were people that probably started in the later part of the third quarter. So, you have – the sales team, seems to be doing a very, very good job of getting these doctors to take a look at the product, prescribe the product, watch the patient for a period of time or patients for a period of time and then they’re getting more which tells me that the new OmniPod is really resonating in the marketplace and we’re seeing it as we move forward here in the first quarter with levels of referrals and shipments that provide us the comfort to be able to say although we had a new – a very strong year last year of new patient adds, that we’re going to see that number grow by at least 25% more here in 2014. So regardless, it’s a big market, I’m sure that there’s some share for everybody out there but on the whole, I think we’re doing pretty well.
Brian Roberts: Mimi, I’m just going to leave the metric guys to – I’ll let you guys do the actual amounts for everybody’s models but we’ve mentioned that we’re over 60,000 customers now and the expectation is 25%, that patient add – or 25% patient adds in 2014.
Brian Roberts: Yes, what’s key to all of these different partnerships that we’re looking at is we’re certainly trying to leverage the new pods for all of them. So the big tenet calling card, if you will, that works well for us and works well for these partners is that you’re able to take – to leverage this manufacturing where we’re producing effectively a million OmniPods per month today and that number could be a 1.5 million by the end of the calendar year. So, unlike the others who are kind of thinking about these stage or so or kind of a prototype stage, the big competitive advantage we have is that we’ve made over 25 million of these things today. There’s a tremendous amount of learning that comes with the manufacturing of every one of those. So we don’t expect a tremendous amount of R&D as we go through some of these different partnerships, the Engine [ph] one for example, kind of going forward and other things but as that happens, that is certainly depending on the opportunity we’re looking for our partners to potentially take on that for you.
Brian Roberts: Yes, that’s right. So, for example, the Ferring pharmaceutical partnership we have, that one there has an icon-driven PDM, so in making changes to the PMD from a software side, I don’t want to minimize it, it’s all work and it all takes time but those are certainly easier changes to make than to do something with the OmniPod.
Brian Roberts: I think we’ll be operating profitable each quarter. Typically the first quarter is always the most challenging as we mention that revenues are kind of sequentially flattish and a little up, and you start to get some incremental expenses in the quarter, payroll taxes, restart all those things so Q1 will be the one that will be closest but beyond that I feel very good.
Brian Roberts: Yes, I think an average is fine to me, I you kind of think of it in the six to 6.5 – 6 million-ish kind of range, 6 million to 6.5 million range, that’s where it is.
Brian Roberts: I mean, typically, EBITDA has been a decent proxy for cash flow for us. We will still continue to be investing in some CapEx throughout ‘14, two major things, one is obviously we’re putting in a fourth line in China this year, in the back half of the third quarter, so that’s one. The second is, we are relocating our corporate headquarters at the Rodemier or two [ph] as our lease is expiring here and we need a bigger facility. So, there will be a little bit of capital that will be extended and just making sure we can facilitate that move as smoothly as possible.Bill Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And how much does a new line cost you these days and same question on relocating the headquarters and in ballpark.
Brian Roberts: Headquarters, few million, 6 million to 7 million on the new line.Bill Plovanic – Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Duane DeSisto: Thanks, Brian. 2013 was a tremendous year in Insulet history. We navigated through all aspects of the new OmniPod launch and we’re now full speed ahead towards an exciting 2014. The question that each potential pump user first decides is tubes or tubeless? The answer is simple. More and more people are choosing to be tubeless as compare to wearing a conventional insulin pump without the 40 inches of cumbersome tubing. The smaller, lighter OmniPod is the only tube we choose for those customer segments such as active men and women and children who wants something discreet and unobtrusive in their lifestyle. No cutting holes and pants pockets, no taking your pump off when showering in the morning, no worrying about your blood sugars when you disconnect from your pump. And all of these everyday situations that the OmniPod continues to provide these users with the insulin they need to maintain and control over their diabetes. We’re excited to see what the next year will bring and we look forward to providing you with future upgrades. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Duane DeSisto: Sure, great question. So I think when you look at it, we got our fourth line going up. It will be in the back half of this year. I think what that would give us the opportunity is the first line which is probably the most manual line that we have there. That is probably the line that we start looking to some of these – the other drug opportunities, that’s probably where we’ve focused because it’s the easiest to convert back and forth. None of these other drug opportunities are so big. I mean we may have talked about converting that line for a couple of days for a weak quarter as opposed to where we are. I think the other thing that we are doing and part of Pat’s marching orders here in conjunction with the groundwork Charlie’s already laid is where should line five and six go? And should we be looking at it? The good news is by working with Flextronics, they have places in Mexico. They have places in Malaysia, all around the globe. But there is no question I think lines five and six. What we didn’t want to do is with line four, we’re gaining this momentum on the margin and we want to continue to drive that. Obviously if you have a whole another facility, you take a short step back with that, but we’d like to have the volumes at a certain level that the math would make that a very temporary kick off. So that’s kind of how we’re looking at it.
Duane DeSisto: So if you look at the way the program is with Ypsomed, there are certain minimums that they require to meet and that hasn’t been a problem for them. And then there’s significant levels above those minimums that they do. If they do achieve that, they get an extra year. So the extension we have with Ypsomed, is not like we said, "This is going great. We’ll give you another year." They earned it. So that is built right into the contract here. And they have the ability, if this year goes really well, they can get one more year I believe is what’s in the contract. So technically that agreement could go out to 2018. And then after that, it would be everybody sitting in a room negotiating how you want to go forward with it.
Duane DeSisto: Danielle, this is Duane. Look I think I’ll go back to the same thing, I think the interesting thing for us is where we compete with all these companies is for mind share, the doctor’s office. Where we don’t compete for is the patients, I mean when the patient walks into the office, if a doctor presents all the options, the first thing that we have in the prepared remarks, which is the business, do you want tubing or do you not want to do tubing. If you don’t want tubing, we’re in great shape. If you want CGM accompanies with no tubing, then we’d recommend that you go to [indiscernible] and that combination we would argue is probably the best pump and the best answer at the moment on the planet. So we feel really good about that. And I think that’s – the key for us is to just to make sure that at the doctor’s office we’re getting that opportunity, I think with the Cellnovo and all these other companies and only time will tell. We’ll see where they all go. We feel pretty good. We really feel pretty good about our foreign factory. We feel really good about what we have in the pipeline and we feel really good about the opportunity. And I think in 2013 kind of hammered that home. I mean we – like I said, we really kind of put some structure into the sales force, Pete [ph] did a great job, the sales force, they focus. We got through on newbie transitions, 60,000 people in six months. So, we feel good about this opportunity and also the competition, the competition will be always be out there but I think we have the right solution for the patients and like I said I’d been saying enough or I don’t know, we – the first product we shipped was in ‘05, so I’ve been on – sold products for a while. I would admit that all takes longer than you ever think it does but I do think we have the right answer for what people really want.
Duane DeSisto: Sure, great questions. So I think from our standpoint and far be it for me to comment on what Medtronic is saying but I think Medtronic is doing – they have pent up demand in their installed base and I’m sure they’re probably turning that base. They are what they are, they are a tube pump with the five – their 530G. I would argue and I got to be very careful but I mean, it’s meant to know in head to head with the 630G, we see – in his version and they double it – and Ypsomed is doubling the business. I’m not – look, do I worry about it? Yes, of course worry about a multi-billion company, I mean, I’d be stupid not to. I don’t think they have the right – I just don’t think that form – factor a long term as to readiness or I think if you fast forward five years from now it’s going to be all in one and like I said, I think we have the right platform. So granted that I am probably the most biased person on the planet in that regard but I will tell you that Ypsomed’s seen all their new products and they are doing just fine, thank you very much, as we pointed out they doubled their business, going head to head with that. So I feel comfortable that they can do, we certainly can do it. I think in terms of people switching back to tube, I mean, we just don’t – I mean, we don’t say it. Look, I think this is an interesting dynamic, Animus kind of did their whole restructure I think, there was an opportunity out there; Medtronic was kind of on hold for some period of time while they were waiting for the 530G to get approved. So I think there’s been a lot of stuff going on. I think our focus still remains on the patients that’s on MVI injections and have we picked up? Yes I think we picked up roughly a year ago, probably 75% of our customers never been on pump before, now we’re about 7%. So we’re picking now some share, I think, Tom, the thing you have to understand is how that decision is made though, right? If it’s patient-driven, we will get the patient, if their warranty expires on a traditional pump and it’s working for him, the doctor typically will not recommend that they change anything because this work, but the doctors really care so bad as the outcome and where people – they want – these are – and how well they’re doing. So, if they have a formed factor that worked, the doctors will know, are we to switch them. Having said that, we picked up some switchers and like I said, the mix has changed a little bit although it is still predominantly – and our focus is how do we accelerate people going off shots to a better therapy which is CSIF, and that really is what we are focused in driving the business.
Duane DeSisto: I think that next big step for us that we alluded to in the prepared remarks is we are now focused on the mechanical aspects of this particular device and how you deliver the insulin and the sensor into the body, so I think once we get through some of that, we have a bunch of IPs that we’re filing also, so, we want to get all that in place before we kind of talked too much in detail about where we’re going and what we’re doing. So hopefully in the back half of this year, we’ll have done enough work and filed enough paper here on the IP front that we feel comfortable highlighting them a little further.
Duane DeSisto: Haven’t heard a lot about that, what we really are focused on is we think to be successful in that space, you’re really going to have to drive outcomes. So the great part about working with a company like Lilly, there’s clinical work, there’s a lot of stuff going on and I think – so, I think that the doctors will embrace this. I think a lot of doctors are using u500 now out of the marketplace in all kind of various forms. There’s been clinical work done, there’s been two or three clinical studies now done using the u500 product, this is all being done off label and we kind of find out about that when we read the clinical results that are being published. But – so, I think it’s the right answer for a subset of the type two market.
Duane DeSisto: Both. Again, since the launch which was effectively very beginning of March – end of February, very beginning of March.
Duane DeSisto: We still have some backlogs that we’re working with Herman as we have talked about, we – because of the Chinese New Year, we made the decision at the end of December to hold on to some inventory versus kind of shipping every last pod we had. We left the calendar year with approximately 200,000 to 250,000 pods available to us to really kind of position us through the Chinese New Year, which thankfully, went very smoothly for us. So effectively, the rest of that backlog is – should be eliminated here in the first quarter or by the very beginning of the second quarter.
Duane DeSisto: Yes, I’ll tell you what, we think we have an interesting way of going about it which is a little different than the stuff that’s out there. So we are also filing a bunch of IP on that, so if Tony were here, even maybe he’ll gag me, so I’ll keep them from tackling when we hear and where does this whole go, I’ll find that when we get all the stuff filed.
Duane DeSisto: Thanks again everyone for joining us and we look forward to updating you throughout 2014. Have a good night.
