Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Robbie. Yes, I think you are right. Your data supports what we see, which is that we are – there are all sorts of things that make Omnipod a really appealing insulin delivery therapy for patients. And some of those things are even more powerful in an environment like the one we are in.  When you think about the move towards a more cost-conscious consumer in this really challenging economic environment, obviously, the fact that you don't have to pay upfront for Omnipod and you are not locked in to four years of therapy, those things are very appealing. But I think probably even more powerful than that is the simplicity of the platform.  And in some ways, telehealth just plays really perfectly into our strategy, because our whole goal is to bring the simplest, most consumer-friendly technology to market and if you think about what you need to be able to transition people in a telehealth environment, from multiple daily injections to a new technology, it's got to be simple.  And we've developed a technology that is simple enough for kids, simple enough for multiple daily injection users and one that really, if you think about it, has two components, no needles to handle, no infusion sets. So it's just a very simple technology to train on. And I think that differentiator is going to become more powerful in the environment that we are in today.  So, we feel good about this trend and I personally am really excited by the capabilities that we've built and expanded on in a really short period of time to be able to lean in during this time and really bring our technology to more people who need it.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. I think it's a good question, Joanne. It's difficult obviously to predict the future. What our data shows is, and I'll speak mainly to the U.S., because that's where we have really the best insight. But what our data demonstrates is that, in the United States, endocrinologist visits are down 60% since the beginning of March.  And of that remaining 40% that are still happening, 15% of those are being delivered via telemedicine. So a pretty significant drop-off. What we see is just a more and more adoption of telemedicine across the United States. So I think that'll help offset it. And I think one of our questions is, how durable is telemedicine, because it's obviously dependent in some ways on reimbursement.  But we do track state-by-state new patient starts and as Wayde said, our leads in those markets to see in some of these areas that were hit harder than others, are they starting to recuperate? And so we see indications of that across various markets and that's what we'll continue to track so that we can continue to forecast.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Joanne. I don't think this impact today makes us feel differently about the new markets that we had planned to enter. Really, what's – what we are planning for is just to make sure that we have all of these markets prepared for successful launches. And so, in various markets, we might be, for example partnering with a strong distributor partner there.  We may be seeking market clearances or even regulatory approvals and we want to make sure that all of that stuff is in place before we launch into the market. And so that's really where we are – when we're thinking about different timelines and potentially early 2021 instead of 2020, it's really tied to making sure that we have everything prepared so that we can have successful launches.  Not that we are thinking about different territories at this point. There is a tremendous amount of opportunity, as I always say. We are really in a handful of countries relative to the rest of the world, and that's true even in Europe where we are starting to build a really strong presence there. There is still a tremendous amount of unmet need.  So we are going to attack that unmet need. It's just going to be a little bit later than we expected because of these dynamics.
Shacey Petrovic: Sure. Yes. I think we're seeing a lot of advantages, frankly and not any disadvantages in terms of virtual training. I mean, I think there are always going to be some subset of patients who would prefer in a perfect world to be trained with a clinician or in a clinic.  But the feedback from patients on virtual training has been incredibly positive. People are describing it as simple. I can tell you from the one that I witnessed just on Friday that the patients were incredibly comfortable. The family was incredibly comfortable that we were able to get more insight into kind of how they operate by just seeing them at home.  And it was a very efficient, very effective training, so. and the feedback has been very positive. So I think this is a trend that will continue regardless of what happens with telemedicine. We are seeing a lot of positive feedback out of this. Our clinicians can be more efficient. Patients don't have to get into the clinic and the feedback has been very positive.  It's just so simple. You don't have a needle. You don't have – you have two components, and it's a really straightforward technology to walk a user through. So, it is ideally suited to virtual training.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Thanks, Margaret. I – first, I'll say that it's pretty remarkable to me that actually virtual sales calls are still happening with endocrinology offices and in many cases, ENDOs are really looking for information from us in terms of how we can support telehealth activities. I think earlier in February, we had a webinar focused on telemedicine with Omnipod and like 800 physicians attended that.  So there is a tremendous demand out there for this information and insight to how do you do this well, and we've got great resources to be able to support those discussions with ENDOs. So that isn't going away. But to your point, obviously, that's where the headwinds are coming from.  We have reallocated resources from a sales and marketing perspective, from things like conferences and travel and entertainment to a more digital outreach, direct-to-patients, to be able to engage them on: one, the benefits of Omnipod, and two, the fact that you can try it, risk-free and you can train all at home without needing to go into the clinic. And so it's early days, but we believe that message will resonate with patients.
Shacey Petrovic: Thanks, Ryan. So we are anticipating just a little bit of time, a few weeks of FDA review for the submission to restart the trial. And then, we've got to retrain sites, et cetera on just the virtual protocols for follow-up and monitoring of patients. And so, we think that's going to take a little bit of time, probably sometime into June, I would guess, before we restart the trial. And in terms of a limited market release, we will do a limited market release. It's best practice with any new technology to do a limited market release. We will do what we can to bring this technology as rapidly and through access and other methods to patients as quickly as possible because, we know there is a significant demand out there. But it is going to take us a little bit of time to get through the limited market release.
Shacey Petrovic: I'll take maybe the pharmacy issues and then Wayde can talk about what percentage of our new starts. I am not sure if we gave that detail. But in terms of the overall base, we now have almost 30% of our U.S. customers going through the pharmacy.  And actually, when I think about how do we really scale this business, we've always been thinking about how do we help our customers get the best customer experience through self-service, through easier training, et cetera. And we've talked a lot about that. Our virtual training tools and our web-based training tools.  But the pharmacy is a big piece of this, too. This work was underway for us, because diabetes is an epidemic and endocrinology is in short supply. And so we need to innovate the business model to be able to ensure that we can meet this rapidly growing demand in this unmet need. And so, of course, all of the telemedicine stuff that we talked about is a piece of that.  But the other piece of that, if patients need care and potentially aren't in their physicians' offices frequently, the pharmacy could play a really exciting and really important role, because unlike your endocrinology office, there is a pharmacy on every corner and if we could leverage that channel to educate, inform, and support patients, that could be a much better customer experience.  And of course, it's a channel that we, right now, from an insulin delivery standpoint or insulin pump standpoint, own. And so, very – we see it as a worthy investment in a way to provide the best possible experience and the most cost-effective scaling commercially of our business.
Shacey Petrovic: It's great to see, too, just the progress we've made on establishing access through the pharmacy. It's a big piece of why we've been able to expand so much and in fact, just in the last month, we've even secured Cigna coverage in the pharmacy channel, which is – that's part of why we saw that tick-up in commercial coverage and part of what continues to drive adoption through the pharmacy channel.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Sure, Jeff. I think I don't want to comment on kind of competitive pump businesses. But what we do know, just from IQVIA data and market – primary market research is that in the United States, ENDO visits are down 60% since the beginning of March. So I think that gives you a sense that this 50% to 75% number is probably right in line with what others are seeing.  And while we are, I would say, bullish on what kind of fit Omnipod is for telemedicine and we believe in that world we can lean in and do better than others. At the same time, we are relying on ENDOs to build telemedicine capabilities. So while we have kind of sped ahead and I think built some really exciting capabilities and support mechanisms for our ENDO offices, they are still across the globe.  Different clinics are in very different situations in terms of their capabilities to be able to support telemedicine. So, we're a little bit ahead of the curve, and we'll see how this plays out and how quickly ENDO offices across the globe, frankly, but particularly in the United States can start to implement and support telehealth for their patients.
Shacey Petrovic: It’s great, Wayde. And in terms of your second part of your question around reimbursement for the type 2 patients, one of the things we really like about the pharmacy channel is that there are – there isn't really a distinguishment between reimbursement for type 2 or type 1, if they require insulin. And so there are fewer restrictions.  It's a simpler channel to access your technology through and it really doesn't distinguish between type 1 or type 2, provided the patient is insulin-dependent and needs an insulin delivery mechanism. And then, of course, we always educate payers on the fact that Omnipod reduces total daily dose of insulin and provides very clear benefits for both patient segments.  And so, we've been fortunate to establish broad reimbursement through the pharmacy channel that doesn't distinguish between the two segments.
Shacey Petrovic: And Travis, I'll just comment on your question regarding the patient assistance program. We don't look at that as hitting revenue, because these are patients who would not be able to afford the product anyways. And so I'm really, really proud of this program.  I am proud of the fact that Insulet was out front and that we can help support patients who otherwise might not be able to access the product. But we didn't view that as a revenue headwind, because those patients would have probably had traded off the product because they can't afford it.
Shacey Petrovic: I think one of the challenges in the DME channel is the limitation of access for people living with type 2 diabetes. So that's one area where we likely will not see access or availability. And then, I am not sure about the others. We haven't really seen trends that would indicate that there is a particular challenge with the DME environment that isn't being experienced in the pharmacy channel with the exception of type 2 access.
Shacey Petrovic: And I think on your question tied to what have we learned about Horizon, I mean we continue to learn every day. But I'll tell you that the most exciting thing from my perspective about Horizon is that, it really has been designed from the outset to be the simplest technology on the market and so that will lend itself very, very well to a telehealth environment.  And the other great thing about Horizon, besides its simplicity, is that there is real-time access to cloud data. And so that will be – that should enable some really easy and effective interactions between patients and physicians, whether they are happening in the clinic or in particular, if they are happening via telemedicine.
Shacey Petrovic: Yes. Thanks, operator. So, thank you. Despite volatile market conditions, we delivered strong operational and financial performance in the first quarter. The team adapted quickly to challenges and executed on behalf of our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. So we'll continue to monitor the situation and keep you all updated to the best that we can during this unprecedented times. And I just want to close by thanking our global Insulet team across three continents for their relentless hard work and dedication. It's because of you, that our team remains safe and healthy, that our customers know they can rely on us, even in the face of this pandemic to get the product and support that they need. So thank you all for joining us today. And our heartfelt thoughts and wishes go out to all of you and your families to stay safe and stay healthy. Thanks.
Wayde McMillan: So, good afternoon, Dave. Yes, so – and thanks for bringing this one up, because we are hoping that we'd get an opportunity to give a little bit more context on it. Starting with the matching of our assumptions with the global economy and what we are starting to see in the macro environment with different countries and regions opening up. That's why we tied our base assumptions to this gradual improvement through the end of the year.  And clearly, we are expecting headwinds through the rest of the year. If it happens that regions open quicker and our customers and patients can get to meet with their physicians and get the therapies that they need to treat their disease sooner. We'll be ahead of those assumptions. But at this point, we're assuming that we'll continue to see these headwinds through the end of the year. And to the second part of your question, how does that compare or contrast to what we've seen in April? I'll use this as an opportunity just to help explain to people the impact of our model and it really shows the durability of our model, because the impact to Q2 is not really impacted that much by new patient starts.  As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, approximately 10% of any quarter is due to new patient starts. And so, we're really benefiting from the strong second half of 2019 and strong performance into Q1. And what we've seen so far in April is, revenue continuing to perform well because we're benefiting from that momentum coming into Q2.  But behind that, we are seeing a slowdown in our new patient starts. And we really see that in two stages. We track our sales cycle in two main stages, sales leads and then actual new patient starts. So even in front of new patient starts, we are tracking our sales leads and that's where we saw a pretty acute drop-off in March.  And so, as that funnel coming into Q2 starts to get smaller, that's where we are seeing the impact and so that's going to impact May and June for the most part. So we are anticipating our new patient starts, although strong through April, will start to slow down here through May and June.  And then, it's our expectation that both given the ability for people to return to their endocrinologists and work on different strategies to improve their therapy, including pod therapy, we are assuming we'll gradually improve through the end of the year. And then, as Shacey highlighted, telehealth, we feel we are very well positioned.  Our teams were already working on telehealth initiatives, and we were training people virtually. But we have redoubled those efforts now in the face of this pandemic and we are doing, as Shacey said, thousands more and that's growing every day.
Wayde McMillan: Hey, Ryan, it's Wayde. And just to add on there to round off your question. As Shacey said, our installed base in the pharmacy is at 30%. We didn't give exact pharmacy new patient starts. But DASH, we did and DASH is 60% of our new patient starts, almost all of those were through the pharmacy as well as type 2 has grown to be a third of our new patient starts and the majority of those are through the pharmacy as well.  So, DASH and type 2 are a big part of what's driving the volume growth now to the 30% going through the pharmacy.
Wayde McMillan: Great. Hey, Matt. I can – this is Wayde. I can answer the first part of the question and then hand it to Shacey for the second part. So, we have not seen a material change as type 2s have become a bigger part of our mix of products. Our utilization has stayed pretty steady through Q1 and also through the first month of April.  And in fact, one of the things that was on our radar when we set our annual guidance at the beginning of the year and one of the things that we thought could have pushed us to the lower end of our original guide was attrition, because, we had done a lot of new things, a new channel, a new product, a new business model with the pay-as-you-go model.  And so, we left ourselves some room in the original guide that we could see attrition tick up. And what we experienced in Q1 is actually our attrition ticked down a little bit. We performed very well in the first quarter with slightly better attrition than we had seen historically. So we're very happy about that.  As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, though, as we head into this more recessionary-driven environment, we are adding a tick-up in attrition and a tick-down in utilization, just because we don't know what the recessionary environment holds for us and we are going to start there and put that stake in the ground and then we'll monitor it as we go from here.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Hi, Travis. Thank you. So to the first part of the question on new patient starts, it is versus our guide and our previous expectations for 2020. And of course, those are estimates, right? We have really good visibility into Q2, as I mentioned, walking through the two-stage sales cycle there.  And really good visibility for Q2, obviously, in this environment, there is going to be more uncertainty for the second half and what that holds. But we thought it was important to just lay out these key metrics and put a stake in the ground, so that we can then help you understand the key drivers for our business here and then we can message to it as we go throughout the year. As far as the full year guide goes, the key is new patient starts. We think that, that will be the most significant metric to watch for. If we just pull up and think about our business model, we have this advantage of a durable recurring revenue model. And so even when we see new patients get impacted like we did in March and the inability for our customers to get to the ENDO office, I mean, it's a really unique dynamic and with that, the momentum of our business carries.  And so we've got really strong growth rates in Q1. We're putting a strong guide in for Q2 and what we have to manage then is this compounding of new patient starts. So if we go through two or three quarters of restrained new patient starts, that's going to weigh on our growth rate, especially given the tough comps we had, because we performed so well at the end of last year. So when we annualize into that tough comp, we are going to have to manage through some lower growth rates in the second half.  But then, as expected, when we see our new patient starts start to build momentum through the end of the year again and then assuming when we get back to normal or a new normal, which is, as Shacey talked about earlier, may involve more telehealth, but we get back to a more new – a new normal where we're getting a regular cadence of new patient starts, then the momentum builds again and we start to drive our growth rates even higher.  So, we felt it was important to really lay out that new patient start dynamic. And then the other key metrics that I mentioned, utilization and attrition. We have ticked down utilization a little bit, attrition up a little bit. But the major driver here is new patient starts. So for that, we are going to watch it.  We are going to certainly benefit from the durability of this model here in the first half of the year. We are going to track these key metrics through the second half and then hopefully, we'll all move beyond this pandemic and get back to business here in 2021.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. Sounds good. So we typically see a few weeks to a month lag between our sales leads, and then leading into our new patient starts. And so, as I mentioned, we saw the decline in sales leads really hit in March.  But our teams have done – this is in direct reference to Shacey's prepared remark, where she talked about the ability for the team to transition to working remotely and working through telehealth and we've done a great job through the end of March and into April transitioning what was in the pipeline into new patient starts.  And so, when we guide to a reduction in new patient starts of 50% to 75% for Q2, it is a result of looking at that sales lead pipeline, what happened to it in March, what we've seen happen to it in April and what we are calculating will be the impact in May and June. So that's the way the math works on that one. So from a training perspective, that you mentioned, Kyle is, our teams are doing a great job. As Shacey said, we are into the thousands in the first few weeks and ramping every day. And that's both U.S. and OUS.  The IT teams have worked with the marketing teams to rapidly learn what are the bottlenecks – worked with the HCPs to find out what are the bottlenecks and these teams every day are clearing hurdles, and we are getting more efficient at being able to train people virtually.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. So I can start, if you like, Shacey. And I just mentioned to a previous question there that through Q1, actually attrition was a little better than we've had historically. And so, in the face of the pay-as-you-go model where we thought we could see some higher attrition. We actually saw lower attrition.  As we get more acute into the month of March, it becomes harder to know if someone's actually attrited. It takes a bit of time to figure out if they've just skipped an order or if they've attrited. But we actually saw the opposite. I called out in the prepared remarks that we are estimating a $4 million of end-customer stocking.  And to break that down, we have really good insight into our direct business, which makes up about – still makes up almost half of our business. So, we know exactly when a customer asks for an order earlier than it would typically be shipped. And so, we estimated about $4 million worth of customers pulled the orders from Q2 into Q1.  And just to clarify for guidance for Q2, we are not assuming any impact in Q2. We are assuming Q2 has the same pull-ahead from Q3. And we expect that we'll see the other end of that headwind in the second half when it normalizes out. So, we kind of saw the opposite, Danielle, where we saw some strength in March, because of customers ordering. We are assuming we are going to see that again here in the second quarter.  As far as attrition goes, I think it's probably a little too early for recessionary impacts to start pushing on metrics like attrition in the first month here of April. So that one is still a TBD and we'll monitor that one very closely. As far as the financial systems program, we are not quantifying it right now, because we don't know exactly how many people are going to take advantage of that program and how utilized it will be. As Shacey mentioned, it's just really important for us and right in line with our mission to make sure that if there was someone who in the U.S. has lost their job and lost their insurance and whether they are in the process of getting coverage through Medicaid or another means to insurance, we wanted to be there to backstop them.  And so, we can't quantify that one at this time. I prioritized it in our list of gross margin headwinds at the end, because I think it'll be one of the smaller headwinds. But we'll – that one is yet to be determined.
