Jim Hollingshead: I'll start with that, Robbie, it's Jim. Thanks for your congrats, by the way. I'll start and then either way or Brent might want to add color -- we're very bullish on Omnipod 5. There's -- obviously, we're so strong out of the gate here. And as Wayde talked about in his prepared remarks, and we talked about last quarter, there are some things going on here with starter kits, and so it's hard for us to get a quantitative trend. But in terms of the nature of demand, we think it's really strong, and we're really bullish. Omnipod 5 is going to be such a revolutionary offer -- it's such a great experience for customers is delivering such great results that we think demand will continue to persist for the long -- not just through '23, but for the long haul. But I'll invite Bret or way Bret and Wayde to comment.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Jeff. We know there's a lot of pent demand for Omnipod 5 and just tons of interest. And actually, we talked to Train we knew -- we heard a little bit about the pressure she was under in the session. And obviously, we want to get Omnipod 5 into every market we can as fast as we can. It's both because it's a great growth opportunity for us, but really because it's such a benefit to customers. And -- we know just the things we see here in the U.S. feedback we're getting from customers; it's changing people's lives. It's such a great experience. It's so simple to use. So we want to move just as fast as we can, first thing. We have announced that we're going to do the U.K. in the middle of the year in Germany by the end of the year. There's a bunch of reasons for that. They're both obviously large and important markets. There are some things we can do to execute there a little more quickly we're working really hard in the background to be able to -- to continue to get into markets as quickly as we can. And we want to be able to reach all those patients. And obviously, it's in our interest to do it, but it's really -- we need to get to those patients and help them. It's really exciting. Every market, I think specific to your question, every market has a little bit of a different set of regulations around once people have been put on a pump or when can they switch and that sort of thing. I think as a general rule, with the caveat that every market is a little different. As a general rule, it won't be as easy to get on to Omnipod 5 for an existing tube pump user as it is in the U.S. because in the U.S., obviously, we have the pharmacy channel benefit. We're in a different category of reimbursement, so people can switch over to pharmacy reimbursement and get on Omnipod 5, they can use our free trial. That ability to switch has been a huge growth driver for us in the U.S. And in a lot of the European markets, it will be a little bit stickier. But those markets are still really under-penetrated. And the standard patient in all of those European markets is still an MDI. And so there are a bunch of people who are self-injecting who are waiting for the innovation to come. And it's just really exciting for us. We want to move as fast as we can. And when we get into market, as Wayde said, we have to guide a little bit. We have to be a little bit cautious about how we got on things like revenue because our model is somebody converts to Omnipod 5. And then as you know, there's an annuity ramp. So the revenue builds as people get on product and then they use pods. And so we have to be a little bit mindful of how we guide on the revenue impact, but we think there's really important underpenetrated markets across all of the markets we're in. and we're moving just as fast as we can to meet that need.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. I'll start with that. The first thing is we're thrilled to see innovation in the diabetes space. That's why we get out of bed every day -- we want to help people with diabetes -- we want to make sure they get the care they need. We want to simplify their lives, we want to improve their outcomes. And so to see a lot of companies innovating in this space, whether it's drug companies, device companies, data companies. We're really happy to see that kind of innovation for the same people we're trying to help. And so that's all a positive. In terms of all the -- all these new drugs, it's early days to see. I mean, there's been -- obviously, there have been a lot of noise and results in the market around it. I think it's early days to know how they will impact the progression, really, they're aimed at people with type 2 diabetes and they may or may not impact the progression of disease. I think if you look at some of the clinical studies, what you see is, in many cases, the people in the clinicals for those drugs were actually also insulin users, which is an interesting dynamic. But what I keep coming back to is there are 0.5 billion people on the planet with diabetes. Most of them have type 2 diabetes, -- everywhere the Western diet goes, type 2 diabetes follows. And so it's a massive unmet global medical need. And I don't think it's going to have a material impact on our business. There's so many people for us to help. It's a massively underpenetrated market. And as happy as we are to see people get helped with new innovations, our goal is to continue to innovate our platform, and we think there will be more than enough people for us to sustain quite a lot of growth as we help them.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Travis, and thanks for your congrats. I'll start with the IP stuff and then I'll ask Wayde to comment on the margin side. It's a little bit of both. We're really bullish on our IP, and we've been working all year actually for months before that, but we've had a concerted effort this year to make sure that we are not just showing up our IP position but growing our IP position. And we've done that, as I said in the prepared comments, we've done that through a number of avenues, including organically, we filed a record number of patents this year. And then we made some settlements, we made the settlement with Medtronic to shore up our position and pay some certainty. And then the acquisition of patents. And as you know, with IP, it's both end, right? And so the more IP you have, the better position you are in terms of playing defense, but also the better position you are in terms of commercializing sort of ideating creating new offerings and commercializing them. So we think it's put us in a great position on both of those. And specific to Bigfoot Biomedical, they had a very rich very rich set of intellectual property patents and filed patents, granite patents and filed patents that we find really interesting from an innovation point of view. But it's both and in terms of offense and defense.
Jim Hollingshead: Chris, for your question. I’ll start. We’re working really closely with our partners, both Dexcom and Abbott on CGM integration and working really hard on – as you know, we don’t give advanced notice of time lines that we expect or anything like that. I’ll just say that we’re working really hard, and we see them both is extremely important – and we’re very bullish on completing integrations across the ICGM space as those CGMs become available. On iOS, that work continues to go really well. Same answer. We don’t – we’re not reporting on time lines. But that app is, I think, progressing really, really nicely. And as we have more news, we’ll give it to you.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Deb. That's a real-time catch everybody. So I hope everybody stayed on the call long enough to get that update. So thanks, Deb. And thanks, Julian, for shepherding the call. And more importantly, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. These are remarkable and really exciting times at Insulet, and we are just getting started fulfilling our mission to improve the lives of people with diabetes around the world. Omnipod 5 is clearly transforming the diabetes landscape, and we continue to deliver strong financial performance and strengthen our global competitive position. So thank you all, and have a great evening.
Wayde McMillan: Sure, Jim. I can jump in. Robbie, it is, as Jim said, a really strong start here in our first 5 reported months with Omnipod 5 in this new platform. And so we think it's very sustainable. As Jim said, we have a significant innovation pipeline to come yet. We'll be bringing, as you know, iOS integration with G7, Libre. We just got the type 2 indication -- pardon me, the Type 2 trial finalized with the FDA, and so we'll be pursuing an indication for type 2 for Omnipod 5 as well. So we're just going to layer in a lot more innovations over time. So that gives us confidence that the platform will continue to grow. Having said that, as Jim called out in our prepared remarks, a big driver of our current growth rate is our converting customers, moving from the DME into the pharmacy channel. So that's what we called out in the prepared remarks that will create a bit of a tougher comp for us next year. So the new converters, obviously, as our current customers, classic Omnipod and DASH customers convert Omnipod 5, and we're assuming most of them will be done by the end of 2023. That's the piece that won't be as sustainable because once they convert, they're done. But the rest of the business just doing incredibly well. record new customer starts, as Jim said, from MDI from competitive switches. And so we do think we're at the front edge of a very long multiyear growth cycle.
Wayde McMillan: Jim, I could pick up on the margin piece of the question. And so Travis, as you said, we've been committed to margin expansion. -- and we've had to hit pause here for a couple of years, and that's mainly driven by the macroeconomic pressures that many businesses have felt. And from an investment strategy standpoint, we had a choice to make, and we decided that instead of reducing our investment in commercial expansion and research and development, that we would continue to invest through this inflationary cycle -- and even though we're paying higher cost for components and it's putting pressure on our gross margins, in addition to some of the business model challenges like with Omnipod 5 at a slightly higher cost and our U.S. manufacturing facility taking some time to hit an inflection point and still a higher cost facility for us. We decided to continue to invest heavily in our leadership position, and that is just because of this large market opportunity that Jim just referenced. And we've got a really strong leadership position to build on here. and we want to make sure that we're as best positioned as possible. And then you're right, Travis, we included in our prepared remarks, that continued commitment. And we think that given the investments that we're making up till now and through 2023 will put us in a position to start to leverage gross margins and operating margins again starting in 2024. We haven't put a number on it yet or given guidance yet. We're just confident that we're in a good position with the investments we're making now, both in the U.S. and internationally and across our operations to start to leverage again in 2024.
Wayde McMillan: Calin, it's Wayde. That's not a metric that we break out. But as you highlight, we do benefit from the premium in the pharmacy channel. And that's largely driven by the conversions we have from the DME channel as well as new customers coming on through the pharmacy channel. I'll just remind everybody that part of the headwind that we have in gross margin is because we give the PDM for no charge. And so as we're significantly ramping up new customers here, that's one of the impacts that the Omnipod 5 product cost impacts our gross margins. But having said that, pricing is a smaller component of our revenue growth. The far larger components are volume, including the initial volume ramp here with Omnipod 5 and this 2-script benefit that we're getting at the early stages here in the first couple of quarters -- and so we don't break out that metric for you, but it's something that's been positive for us, and we think it will continue to be positive for us in the pharmacy channel.
Wayde McMillan: I didn't leave a lot on the bone there, Matt. That's a broad question with a lot of areas to answer. I think -- and I got to be honest, I didn't follow the stocking math that you were doing there that we don't have anything that we track in the order of magnitude that you were talking about there. So let me try to get at, I think what the question is getting at, which is how are we continuing to grow the business and in particular, in the U.S. And because we don't have any hundreds of millions, normalization items that you're talking about. From time to time, we will call out increases or decreases in the channel. And so just to confirm, for 2022, -- we had nothing in Q1.  In Q2, we had $7 million channel increase as we started to roll out Omnipod 5. And then here in the third and fourth quarter, we've called out this additional script benefit, $16 million in Q3 and $15 -- so when you normalize for those, we're talking about a 4% impact in the U.S. And so not to the orders of magnitude you were getting at, but something that we certainly want to be aware of because most of that volume benefit is being driven by converting customers. And just so everybody is aware of what this dynamic is that we keep talking about. It's -- as we launch Omnipod 5, the new customer will get a starter kit, which is their personal diabetes manager as well as their initial order of pods. And if they also get their first pharmacy script order, they will get, say, for example, 2 months in September. So September, they get their initial starter kit and they get their first order. What we're curious to see is how that would impact our second quarter of Omnipod 5. And what we did see is a good percentage of customers actually skip an order and use up those pods. And so we did see a benefit as well, again, for people getting 2 scripts in Q4. And when you net the 2 of those out, it was approximately $15 million. And so that was our estimate. If you -- again, if you normalize for those, we're talking about a 4% impact and that's why we're calling it out. If you go to the share -- part of your question then, Matt, was, are we taking share? Absolutely. There's no question that we're growing at accelerated rates in the United States, way above market growth. And as Bret and Jim highlighted earlier in the call, we had a record number of competitive switches, which means, in the past, we used to get about 20% of our customers from competitive switches, 80% from multiple daily injection. You see in the metrics we provided here, that's now 65% MDI, 35% competitive switches. Both of those are record numbers, record number of competitive switches, record number of MDs coming new customers, new to pump therapy coming on to our products. So we do think that we'll be a share taker for some time to come. We've talked about a lot of the things on the call today that we think are continued drivers of our business that keep us in the leadership position. So I'll probably leave it there, Matt. I look forward to catching up with you after the call and see if we can clear any other parts of your question.
Bret Christensen: Ravi, I'll just pile on to since you asked about new starts. MDI is probably the biggest indicator of it. So is waiting Jim Bill said record MDI, record competitive conversions, record overall new starts. The MDIs, we think, is absolutely sustainable. But also, remember, we were still optimizing things in Q4. There were some speed bumps with the onboarding process. access was not maximized, but did get to 90%, which mirrored our our new starts for the quarter. And then we are just really starting to promote Omnipod 5 in earnest, and you'll see some DTC rolling out. So from my standpoint, I think MDI growth can absolutely sustain throughout the year.
Bret Christensen: Jayson, I'll take that one. This is Bret. It's -- there could be, but it's not in the same way that you might see with other companies because remember, we do have a Part D indication from CMS, which means all of our Medicare business goes through the pharmacy channel. Medicaid business goes through the pharmacy channel. All Omnipod 5 business goes to the pharmacy channel. So really, there's not a ceiling, except for the fact that we do still have DME contracts with our legacy product which, of course, we announced we will phase out at the end of the year and then a little bit with DASH. But outside of that, if you just look past those products with Omnipod 5 and beyond, there really is not a ceiling to the volume that we get it in the pharmacy channel is all of Omnipod 5 will go through the pharmacy channel and all Medicare, Medicaid. So we're going to be much higher than I think most companies in diabetes don't know if we'll ever get to 100%, but don't see a ceiling that prevents us from getting there.
Bret Christensen: Yes, absolutely. So Larry, the first part of your question, around timing and clearance of course, we won't comment on that except that we have said it is with the FDA. And so we're happy with that. We won't speculate on when we'll get approval. We did say we'd start commercialization likely in 2024 we wil surely launch in a limited fashion, just as we did with Omnipod 5, we just think that's the best practice. There's a lot we want to learn. We want to scale manufacturing; we want to refine the commercial model. We've got to build access remember, with this product. So we're having conversations today with payers, and those are going well. You should expect that we'll launch in a limited fashion. We'll probably start in the call point where we exist today, which is mostly endocrinology and some of the high-riding primary care physicians. And then we'll figure out how we tackle this population as they do reside with primary care, family practice doctors, some with endocrinology as well. We're excited about the product. We think it fills a clear need -- and it's going to be really exciting, but we're refining the commercial model and the launch plans right now.
Bret Christensen: And Jim said it, the value proposition of our basal-only pod is not -- is not to compete with the GLP-1s, and these great drugs that are out now like Epiduo we think that it's a complement to those. And Jim said it many of those patients in those clinical studies were on insulin. We know and we hear from physicians all the time. that patients do not get on insulin soon enough. And so that's the goal here with the basal-only pod is to remove the needle phobia, to improve adherence and to complement in many cases, these drugs that are already helping people with type 2 diabetes, and we think there's a clear spot for it. But again, we'll learn all of that in our limited release and as we launch the product.
Bret Christensen: Josh, I'll take the first part of that question and I can let Wayde comment on guidance. So the 15% to 20% that we referenced, -- that's a percentage of all new starts. So new starts for us are new to brand, never been on Omnipod. And those are -- so those are truly coming from either MDI or a competitive to pump, and that's the percent of all new starts that were type 2 for us. So historically, that's been as high as 40%. It's a lower percentage today, but only because the Omnipod 5 numbers are so high. And for the second half of this past year, we've been spending a lot of time in the field speaking to physicians about Omnipod 5, educating the staff, explaining the algorithm, helping patients get on board.  And so a good portion of our field time has been devoted to the launch of that new product. But the raw numbers type 2 patients new to Omnipod are really not that different. It's just the percentages are down. We think the offering is fantastic. We look forward to this year where now that physicians are comfortable with Omnipod 5 or writing prescriptions that we can start to have a portfolio sell in the field and start to talk about the type 2 offering with DASH and the value that Omnipod firing. So it's still a fantastic opportunity for us that is really, really underpenetrated and we're excited about.
Bret Christensen: Yes, Margaret. We have talked about the 85,000 or so retail pharmacies in the U.S. And we don't report out on how many of those pharmacies have distributed Omnipod, but we do get that information from IQVIA is obviously it's substantial. But the reason is -- I don't think it's that important because what's really important to me is how many pharmacies have access to 75 and can dispense Omnipod 5? And the answer to that is really almost all of them because we've done a really good job building the channel out. We've got product with all the major wholesalers and those wholesalers supply Omnipod 5 to the pharmacy. So -- as far as the 85,000 retail pharmacies as far as the are there and how much Omnipod is on the shelf, it's really not that much because when a physician sends a prescription to a pharmacy, it's about 24 hours that a wholesaler will send Omnipod to that retail pharmacy.  In most cases, that's how it's happening. In some cases, those retail pharmacies do stock Omnipod when they know they've got regular Omnipod customers picking up their product every month. But the channel is really strong. And the reality is that most of those pharmacies have the ability to distribute Omnipod.
Bret Christensen: Steve, yes, it's Bret. Thanks for the question. I don't know if we're putting the foot down, but we are starting to use DTC for Omnipod 5, and you'll start to see that via TV. We've always been strong with social media, digital advertising and now we'll start TV with Omnipod 5 this quarter if you haven't seen it already. So you'll start to see a little bit of that we'll see how it goes. And then as far as the type 2 opportunity goes, we know there's an opportunity to create awareness for sure with type 2. But we'll see how that goes with the launch of Basel pod. Have done for type 2 with a focus on Medicare free trial, things like that in the past with the DASH product. So you won't see anything with pot of course, until we get a label, I won't see anything with Basel pod. -- and the focus this quarter will be DTC for Omnipod 5.
