Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Rohan [ph] on for Robbie. Congrats on a really nice quarter. So there are several exciting developments you outlined on deck for 2024 just between CGM integration iOS launch and continued international expansion. And thanks for providing that color on those preliminary targets for next year as well. But my question is more related to how we should think about the growth contribution from each of these tailwinds next year and the puts and takes and what's assumed in those preliminary targets that you outlined? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Charles [ph] on for Larry. First congrats on the nice quarter. And I just wanted to ask I don't know if you said this already. Did you say new patient starts were a record worldwide? Did I hear that right? And then I got a quick follow-up.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up. Wondering if you might be able to give an update on the search for a new CFO. What exactly are you looking for there? And I wonder if you could give a possible time line you might hope to have an announcement there.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Jayson on for Jayson. So big picture have the physician or user discussions changed with greater GLP adoption? I'm just wondering, if you changed your marketing strategy in any way? And then just quickly as a related follow-up can we assume that the year-over-year growth in new Type 2 users was higher than your overall U.S. Omnipod growth? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Type 2 -- it looked like Type 2 was strong just in terms of Type 2 adoption. Can I assume that it grew faster? If I just look at the number of type two added in 3Q this year versus last year it feels like, it's faster than overall Omnipod growth, if there's a way to bless that assumption that would be great.
Unidentified Analyst: I was going to make a joke about it. I think somebody else put the accent kind of gives me a way I am afraid. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just curious like big picture not about 2024 just slightly longer term how the launch in the U.K. and I mean, I guess, some of what's around Germany, how you're thinking the time line to returning to double-digit growth OUS [ph] could look. And is there anything you're seeing in those markets that would sort of prohibit you from reaccelerating as Omnipod 5 pushes through that region? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. This is actually Anthony [ph] on for Joanne. Thanks for taking our question. Just a quick easy one here. I just want to confirm the $10 million this quarter that was associated with the Omnipod 5 ramp dynamics. I just want to confirm that was the tailwind. And then are you providing any guidance on what this number could be next year whether it's a tailwind or a headwind? Thank you.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks Rohan. We're really excited about the growth catalysts that we have coming. We've obviously got great momentum continuing to drive really strong demand and new customer starts in the market really well positioned. And we're very excited about getting into the limited market releases for both iOS and G7 early in the year and also really excited about continuing progress with the Libre integration. So we think they do drive continued growth for us. And in terms of the guide we haven't really guided on the number for that. It's really in our color. But we do think it opens up a lot of potential growth for us across the board. They're all important. And I wouldn't want to necessarily weigh one over the other so we think they all drive catalyst. But I'll ask Lauren and Deb if they want to add any color to that.
Jim Hollingshead: New customer starts were really strong not quite a record. And so second we're not we don't want to get in the table ranking all of our quarters all the time, but it was our second-highest quarter ever of new customer starts just coming in behind. Q2 was kind of a blowout quarter for us in new customer starts where everything hit on every cylinder. So really happy with the new customer starts, but not quite a record.
Jim Hollingshead: Sure Charles. First of all we're really happy to have Lauren in the chair. She's been with us for a long time. She's such a great contributor to the company and to our senior finance team and really blessed to have somebody of Lauren's caliber to step in in this interim. And we're conducting a search. We're just out of the market now with the search. We've written the spec. And I don't really want to talk about the characteristics and so on that we're looking for. We think that the CFO job here is a really fun job. We have internal candidates who are really strong including Lauren and early look at the market looks really promising. We want to move as quickly as we can because we want to get to some stability there. But we're very confident we'll get the right person in the role.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks. Yeah, we're so excited about getting Omnipod 5 into multiple markets in Europe. As we said -- as we detailed in the prepared remarks the U.K. launch is going really well. Germany is strong out of the gate. In direct answer to your question we don't see any barriers to driving really strong and robust growth where we launch Omnipod 5. And as I think I said in the prepared remarks we're very confident it's going to be a leading offer wherever we're able to put it in the market. So it's such a great solution it's so easy for customers to use. It drives such great real-world results. And as we get more evidence and we can drive access conversations we're also confident we can get a price premium for the value that Omnipod 5 creates. And so we're all systems -- full speed ahead in getting into our international markets with Omnipod 5.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks Jeff. I'll go in reverse order. We're not providing additional guidance on timing for the Libre family of sensors at this point. We do feel good about the integration we have going with our RADIANT trial. And the customer experience on the RADIANT -- which is the Libre 2 integration that we're doing in Europe. The customer experience on the RADIANT trial has been terrific. And so, we're very bullish on that. And obviously to be in trial with that system we have to have a working integration. So, we're bullish on that, but we're not ready to provide timing on Libre for any specific markets at this moment. On the LMR question, it's a great question. We don't -- we think of LMR as exercises to test hypotheses and make sure the system is working the way we want it to. So we don't actually put a time line on it. We put a set of conditions on it. And so, as we get into market with LMR, we'll see what we see. Obviously, we wouldn't be going into LMR with the G7 integration, if we weren't confident that the system was working as expected. But with all of these things, you have to get the product out in a while to see how it performs. And so we'll get the LMR out there and we'll move as quickly as we can and we're really excited about bringing that G7 integration to market.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Matt. Those are both great questions. First thing I'll say is, we're so strong in type 1, all right? So our offering in type 1 is bringing so many customers into the market from MDI that we expect to continue to drive penetration to the type one market and bring those customers who are currently not on a technology-based solution onto Pod therapy. And so -- and therefore that portion of the growth will continue. We're very bullish on growing MDI in type 1. Type two is a massively underpenetrated market. And we've been through the numbers on this a couple of times. And it's in our deck that we put up our investor deck that shows the market size for type two -- the progression of type two disease. But we've got 30-some-odd million people diagnosed with type 2 in the US who then progress on the basal and then on to intensive insulin therapy. Right now, there are about 2.5 million people in the US market who need intensive insulin as a part of their type two diabetes care. And they're just really underpenetrated as a market for pump therapy overall and therefore for Pod therapy. And we're very, very bullish on that. So if you think about -- we'll continue to penetrate type 1. Type two is actually a larger end market for intensive insulin therapy than type 1. So the proportion -- I do think to your point, the proportion will probably swing as we're able to get the indication for use and drive adoption in the market, but the numbers will go up. The total adoption number of customers will go up on both fronts.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Phil. The Q3 doesn't look hugely different from Q2 in terms of the mix of components of where customers are coming from. The only difference was -- and if I just back up, I'll go into the weeds for a second I apologize for going into the weeds. When we talk about sources of customers, whether it's type 1, type 2, MDI competitive conversion, we have different sources of data that allow us to estimate that including voluntary -- so when a customer enrolls on Omnipod, they will tell us where they're coming from usually. So it's voluntary information. It's not 100% data capture and what that means is there's a little bit of an estimation kind of range on those things. And so, Q3 compared to Q2 didn't look all that different. The only thing that looks different enough for us to change the number was competitive conversions went -- as you said, last quarter, we said it was 75-25. In this quarter, we said 80-20. But even that in terms of total number and range of estimate was not that huge a change. And we've been really happy with competitive conversions over the course of the launch of Omnipod 5. We're really clear at launch that the number, the volume of people converting from tubed pumps was a pleasant surprise for us. And we sustained that for a long time and probably a little longer on balance above historical trends of 80/20 sustained it for a little bit longer than we thought. So it's not really a surprise for us to get back to this 80/20 mix. And what it means is we continue to bring we're the clear market leader in bringing customers from MDI on to -- you could talk about again the broad category of AID but on to AID Pod therapy on Omnipod 5. We're the clear market leader in bringing MDI into the market and we're still taking share out of the installed base of tubed pumps. And so we don't really see anything in the data. And out in the market we see a lot of promotional activity. But we haven't -- our field is not really reporting any move that's making it harder for us in any way to convert people off of their tubed pump experience because Omnipod 5 and for that matter Omnipod DASH are so compelling. So that's maybe a long more in-the-weeds answer than you're looking for but that's how we see it. On the European side of the question, it's -- I think we're going to see that different market by market. And in fact in the UK what we see is different hospital by hospital. So in some instances, the NHS trust hospitals are tilting more towards new customer starts with Omnipod 5. And in some cases, they're tilting more towards upgrading from Omnipod DASH as a mix on balance more conversion than new customers start. A little bit of that is driven by physician preference and a little bit of that is driven by the hospital budget for the year. And so I think we'll see -- and I think it will look a little different in Germany and I think they'll look a little different as we get into other countries. As a reminder, the contracting in Europe locks everybody into a contract. So in the US we're in the pharmacy channel. It's easy to convert from a tubed pump on to Omnipod 5. In most of the European markets whether you're on an Omnipod DASH or you're on a tubed pump, you're locked into a contract for a period of time. And so for example in the UK it's at the discretion of the hospital to upgrade somebody to an Omnipod 5. And so that market behavior will look a little bit different market by market. What we do know is that Omnipod 5 is just -- the pent-up demand for Omnipod 5 in our European markets is really strong and you can see the results already in the UK.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks Margaret. I'll do them in reverse order. We haven't put anything formally into the guide out of the Omnipod GO pilot and we're still planning -- so this is not even yet a limited market release. It's a commercial pilot. And so we haven't tried to quantify that or include any of it into the color that Lauren provided or the guide. The pilot the -- I'm really pleased that we're piloting it in the way we are because we are doing exactly what we wanted, which is we're learning a lot. And it's I would say a pleasant surprise as we get into these PCP practices and talk to them about the offering that not only do they recognize the target patient profile for Omnipod GO as we characterize it. But as we explain Omnipod GO and they see the ease of use of Omnipod GO they ask us about the broader product portfolio. And I don't think we anticipated that that would be happening. And so it's -- and what it tells us is that Omnipod therapy genuinely is so simple to use that it should open up the conversation in primary care. What we're using the pilot for is to figure out what are the mechanics of that. So what does it look like? How many reps? What's the call pattern? What's in the bag? And we're testing things like the target patient profiles and things like that. And so I continue to think of it as early days but the learnings from the pilot have been really, really productive for us as we think about how to approach type 2 patients in the primary channel.
Jim Hollingshead: Hi, Caitlin. We're very confident in our competitive position. Omnipod 5 with G6 sensor is the best AID offering on the market. And what we see coming in competitor pipelines -- we think nothing in competitive pipeline is as good as Omnipod 5 with G6. And so -- and it doesn't mean that there won't be competition. As I said earlier, we see our competitors out there's a lot of promotional activity around from some of our competitors. So we see that out in the world. We haven't really seen it impact our results at this point. Now competition always -- I think -- first of all, I think, competition is great for business. It helps everybody learn and develop better products and it helps customers have better experience, which is what we're all trying to do. And so we know there's going to be competition. We know our competitors continue to try to innovate, but we're very, very confident in our competitive position and our growth profile. And that's why we're so excited about the growth catalysts we have coming in 2024. As to patch pump companies there's patch pumps -- we're the leader in patch pump. There's not really a viable patch pump competitor that we see on the horizon. And so that's another reason that we're very, very bullish on our position and expect to continue to lead the market.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks for the question. We're very excited about the SECURE trial. And as I said in our prepared comments, we've completed the goal for recruitment. And so just to be clear what that means that trial is designed to be up to 400 patients, but it has a minimum number of patients that are required. And so we crossed over the hurdle for the minimum number of patients. And the way to think about that is that it derisks the trial from an enrollment point of view. So we now are certain to have enough patients to successfully complete the trial. Enrollment is still open. So we'll continue to enroll some patients for the next little while because it's always better to have more patients in the trial rather than fewer. But -- so the trial is derisked operationally now with enough patients in to get a powered results that we need. And we'll continue the trial. And then it's a 13-week protocol. Once the last patient is in they'll complete the 13-week protocol. We'll gather the data, we'll clean the data, we'll prepare submission and so on. And then it will be in the hands of the FDA. And that will be a huge unlock for us in the Type 2 space. We're already the market leader in Type 2 with Omnipod DASH. Omnipod DASH has had an indication for use in Type 2 for some time. And we've been promoting Omnipod DASH for Type 2 this year. And you can see the results already. So if you saw quarter-over-quarter DASH actually did really well in the quarter, a little bit better than last quarter in terms of percent of revenue. And that's clearly because as we're out talking to physicians about Type 2 patients and Pod therapy we're driving growth in Type 2. We also know -- even though we cannot promote Omnipod 5 because it does not yet have an indication for use we do know that AID for people with Type 2 and specifically Omnipod 5 AID for people with Type 2 has very high appeal and physicians are writing it off label even though we're not promoting it. And so when you take those two things together the success of Omnipod DASH in the Type 2 market, the obvious pent-up demand for Omnipod 5 in the type two market once we get the indication for use with a successful result from the SECURE trial we think it will unlock massive growth for us. That will come in the endocrinology channel. That's what we also think type 2 growth can come out of the PCP channel which is why we are piloting Omnipod GO in the PCP channel because it extends our reach upstream for type 2 patients, as they initiate insulin therapy with a basal offering. And then as they progress, they will already be on an Omnipod offering and they should pretty seamlessly progress onto either Omnipod DASH or Omnipod 5.
Jim Hollingshead: Great question, Steve. And I would say two things on that front. The first one is, we are considering expanding feet on the street and that's part of the Omnipod GO commercial pilot to figure out how many feet on the street we need to get the reach that we want. The other thing is we get a lot of leverage out of DTP. And so a lot of the physicians that are writing for us, don't necessarily have a rep calling on them right now. And what's happening is our DTP advertising often reaches physicians by the way. So they often see the product through our online media or maybe on the TV ad, but patients go in and ask for Omnipod into those practices that we don't necessarily have a call routine with. So we're getting leverage in that way already. And then we will consider adding feet on the street as you say as appropriate over the coming quarters.
Jim Hollingshead: Great questions, Chris. First on timing, we haven't announced a formal time line on getting to an FDA clearance out of SECURE trial, but it's fairly easy to do the math. I think the last patient will probably be in no later than the end of the calendar year a 13-week protocol analyze the data to do a filing. So I think it's safe to say that, we'll be filing with the FDA in 2024 for sure for clearance. And then we'll see what happens in terms of -- each of those steps can have a plus or minus on the time line on them. But we expect to file next year for that. In between now and then there's a couple of things that are in terms of data on the study. We have published data out of our type 2 feasibility trial. And as we've referred to that in the context of the GLP-1 news that what we do see in -- out of our feasibility data is that the patients in that smallest trial who were also on GLP-1s actually did better on Omnipod 5 than patients not on GLP-1s and for reasons that we explained in the slides that we posted last quarter and that we've updated this week. And so GLP-1s make the body more sensitive to insulin and they reduced the required dose. And so the combination of the 2 actually ends up with a better outcome for patients which is interesting. And along those lines we anticipate that we will have a large number just about half plus or minus of the current enrollees in that trial are already on either an SGLT2 or a GLP-1. And so we anticipate being able to report out on subsets of the trial. That may happen -- it may happen before the FDA filing it may happen after but we anticipate being able to do some kind of scientific reporting on that as well during 2024.
Jim Hollingshead: We haven't guided the timing on that Marie. You can imagine that that's a very urgent matter for us to get to. But we'll do first things first. And so we'll get an LMR with iOS which will be a G6 offering initially. And we'll get into LMR G7 and then the two systems will come together after that.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Josh. I'll provide -- we don't have perfect data on the specifics of your question, but we're very well penetrated with endocrinologists. We know that some of those prescribers are nurse practitioners and other care extenders, in endo practices. And then we know that some of the writers are PCPs or PAs attached to nonspecialist practices as well. But, I don't think -- I mean I'll turn to Lauren and/or Deb, to see if we have other color than that. That's the color I think we have.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks, Danielle. Primary care physicians are really important in the Type 2 patient journey absolutely. And a couple of things, that we're doing there. One is, that's a main -- that's one of the main objectives of our Omnipod GO commercial pilot. We really want to understand better than we do right now, kind of in person what's going on in the primary care channel. And so the Omnipod GO commercial pilot has allowed us to get into a number of primary practices, present a target patient population of them, which we're finding is ringing true for them for the GO offering. And as I said earlier, it's really allowing us to see that -- primary practices, don't know much often about our portfolio products. And once we get in there they're very interested in our full portfolio including Omnipod DASH. And of course, we're not indicated for Omnipod 5, so we're not promoting it there. But it's giving us an opportunity to talk about the whole portfolio. And out of the pilot, we'll develop a better approach or find approach for how to commercialize into primary care. And there are several other options. The other thing, that that we see is that our DTP advertising or sorry direct-to-patient direct-to-consumer-type advertising, and our social media does tend to reach into the primary channel. So physicians, often see that media and patients often see the medium walk into their position and ask about it. So, we're getting leverage in that way as well. And I agree with you we need to really service type 2 patients. We need to find them where they are and very often where they are as in the primary channel.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks Matt. There are at least 3 million patients in the US who are on basal-only therapy. Some people say 4 million, so let's call it 3 million to 4 million people on basal-only insulin therapy who have type 2 diabetes in the US. Really only a small penetration in that market helps meaningful with our growth trajectory because our aim is to not only serve those patients but to introduce the Omnipod family of products to them such that when their disease progresses, which is essentially inevitable, as their disease progresses, we have a relationship with them. We're helping with the therapy early and then we stay -- they stay with us, we stay with them as their disease progresses. The target patient population there is -- there's a lot of people there and there's a lot of offerings in there. There's people on MDI. We've been asked before and we're conscious of the fact that the insulin companies are looking to launch once-a-week insulin, which will be a type of therapy in that market. We think there's a lot of room in that market for different offerings. And for us there's some clear benefits that we bring to market with Omnipod GO, which include there's no needles. So, there's a very significant percentage of patients don't want to do an injectable therapy because they don't like needles. And then the other thing is people forget to take their care. They forget to take their insulin. And so we think that we solve both of these problems for both patients and their physicians and that's what we're testing out in our commercial pilot. So, we think there is a meaningful market there for us for Omnipod GO with basal-only therapy. And importantly, we think when we get to those patients and help them early in their patient journey, we can help them throughout their patient journey. And eventually many of them will end up on Omnipod DASH or Omnipod 5. And so that's the theory of the case. It's both end. It's a meaningful market for us is a basal market. And it's early customer acquisition if you think about it that way early in the patient lifecycle, which helps us to acquire those patients much further upstream.
Jim Hollingshead: Thank you everybody for joining us today. We're really excited to have delivered another outstanding quarter for Insulet with our Omnipod family of products, clearly driving growth and have great momentum in the type 1 market, both in the US and now excited internationally, as we've launched Omnipod 5 in the UK and Germany and are on track to deliver in other international markets. Clearly, leading the market in type 2, which is a very exciting development for us. I want to thank all of our Insulet employees for their dedication and for their focus on mission because it's helped us to get out and continue to reach all the people out there that we've reached helping them simplify their lives with diabetes. There are millions of people around the world that we intend to help and we're well on track to do that. Thanks everybody for joining us today and have a good evening.
Lauren Budden: Sure. Thanks, Jim. So yes we have factored them in. But given our annuity model as Jim said it's not expected to be a meaningful contribution. And we're just entering in LMR in the beginning of the year.
Lauren Budden: So we're not providing guidance today. But just a little colour we are committed to expanding our margins. We're thrilled that we increased gross margins for the full year of 2023 to 66% to 67%. And we are also very thrilled that we increased the high-end of our operating margin guidance range as well. So we're very focused on increasing those and we would expect that trend to continue going forward as well.
Lauren Budden: Yes. So the $10 million is the double script phenomenon. And what's different now is that conversions is really a small component of that. So it's really immaterial. So going forward we expect the double script phenomenon to continue, but it's really just part of our normal growth rate going forward on new customer starts.
