Robert Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Bruce, at this time we'd like to open it up for questions. And all four of us are here to try and answer any questions people may have on the quarter or beyond. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, I think we did talk about it last quarter and it's something that we're paying closer attention to. But it doesn't really move that much in a 90 day period. We certainly are conscious of some of the things I think we talked about last time around as to what we're seeing in the legal environment and the word is moving and that's something that we continue to pay attention to. Again, we wouldn't want to leap to one conclusion or another after a 90 day period. But it remains something that we are sensitive to.
Robert Berkley: I think what happens is that you get to a point where you say no more. And we are in the market every day, it's not that we are not in the market any longer, but we have a view as to what type of return we're willing to accept and we have a view as to how flexible we are prepared to be throughout the cycle. And once you get to a breaking point, we are prepared to say no more. We have a pretty straight forward view, we are in business to make money and if we don't think we can make good risk adjusted returns recognizing things such as relationship matter and you need to take a long term view throughout the cycle, but there is a breaking point there too. And in many of these situations that quite frankly are relationships or accounts that have moved away from us, because they can find cheap capacity that they can arbitrage and they are not looking to partner with. So we accept that reality.
Robert Berkley: No, we believe that the reinsurance business is still an attractive business and we are fully committed to it. Having said that, we also recognize some of the imperfections in the business and we are not going to expose capital in a manner that we don't think makes sense.
Robert Berkley: Well the businesses that we have and their instance that are having a negative impact on the expense ratio and I think Rich mentioned them earlier combined with some of the things that we have in the incubator if you like that are contributing to the corporate expense line. Our view is depending on what the horizon that you'd like to use. Those businesses will contribute premium certainly in less than five years will be literally 100's and 100's of millions of dollars of premium would be our expectation.
Robert Berkley: You know, I think that we don't provide those numbers or that type of guidance. But as suggested earlier obviously we have some exposure to energy I'm sure you have a sense as to where energy prices are just like everybody else.
Robert Berkley: That's correct but as we've also talked about in the past, it's lumpy right and we've accepted that lumpiness which doesn't always suit people who are in your line of business that are trying to predict. But ultimately while we're interested in and what you're trying to do you know we work for the shareholders and are focused on the total return. So the run rate is up substantially this year as mentioned in the prior release and Rich referenced as well and I tried to reference when I was choking before. We're going to have a big game coming through in the third quarter and between what we've had so far this year as well as what's coming through in the third quarter it is going to be a big year for us, but again it is going to be lumpy. Having said that, I think it is our general view that what you see on our balance sheet those not fully reflect at all the gains that we see that exist in our investment portfolio.
Robert Berkley: We find it to be at this moment in time exceptionally competitive. Particularly the offshore is very competitive, having said that there are signs that it is bottoming out. Obviously the health and the prosperity of the insurers in the oil and gas industry have an impact on the opportunity for the insurance industry that's serving them.
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that again one needs to use a finer brush. From our perspective we are in the marketplace every day trying to offer continuity in the market and there are moments in time that the market moves away from us because if the others are willing to offer a product at a cheaper price and oftentimes over time that will move back to us.
Robert Berkley: It's a combination of both. Part of it is underlying wages going up and also my comments again tend to deal with a very broad brush. So there are parts of the workers comp market that we think remain exceptionally attractive. I think if you go back to years ago one didn't need to use such a fine brush, you could write more of a quota share if you will on the comp market overall and you do okay. These days you can't do that, you need to use a laser. But there are parts of the market that we still find very attractive.
Robert Berkley: If seen from my perspective, we're seeing them broaden their appetite having retracted over a few years. And now they're stepping back in and broadening their appetite. It's not that they're necessarily starting a new venture so to speak and going into the specialty space as much as standard line underwriters seems to be spreading their wings a little bit and broadening their appetite. Which we've seen in the past and I suspect we'll see again in the future, but that is the one of the leading indicators that makes one wonder where the market is going.
Robert Berkley: So I think that's really going to be driven by a couple of things, when we have pieces moving in both directions. One piece is that some of the businesses that Rich had mentioned as well as others they will be getting a critical mass over time and there aren't premium well build and you will see them become less of a drag over time. On the other hand as suggested in Berkeley One being an example that is going to be shifting over from corporate expense into the expense ratio in all likelihood we would expect in the fourth quarter as it becomes operational. So long story short, I would expect the impact in the fourth quarter from Berkeley One will offset or perhaps offset and then some benefits that we get from the existing businesses leveraging their expenses.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you very much all for joining us. From our perspective, it was a very a quarter that by and large was in line with our expectations as far as the lost activity goes, the top line I think is just a reflection of our underwriting discipline and our commitment to deploy capital in a manner that we think makes sense as I was suggesting earlier. We do think that the actions that we're taking now are going to have a meaningful impact on our underwriting margin as these actions begin to earn through. And when the day is all done, we are very focused on one thing and that is risk adjusted returns and how we apply that to our underwriting activities as well as our investment activity. So thank you again for calling and we will speak with you in 90 days. Thank you, Bruce.
William Berkley: This is Bill, I think that it's important to understand. How equity represents a substantial part of our unrealized gains and is in fact reflected on our balance sheet. Most of the gains we have shown come from other non-securities kinds of gains. That our businesses we own that we bought with the purpose of settling, real estate that we own and other kinds of non-securities transaction. So they're not mark-to-market on the balance sheet, those who carry it - until we realize it. So as we've discussed in the past, there's quite a few $100 millions of unrealized gains that aren't reflected on the balance sheet, but that will come through. So for example the building we sold was already on the balance sheet the gain wasn't reflected. We expect that there are other things like that will come through over the next year or 2 or 3 or 4.
William Berkley: The kinds of things that we've invested in are long term investment, that everything reaches its peak at a different time. So it's a great time to harvest today in New York may not be a great time in Washington or in Florida or someplace. So I think that there's no generality we give. So private equity business -- we kept a lot of our shares. Every private equity investment, every real estate investment, every kind of investment like that has no cycle and it's not a mode of harvesting whatever. We've been doing this for a while some of them have matured and have good opportunities and some of them we'll keep for an extended period of time.
William Berkley: Sure. So for starters I think it's important to understand that one needs to use a very fine brush. So there are parts of our business, particularly in the insurance segment where we are growing and we're seeing great opportunity. There are other parts of our business that we are contracting and there are few isolated situations where we have decided to withdraw from a particular class or a particular line of business in a particular geography. I think from my perspective, the market is not a situation where the bottom has fallen out I think that there are still meaningful opportunities and particularly in the insurance space. Having said that, I think there is no doubt that it is becoming more competitive and I think that the rate that people are getting in the auto space is to a certain extent overshadowing some of the challenges that people face when it comes to rate and other product lines. Workers compensation would be an example of that. So, I'm not aware or in touch exactly with what other people are doing I just know what we see in the marketplace and I think that there are still clearly opportunities and there are ways for us to grow our business but there are parts in the marketplace that are without a doubt more challenging today than they were yesterday.
William Berkley: We go on opportunistic direction as you know. We try to measure what we can do with returns. What we do with stock buyback or whether within sidelines for expanding the business in one way or the other. And it's a constant evaluation of what there is and Rob and I generally sit down and make that assessment. And it's just a constant evaluation of what's going on and certainly it's impacted by the number of realized gains which add immediate additional capital to our financial statements even more than we would expect in our ordinary operating.
