William Berkley: Good afternoon. We’re pleased with our quarter and we’re looking forward to an excellent year. I think that I’d like to start with Rob, our very soon to be Chief Executive, and he’s going to talk about our operations.
William Berkley: Thanks, Gene. These are especially interesting times. We really do focus on risk adjusted return. It means, we do some things that some of our competitors don’t do. We don’t focus truly on accounting results, because we’re focused on creating shareholder value more than reported earnings per se. That means, we start businesses instead of buying them, because that’s a better economic return; it’s not a better accounting statement return. We’re maintaining the quality of our investment portfolio and keeping a short duration, because the risks of an insurance company are doubling down if inflation comes. You get hurt with your loss reserves and if you extend the maturity and duration of your investment portfolio, you’re effectively doubling down. So we’ve chosen to reduce that risk, the one that we can control. We haven’t lowered the quality of our investment portfolio, because the risk of an adverse economic turn will have a general adverse view on our business. Therefore, we’ve chosen not to take the risk. So we’re constantly looking at the risk side of how we manage our business because all of our employees are owners, it’s the biggest single element on our profit-sharing plan. Clearly, the management of the company views that as how they bet on their future. We continue to look out and see lots of volatility and uncertainly in the future. But we have a lot of confidence in the things that we see. For every problem, for every change, it creates new opportunities. And we think having the smartest people, the best underwriters and the best teams of people continues to give us a competitive advantage. Rob spends a substantial amount of his time out talking to new teams, constantly trying to find the best teams to do particular things, whatever they might be, they can be small niches or big chunks of opportunity. But we’re constantly out there looking. And what we really are is a large group of small niches and we do it in a way that we can compete administratively and cost wise. We don’t look like the people we compete with, even though the numbers claim to be the same. So we’re very excited. We think the future is coming along today. We think that the numbers are moving in the direction we like. Clearly, it’s a cyclical business, but we think we’re well positioned and we’re constantly investing in that future. It probably costs us $20 million a quarter each year for the new things we’ve been investing in. Things we invested in three years ago give us a positive return than new things that we’re spending money on cost us money. We think that’s how you build business for the future. We think we’re going to have a better business in the future than we have today and today’s business is better than yesterday. So I’m happy to answer any questions. Patricia, we’ll take questions.
William Berkley: Our net position in our energy funds as relates to our overall fund has continued to diminish as a percentage of our funds. So it’s a smaller and smaller number. But when we file our Q, we’ll announce those funds that we know already.
William Berkley: It’s the same considerations we always give. We consider how to best use the capital owned by our shareholders, which is either buying back stock, paying special dividends, or expanding the business and we’re always looking at the balance for those things. And the cost of the balance - balance is the price of the shares, the availability of the shares and opportunities that we see.
