Rob Berkley: Josh, thank you very much and good afternoon to all. And thank you for joining our second quarter call. Co-hosting with me this afternoon is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; as well as Rich Baio, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow the usual agenda where I'm going to hand it over to Rich momentarily. He's going to run through some highlights of the quarter. Once Rich has completed his comments, I'll receive the baton back from him, offer a few thoughts of my own, and then we'll be pleased to open it up for Q&A and take the conversation anywhere participants would like to take it. Before I hand it over to Rich, there is a one point or a topic that I did want to flag, and it's something that we talk about with some regularity within our shop. And I don't think it's a unique observation, I'm sure everyone on the call and beyond is acutely aware of this point, but nevertheless, I think it easily falls off the radar screen as we can easily get consumed by other aspects of the industry. And that is the macro observation or reality that this is a very unusual industry for a variety of reasons, but one of them is, this is an industry where you do not know your cost of goods sold until oftentimes many years after the transaction has actually occurred. That creates additional complexity and how one operates the business. It's less consequential when you're operating through an extended period of time where things are quite stable. But when you're in a period of time where changes abound, volatility is material, it becomes much more consequential. Most businesses in other industries, I would suggest, the way they operate is akin to how you steer a car. You turn the wheel of a car, the wheels in the front of the car turn and the car will turn quickly. Because of what we're discussing now this reality of the timing of cost of goods sold relative to when the transaction occurs, in this industry it's different from what driving a car. In some ways, it's more like steering a boat, where the rotor is in the back of the boat as opposed to the wheels in the front of the vehicle. The difference in this industry, like a boat or a ship being steered from the back, is one needs to anticipate. One needs to not just be consumed by what has occurred yesterday, not just be preoccupied with what is immediately in front of them, but one needs to anticipate what is coming their way because of the delay in response to steering the ship. One needs to be trying to figure out what is around the next corner or over the hill. This is something that we spend a huge amount of time working at grappling with as a team. It is one of the reasons why we have been focused on certain things for a long period of time. Whether it's social inflation or economic or financial inflation, these are 2 macro topics that we have been talking about and acting upon for several years at this stage. You can see it in our underwriting and how we have selected loss picks and how we have priced our book of business. You can see it in our investment portfolio and how we have managed our duration. So while these types of topics have become very topical today and we hear people chatting about it, these are things that we anticipated and have been preparing for, as I suggested earlier, years. It's one of the reasons why we are so well positioned. It's not easy. It requires expertise. It requires experience. It requires discipline. It requires foresight, and it requires courage. Fortunately, my colleagues throughout this organization have those characteristics and traits, and that, in my opinion, is the leading reason why this organization is so well positioned today and by extension, is enjoying the results that we are talking about today and anticipate we will be talking about for many, many quarters and years to come. So with that, so much for me just keeping it short at the beginning and handing it over to Rich. Let me hand it over to Rich now, and I promise I'll be somewhat brief after he provides his thoughts and comments. Rich, if you would, please.
Rob Berkley: So we don't have a perfect crystal ball. All I can share with you is that there is nothing that leads us to believe that the opportunity to continue to grow the business, both based on policy count, growth and exposure in our insureds along with additional rate, we don't see that being derailed in the immediate term. So how long will it go on for? I don't know for sure. I think one of the things, Elyse, I know we've talked about in the past, and I think it is worth noting is that we're all very sort of conditioned to think about the cycle as one across product lines. And while the realities of a cycle certainly apply to all product lines, we need to remember that product lines are not marching in lockstep these days. So for example, it is our view that over the next 12 to 24 months, you are going to see the workers' comp market likely bottoming out and beginning to firm. And obviously, that's one of the, if not the largest, component of the commercial lines marketplace. So undoubtedly, there will be a moment where some commercial lines don't have the same buoyancy or resilience, but I would expect that you'll see other product lines firming as they are perhaps peaking or softening. So long story short, as far as specialty and E&S, there's nothing that we see in the short term derailing it. And I think that there are going to be other things such as comp that are in somewhat of the on-deck circle.
Rob Berkley: So I think as you've heard my father comment in the past, and I'll echo his words that we are open to anything, but we are some people would say cautious and cheap. Others might call it disciplined. And from our perspective, one of the cornerstones of operating in the insurance industry is controlling the business. And when you buy someone else's business, you’re buying somebody else's headaches and the seller typically knows more than the buyer. We have done the occasional acquisition, but we are very careful about that. So most deals that occur, we hear about them before they are announced because we are shown the opportunity. But again, ultimately, we have a long-term view. We are focused on risk-adjusted return and controlling the business is an important part of that. And most insurance deals, quite frankly, when people look back on by and large, they probably wouldn't do them all over again if they could, and we're not looking for that experience.
Rob Berkley: Look, when we think about spending every dollar, every penny, we're looking at what kind of value we get for it. Can it improve from here? I guess it's possible. But for a specialty business, I think an expense ratio of 27.7 is pretty attractive. And you got to remember, a significant percentage of that is going for acquisition costs along with boards, bureaus, taxes, et cetera, et cetera. So a limited amount of that is in our, if you will, direct internal controls. So do I think we can do better? Well, we'll have to see how it unfolds, but I think we're very pleased with the progress that we've made. And ultimately, we'll see where underwriting conditions go. The possible someday down the road, if we get into a very soft market, that number could tick up? Yes. That having been said, to your point earlier, we have a lot of growth still like that will be coming through in the earned premium, and that will, in part, benefit the expense ratio. So I don't have a number of basis points that we're going to be able to improve from here, but I can assure you, Mike, we are very focused on it just like we are focused on every nook and cranny of what we all do as a team every day.
Rob Berkley: Initially, the focus will be California within a particular part of the market. And certainly, over time, we are open to considering broader opportunities. For us, we -- long term, we like comp. For us, we like this part of the market, and we think the team of people that have joined us are exceptionally capable.
Rob Berkley: No. I don't think that's how I -- at least that's not how we intended it to be interpreted. I think what we're suggesting is that if you look at our portfolio, a growing percentage of it has reached or is exceeding our targeted returns and how we think about the balance between exposure growth and rate may be refined. That having been said, parts of the business that are below our targeted returns, we are still, again, very focused on making sure that the rate is adequate. So I think it would be a mistake, in my opinion, to assume that the underwriting margin is not going to -- does not have the opportunity to improve from here. I think it's just what we're trying to message is the balance between rate and growth in many product lines rate is not the primary target for us. In addition to that, when you think about our economic model, just going back to the comments earlier, I think that you're going to find that, again, there is tremendous upside leverage for us with the investment portfolio.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think, at least from our perspective, and obviously, everyone is entitled to their own view. But from our perspective, loss cost trend and if you choose to unpack that, particularly economic inflation as well as social inflation are exceptionally leveraged. And if you get those wrong by not a lot, it can be a real problem. We are not interested in trying to push the business. We are not interested in trying to take any unnecessary risk. On an operating basis, we're generating a high teens return, without at least as we think about it being aggressive or optimistic. We're able to do that by being measured. And given that we think about the business through a risk-adjusted return lens, we think we are generating healthy returns for shareholders without increasing the risk by declaring victory prematurely. So we're quite comfortable with where we stand. We have a healthy respect for the unknown, and it's certainly something that we pay attention to. Obviously, as the reserves season out, we will be in a position to tighten up those picks. As we have historically, we will continue to do that, but in the early years, we're just not going to want to run the risk of moving prematurely. But in spite of that caution, we're still very proud of the results.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So probably at this stage, not enthusiastic about unpacking where we see the best opportunities and advertising that to a broader audience. I would tell you that the rate ticking down, what I would define as incrementally, is one I would encourage people not to read too much into it in a 90-day period. But number two, and more importantly, going back to an earlier point and what we at least attempted to articulate in the release is, when you are writing business where your returns are particularly attractive, the way you think about the balance between rate versus growth is perhaps different than it was when you didn't find the returns as attractive and rate was the priority. So each one of the businesses in the group or by product line, by territory is thinking about the balance. And it's multidimensional, but included in that is the balance between rate versus exposure growth. And I think a big piece of what you're seeing there, again, as we try to flag earlier is, there's a lot of the marketplace that we participate in that we like the rates. We like the margin that is available. We feel as though that through how we capture exposure change, we are effectively keeping up with economic inflation, and the rate that we're getting is more than adequate to keep up with any social inflation or stub of economic inflation. And we like it, and we're going to chase it and continue to optimize that balance.
Rob Berkley: I think there's one piece in particular that is worth noting on the professional front. The market for professional overall, we find to be very robust. The one outlier would be public D&O, and it's still healthy there. But what has happened, it's less about new competition coming in and more about a slowdown in the capital markets, particularly around IPOs and SPACs, and that's just a reality. So that would be one of the parts of the marketplace that we participate in, where you're seeing a response to the environment, and there has been less activity on that front. And again, that's probably what's really noteworthy on the professional front. Other than that, outside of public D&O, we're seeing a lot of opportunity.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think a lot of people are -- when they talk about the economy and weakness in the economy, I'm not sure it's necessarily here and now. I think it's people anticipating what the interest rate environment is going to do to the economy. So while -- so from our perspective, our insurers, they seem to be doing quite well. Businesses are growing. Sales are robust. Payrolls are going up. And quite frankly, inflation seems to be driving a lot of it, too. So if you think about workers' comp, just as an example, payrolls are going up because of wage inflation. If you think about the local store on Main Street, maybe they're selling more, but part of that is being driven by they're charging more for their products. And of course, on the property front, we all know what has happened with values. So again, from our perspective on the audit front, we're not seeing our insurers at least at this stage in any type of financial apparel. And we are seeing their businesses grow partly due to health in the economy, but probably even more so as of late due to inflation and prices and wages going up and values.
Rob Berkley: Well, ultimately, from our perspective, we have a view as to how our business will perform. We have some reinsurers that are clearly our partner throughout the cycle, and there are other reinsurers where they look to try and arbitrage us. From our perspective, we understand cost of capital, and we believe we understand the margin that's in our business, and we will operate accordingly. As far as -- we're somewhat uniquely positioned because we are not a heavy cat player. We, generally speaking, do not write large limits business. Well, we do write some, but just as a data point that we have shared with some folks in the past, insurance, types of -- insurance where you can legally have a limit, 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So as a result of that, we're just not as dependent on the reinsurance market because we're relatively cat light, and we're not a big limits player. So we will partner with people that are true partners, and we are not inclined to be arbitraged by those that are looking to do such.
Rob Berkley: So I would tell you that we are very comfortable with our capital position and our ability to continue to write all of the well-priced business that we see out there. So we do not see today or anticipate tomorrow capital being a constraint. In addition to that -- I probably should have mentioned it earlier, Alex, one of the benefits to the approach that we have taken with the investment portfolio is, well, we are not completely insulated on the book value front from what has happened with interest rates and by extension, what's happened to book value. We are far more well positioned than many of our peers. And the rating agencies, certainly one of the ways they look at capital strength is on a relative basis. So when you see some of our peers facing challenges with their bond portfolio, perhaps, those are not the type of severe challenges that we have to deal with fortunately for us. So again, just overall capital, we feel like we're in a pretty good place. In general, we feel like it's not going to constrain our growth, and we think the health and soundness of our capital is really well positioned given the duration of the portfolio and the quality of the portfolio.
Rob Berkley: No, I think loss -- I think it's both, to be perfectly frank. I think the pricing has been eroding for an extended period of time. And in addition to that, I think you're going to start to see severity become more and more of an issue. And I think the realities of medical inflation which have been somewhat benign for some period of time, I think that's going to change. I think you're going to be seeing medical inflation take off, and a lot of it has been sort of historically focused around pharma. And I think it's not just going to be pharma, I think it's going to be other aspects of medical inflation. I mean if you look at healthcare providers, big hospital systems or large groups, they are bleeding out of their ears, many of them, and something is going to have to change. So when the day is all done, there's going to be a moment of reckoning between the providers and the payers, and ultimately, the workers' comp market is not completely insulated from that. I think that there's early signs, if you chat with the people at NCCI that they are starting to see, in the more recent years, issues around severity trend. And they are starting to recognize the current accident years can only be supported so much by positive development coming out of prior years. In addition to that, my understanding is that the WCIRB out on the West Coast had a view that rates should be moving up, give or take, call it, I think it was 7% or so. And that got shut down by the insurance department out there. So there's growing tension there as well. So Ryan, I can't call it to the day, the week, the month or even the quarter, but there's a growing level of evidence that the music is slowing, that party is going to come to an end. It was likely prolonged by COVID because of the holiday around frequency and that has sort of allowed it to continue on for some time. But I think 24 months or so, maybe less, people are going to have to start to wake up and address it. I think the industry is probably running well over 100 at this stage as far as comp goes.
Rob Berkley: The funds. So from our perspective, we think they've been reasonably resilient, as you can see. Please keep in mind that we booked it on a quarterly lag. So we don't have perfect visibility as to what Q3 will look like at this stage. Will it be as healthy and robust as it's been in the first half of the year, we'll have to see with time. We don't have that visibility yet, but we do not anticipate it being a big problem for us either based on our casual conversations with those that are managing the money.
Rob Berkley: So Josh, I think it's a hard one to answer because it varies by product line and level of competition. And in addition to that, not going to be a wise ask, but competitors aren't really inviting us to their rate-making meetings. So knowing how they make their rates and come up with it, we're not really privy to. I would tell you that it's surprising to me, quite frankly, and I think we may have touched on this last time, but I apologize if it's repetitive. But there's a real divide these days between what I would define as standard market, that being national carriers and super regionals have an appetite for, versus what they don't have an appetite for. If they don't have an appetite for it, there seems to be more meaningful discipline in the specialty and the E&S market, and that's really attractive. I have been surprised that many national carriers and large regional carriers have been willing to be exceptionally competitive on what remains within their strike zone or their appetite. So again, I can't speak specifically to how they're thinking about loss trend and what their view is on this or that, but I can tell you that it is a very bifurcated world as far as level of competition between what is still within the appetite of the standard market and what falls outside.
Rob Berkley: No. I think that's just a reality of this industry. If you look at anyone when you think of their economic model in this industry and you sort of unpack what are the drivers in a loss ratio and the leverage and certain assumptions that go into coming up with the loss ratio, some of them can be very leveraged, such as how do you think about economic inflation? What do you think social inflation means? And those numbers don't need to be adjusted very much for there to be a heck of a ripple effect.
Rob Berkley: No, it wasn't pointed at us. I think it's just a reality for the industry, but obviously, the longer the tail, the more potential there is for leverage.
Rob Berkley: Business continues to do exceptionally well, and it's clearly considered a very attractive alternative to some of the more traditional or long-standing names in the marketplace, some of which perhaps have lost sight of their value proposition. And fortunately, for us, we have colleagues that are doing a great job building that business and have a laser focus on what the value proposition is that audience or customer base is looking for and that's being recognized.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Josh, thank you very much, and we appreciate all that participated, you finding time to visit with us today. Clearly, a strong quarter which is obviously very encouraging, but perhaps even more encouraging is, there's clear evidence that the momentum continues to be there in a meaningful way on the underwriting side and a particularly noteworthy way as it's building on the investment side. So we will look forward to connecting with you all in 90 days. Thank you again for your participation, and have a good evening.
Bill Berkley: My only additional comment would be, in spite of where the world is, where interest rates are, the Fed has no choice but to raise rates to deal with inflation. We're going to see rates higher. I don't know if it's going to be 300 basis points higher, 200 basis points higher or 500 basis points higher, but substantially higher. And we think in our sweet spot, which is the duration we ought to have, we'll get more than our fair share of that. So we would expect that will give us at least several hundred million dollars on a comparable basis of additional investment income. So we're quite optimistic, and we're not in a rush to push our duration out further.
Bill Berkley: Well, I think the industry, yes, stagflation is really an issue of how you reserve your plan and how you price your product and the mix of business you're in. So some companies do really well and some do really badly. And we saw a number of companies effectively go out of business, and others prosper and win acquirers. So I think that it's a mixed bag of companies who paid attention to their numbers did quite well and possibly, companies who chose not to, defaulted. A great example would be [Chubb with Hospice] and AIG made some bad decisions, and defaulted. I think there's a whole mix of companies, some did wells, some did not do so well. But going forward, I think that it's going to be a much greater differentiation based on both the lines of business you're in and the particular opportunities that are out there. And my point of view, I generally see greater opportunities, but also substantial punishment for the companies that don't pay attention to the changing environment. And I think the environment is going to continue to save at a more rapid pace.
Bill Berkley: Well, I think that the answer is, duration is unlimited exposure and it's not one we would ever consider taking. Whereas shorter durations that you reset your mistakes more quickly and with more specific challenges. So if you have calibration through the years shorter than the portfolio duration, you know what your exposure is. Whereas if your duration is 3 years longer than your portfolio -- that gives you a different kind of risk. So I would guess, the answer is, we have never been consequentially longer a year or 2, maybe 3 on the long side. And when we have been such, we've been such because we think the world is paying way too much in interest rates for the current interest rate picture. So today, it would be a different story. We don't -- we think the pricing for interest rates is such that it's unlikely that get a lot of exposure. People paying a lot too much as far as rates, and I think that that's maybe even worse because at the moment, it's really an issue where you're confronting an environment where current interest rates are significantly in excess of the current market. So we have never, as far as I remember, really gambled on interest rates substantially in excess of our forecasted duration. And the answer is, we've never been betting on the long side, doesn't suit our general conservative nature. So yes, you in fact have caught one of the views that we have primarily. And that is, you don't get rewarded for taking a long-term debt. Interest returns being in excess of the return on your duration.
Bill Berkley: By the way, I would be happy if somebody has the idea of when we’d come up with that because that would be a hell of a bet.
