William Berkley: We are going to start by having Rob talk a little bit about our operations and Gene talk about the financials. Then I will pick up and talk a little bit about anything they left out and then talk a bit about the industry and where we see our business going. We were pleased with our quarter and generally happy with our results. So now I will turn it over to Rob. Go ahead Rob.
William Berkley: Thanks, Gene. Well, we continue to see signs of the market reaching its bottom, but clearly, the psychology that was required for a turn of the cycle of any dramatic proportion is not yet here. Certainly again in line in certain lines of business prices are not just firming, but prices are increasing. In general though, as Rob said, prices are flat, the declining prices while it still exits in some areas has general stopped. Competition is continuing however for the largest risks and we see it sporadically especially in the closing periods of every quarter where people are trying to make budgets and getting aggressive. The other thing we see is people occasionally are starting to have to pay the piper for their prior year’s poor judgment. So we are starting to see some people not only not having any redundancies to release but have deficiencies that they have to deal with and we expect that that's is going to continue. The overall environment is still not positive. people haven't face up to the fact that today the industry is probably in general at 110 combined ratio in an accident year basis, even the best companies in the industry are at a 98 to 100 on an accident year basis. There are number of good companies still have significant redundancies, but you still have to look at that 110 best companies just under a 100 and the current level of investment income which is delivering for the average company a zero rate of return and for good companies 10% at best, we are optimistic that the cycle is still going to turn, we expect it to turn by the end of the year. we think you will start see price increases as people approach the end of the year, do their budgets for next year and have to look realistically at where things are and our general view is unchanged about price increases of substantial amount in the fourth quarter. We believe that there continue to be opportunities to right business where customers recognize they buy insurance in order to get claims paid and what’s been unsaid here is a number of the most aggressive competitors are behaving in ways that historically this industry has found unacceptable under being more difficult payments and claims and more aggressive in resisting their claims responsibilities. We think both the agents, brokers and ultimate customers are going to migrate towards those companies to take their responsibilities more seriously and to understand people buy insurance to take claims and get them paid. So we are optimistic that we’ll continue to be able to hold our own, expand our position. There continued to be people talking to us because we find that our opportunistic approach to be in growing to expand even in this difficult environment offers traction to people who are experienced and like our disciplined style. With that, I’d turn this over to question’s Mary.
William Berkley: This is still a people business Mike and relationships still exist, novelty and expertise is really the grounding of this business and while its not easy to build a large business. There is a core of relationships that go with people who have expertise and knowledge and if you can attract those people you are always able to build the starting point of good business. We haven’t been able to make a number of those businesses grow as much as we’d like, but we think by getting outstanding people, we are able to get traction pretty quickly.  Not only as quickly as we like them. But its still, as I said, it’s a people business and that represents the reason we have been able to do this. 
William Berkley: The person who they usually talk to first is Rob and when I let Rob talk and then he is more modest than I am, so after he talks then I’ll probably tell you my less modest point of view. 
William Berkley: I think a good example is our budgeting process, we don’t direct goals as the volumes or anything else our budgets come from each operating unit who then tell us what they think they can do and we have a dialogue about it, as opposed to us telling them what we expect. Many people who come here for the first time are shocked that we actually do what we say. But our segments are manageable, there’s one person between Rob and I and the operating units that the Senior Vice President who is not a long line to get through if there’s not a lots of ways that you are prevented from talking to anyone of this organizations so, it’s a very few tiers of people and easy to work in and focused on getting the job done. We like to say we are outcome focused, not process focused and there aren’t many companies that have our resources that are still able to do that
William Berkley: I don’t really. As you know, having listened to our calls before, we don’t get into discussions about the individual lines of business on these calls.
William Berkley: We don't even tell people when and how and where we determine what to buy a stock back, that's not something we just play out, we bought back shares and at times we do and times we don't. We are interested in buying back stock when we think it's good for our shareholders and that maybe today or may not be today but we think it's not something we just play out. It gives us less of an advantage for our shareholders if we tell the people on the other side the transaction what our plans are.
William Berkley: I think the buybacks due to occur in the very early part of the quarter. I think the investment income is basically flat. It's not light I think that in part being quite as a function of, you're always running a race especially when we have older higher yielding paper coming off and investing in that current interest rate. So, it's a foot race to maintain our yield.
William Berkley: It’s basically what you, it is not much change really it is evaluation changes, some oil and gas funds that we have in Canada or which is probably the biggest single piece, then it is real estate. We have two real estate funds.
William Berkley: One of the things that I’ve tried to talk to people about is the state of mind that really drives the cycle change because it’s not just the reported numbers, it’s when the fear of the business doing badly and the real results ending up being much worse than the reported results that cause people to act and as people start to see those adverse trends, there are some companies that choose to tighten up their claims paying procedures and their behavior in the field gets more difficult.  Those companies always end up suffering. So, I think that the independent agent recognizes that. The independent agent then starts to move away from those companies that they see behaving in an arbitrary way. So, we have benefited in general and cyclical turn as large companies and small also, but primarily large companies get being tougher with claims and agents decide that’s not something they can deal with. So we have benefited by that and in the last cycle the same thing happened.
William Berkley: No, the answer, that’s all, (inaudible) that Credit Arrow [ph] continues to do better. It’s a business. I don’t think the margins are going to get better. It’s an industrial company if you will, they are doing better and I don’t think that will continue to have a significant increase in the margins. It’s a little more volatile quarter to quarter. I think they’re doing fine and it’s giving us a good return on our investment, but I think you have started to see a significantly better economy before they would be really be benefiting. And I don’t think you’ve seen it yet.
William Berkley: Unfortunately not. We don’t think that the Goldman situation is all of a sudden going to dramatically change the appetite or the environment for a large account D&L. I think that you are going to see a series of significant SEC claims that will provide the required wake up call. I think what we’re seeing right now is the greatest level of competition particularly on some of the lower layers as some of the folks that have been in the market place for some period of time playing some of the higher access layers or looking for ways over the past call it 12 months to elbow their way up to the table and perhaps become the next AIG, so we will see with the time whether that works out or no, to your specific question, it is unlikely in our opinion that Goldman situation on its own will drive a change in market behavior.
William Berkley: First of all, no of course I can’t discuss what I have done in the second quarter. Because then I would be saying something that I have little enough to say Jay, what would I say of the second quarter call if I told you know.
William Berkley: No, I can’t do, my lawyer is sitting here is waving his finger at me saying, lets not talk about it I am sorry.
William Berkley: I don’t think there has been a particular change in our claims either frequency or severity. There is nothing we [talked]. I think in general we would say that we have been more conservative in our claims reserving for a number of years having found ourselves short in 2001 to a greater extent than we ever anticipated. I think that embedded in our claims process is a much higher level of conservatism which continues and redundancies continue to develop and the fact is there is nothing that causes us to see inflation trends or anything else that’s directionally changing where claims are going we are pretty benign. 
William Berkley: I think that it’s a couple of things, I think there is some change in the business mix as Gene mentioned for instance in the re-insurance area. Our expense ratio went up because we wrote some property business, non-cat related property business that we knew ahead of time or to have a lower loss ratio with a higher expense ratio. So that accounted for part of it. I think another piece of it was we recognized that we will probably more conservative than we should have been in establishing our loss to extend a number of areas and we are trying to get a more precise handle as we look at it line-by-line. And I think that finally, some of the areas of business have proved to be more positive results than we expected.
William Berkley: The long and short of it our net including everything, including re-instatement premium was something just low $5 million. And we in fact will probably pay that claim this week and it was well within what we expect that’s the business we have anticipated loss ratio and its well within the numbers we have.
William Berkley: Well. I think what we are doing is we are looking at commercial lines in the aggregate ex-property cat we are not at this stage looking to have break it out the casualty or the property or the CMP versus it so that’s I think that’s a general view when we do our homework as to where we think the industry is running.
William Berkley: Yes. It’s a really simple thing by the way, if you would take out our unforeseen storm losses, our net income would have given us about a 14.8% return as of 13.5 net income, I know if that wasn’t talked about operating income. I talked about net income because we’ve moved our gains and a fair portion of that to where it’s not in our operating income. But I still think that we will do that. Yeah. 
William Berkley: I think that the answer is in a soft market there is enough pressure for everyone to go around. Having said that we have partners that are built on long-standing relationship, we understand what our role is, we understand what their role, they understand what our role is and there is a mutual understanding that the relationship needs to be rewarding for both parties.  So, is there a bit of fraying around the edges then certainly there is some relationships that we sort of question a little bit here and there. But I would suggest that the core of that group is well intact and we are pleased to have the opportunity to support them and be their partner. 
William Berkley: Why don’t we start by saying pricing levels based on our analysis are roughly at the kind of levels they were in 2000. Inflation has driven costs higher than that and investment income is substantially lower than that. So the industry is doing worse. So you have to put that in the context of what we’re talking about. But the past five years have been extremely profitable years and a number of companies, not even intentionally but almost in spite of themselves have found themselves to be extremely conservative in prior years reserving because business was much better than they anticipated. And as those loss years develop, they are finding redundancies and the redundancies are proving to be far more than they had anticipated. The companies that are in that position are not evenly spread. Companies that reported results in the low to mid 80s are unlikely to have great redundancies. Companies that reported high 80s, low 90s are likely to have more redundancies than companies that reported somewhat higher results will probably continue to have redundancies. So all companies are not going to be created equal with the amount of redundancies they have to bring down, and it varies by lines of business, the shorter the power lines of business, the less redundancy or likely to have because they will have a merged more quickly. So companies that are like private passenger automobile are not going to continue to have big redundancies in all likelihood. Companies that have property business are not going to have accumulated big redundancies, its going to sort of washout catastrophe business, where they have shown great results virtually immediately after you didn’t have many cats. Companies that had significant casualty business will have longer or at least a possibility of longer tail and accumulated longer redundancies that will take time to be released. So it’s going to be different for every company but the third in the cycle is going to come about when people start to recognize the reality of where pricing is and that they need to do it and do something about it. And you know we are running at a 97 - 99 or a 100 I can’t tell you, but I can tell you that our current action year is not great and while as compared to the world, we are doing alright, we are not where we want to be and historically if you’d look at our chart we do 8 – 10 points better than our better competitors and more than 10 points better than the industry as a whole. So, we’ll have to see how that comes out and when do people major players starts to say we can’t live with prices at this level. But to make that decision you have to be willing to lose business. And that’s a hard thing for an insurance company executive to say, that we are prepared to have our insurance volumes go down and either fire people or have a bad expense ratio. So it’s that state of mind that the long term pain of more loses is something I just can’t do with, and when Rob talked about terms and conditions. Frequently changing terms and conditions changes how quickly losses get reported. Because you had coverage’s that allow people to report things that otherwise might not be reported. So it accelerates the reporting and thus reduces the tail on specialty business. So that’s the best I can do to tell you that we are bunch of irrational people with a huge marketplace that respond to our emotions more than the economic reality.
William Berkley: Okay, I thank you all very much. There are lots of signs that there are people who are recognizing this issue as they start to see things happening that surprise them. I would expect our prognostication’s timing is not going to be off much if its off that will be by a little, but we still anticipate the fourth quarter, people will start to look at those changes and react. So, thank you all very much. Have a great day. 
