Rob Berkley: Rich, thanks very much. That was great. So, I'm just going to offer a couple of other quick observations on the quarter and how we see things unfolding from here, and then again, we'll move on to the Q&A. Rich touched on the top line, obviously, building momentum again, as promised. This is a reminder to some number of quarters ago, we agreed to disagree with a couple of partners as to what we thought was an adequate rate. They did not think that we needed that much rate and again we decided to part ways that had a meaningful impact to the negative on our top line. That pig is making its way through the python to the extent that it's of interest, that was in the auto line. So we wish them well and we'll see how that unfolds. Speaking of different products, obviously the marketplace for the past 12, 18, 24 months or so has been very focused on property and with good reason. I would suggest to you, as we've commented in past quarters, auto liability is one that people need to continue to pay close attention to. I think as far as product lines, when it comes to social inflation, auto liability has the biggest bullseye on its chest. And by extension, that clearly spills over to excess and as well as umbrella. That having been said, just in general, social inflation continues to burn and we do not see that abating anytime soon. Quick comment on workers comp, I know we've touched on this in the past. We continue to be of the view that one needs to be very mindful of medical cost trend. We went through a period of time where it was pretty benign. We think that is shifting very quickly. We've touched on it in the past. We think it's going to become more and more into focus for a broader audience over the coming quarters. In addition to that, the benefit that comp was getting both as it relates to COVID and frequency and then on the heels of COVID a tight labor market and wage inflation, I think those benefits have run their course and clearly wage inflation is slowing. I mentioned a moment ago the topic of social inflation. We are very focused on it. You can see it in our rate increases. Ex-comp coming in at 8.5%. We have every intention of continuing to stay on top of it. We think the market is accepting our rate increases, and you can see that in part demonstrated by our renewal retention ratio continues to be at approximately a steady 80%. Another number that I find useful, perhaps others do as well, is the paid loss ratio. This is a number that we flagged for you all in the past, again coming in at a very healthy 47.9% for the quarter, which obviously, given where we are booking the business, would leave one to believe that the strength of our IBNR speaks for itself and would encourage people to look at our IBNR relative to case and IBNR relative to total reserves to the extent you're interested in the topic. As far as the investment portfolio goes, again, Rich went into some detail on this. I touched on it earlier. But without a doubt, it's not just about the 4.5% that we're getting on the book yield. I think the bigger story is the new money rate today of give or take 6%. You compound that with the strength of the cash flow that the business is experiencing. I think it's again setting a table for a very encouraging future. The duration we did bump out from Q3 to Q4, I think it's more likely than not over time you're going to continue to see that push out. But the fact is, having kept it short the way we have has given us greater flexibility to take advantage of the higher rates in a more immediate or over a shorter period of time. Finally, and perhaps a little bit on the forward-looking and picking up on the comments about the investment portfolio, nobody knows with certainty what tomorrow will bring, and there certainly is the potential for volatility to be around the corner. That having been said, you can see the business's ability to weather a choppy time as far as CAT activity. You can see the rate increases that we are getting, and you can see how, quite frankly, I should say, we can see where the book yield is going. So that all having been said, I think it's very clear where the -- how the business is positioned for the coming quarters and the coming years, and the earnings power of the business is likely to be accelerating from here. Lisa, I'm going pause there, and why don't we go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Rob Berkley: I think social inflation continues to be a challenge. But if you look at the rate increases that we're achieving ex-comp of 8.5%, I think that we're in a comfortable position to be able to more likely than not absorb whatever that inflation trend is sending our way. So do I think there's opportunity for the underwriting result to show improvement over time? Yes, I do. That having been said, when we're generating a 20% return, there is no need to push the envelope. I think if you look at the paid loss ratio and how it's been running for some number of quarters, that should be a pretty good leading indicator. As far as the investment portfolio goes to the point that you raised, Mike, I think it's pretty straightforward. You know, you can see what the new money rate is, you know what the duration is, and you can just -- it's not that hard to calculate the upside from here. And as, you know, time goes by, we're just locking in every day, higher and higher rates and pushing that to reach out. So, from my perspective, certainly there's a lot of upside on the investment portfolio, but I would encourage people not to discount the opportunity on the underwriting side either.
Rob Berkley: I think it's just at least what I was trying to articulate to make a long story short. The momentum is returning on the top line, because those relationships that we're in the process of parting ways with are getting towards the tail end. And the impact on the top line is diminishing with every passing quarter. As a result of that, it's impacting the overall less and less. In addition to that, the other piece that I should mention is there are parts of the professional liability market that are really, really competitive and we're just not going to follow things down the drain. If it doesn't make sense, we're not going to do it. And it's a similar story with workers comp. Fortunately, there's lots of opportunities in other parts of the marketplace and you know we are going after those and that's what's driving the growth that you see and I think you're like -- more likely than not to see more of that. Sure is the rate increase a component of it? Yes, but it's certainly not the whole story.
Rob Berkley: Obviously, at least nobody knows exactly what tomorrow will bring, but as you would see over the past several quarters there has been the momentum that's building and there's nothing that I see today that's going to take the wind out of that sale.
Rob Berkley: I think that it's a combination of things, one is rate, and two, certainly our E&S businesses in particular are benefiting from that as well, and our Specialty businesses overall. I think there's a recognition, two things; one, there's discipline, people are taking the rate, and two, I think that there is a growing percentage of the audience that is looking to do business with carriers that they can have confidence in and that's not just about ratings and in the eyes of the insured, I think it's also distribution partners, where they are trying to narrow the number of relationships they have and have those relationships the more important and really focusing on partners that they know will be there tomorrow in a predictable and consistent manner.
Rob Berkley: Yes, I wouldn't read too much into that. There's just a fair amount of seasonality, if you will, to how that business is written. There is still a good opportunity there and our colleagues I think are very focused on it.
Rob Berkley: Sure, so maybe a couple of comments. First off, as far as the growth and the benefit of the growth, I would encourage you to go back and look at how much growth has occurred because of exposure, if you will, versus how much is the growth has come because we are just charging more for each unit of exposure and I would tell you a lot of it is driven by that. In addition to that, as far as reserves and how they develop out, the average duration of our loss reserves is give or take 3.5 years and that's paid. So what my point is, is that the years that perhaps are viewed as more challenging. I think you should have some level of comfort and sense of where those are coming out at this stage.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think there are a couple of things, first off, a lot of it is not necessarily that the underlying business is less attractive and maybe about the ceding commissions that they are able to command, and at some point, maybe we think the underlying business is okay, but the ceding commissions that our competitors are willing to play on the reinsurance side, that they don't make sense to us. In particular, I would call out some of the professional liability space, but I'm not going to get into more detail on that. As far as on the liability side on the direct or insurance front, you know, it's just where we see opportunities and we like what we see in much of the marketplace, particularly Specialty, and if you want to get even more granular much of the E&S market. And as you and others are aware, we're one of the largest players in the E&S space and in particular in the liability lines. So this is just a good moment, and again, what's going on with the reinsurance isn't necessarily that we just think the market has gone to hell as far as the primary, we just may not agree with what some others are viewing as an appropriate feed. You know, I have heard as of late from some reinsurers commenting on social inflation, and all of a sudden they discovered this thing called litigation funding and, you know, kind of, makes you scratch your head and wonder where they've been for the past decade, because these are not new phenomenon, these are things that those of us that are in the marketplace, at least in the weeds, we've been not just talking about the dealing with for an extended period of time. So there's nothing new there. I think it's great that they're focused on it, maybe they'll bring more discipline to the marketplace.
Rob Berkley: Lion's share of its property. There is a little bit of auto physical damage in there and, you know, on both fronts, particularly in the property, I think you know the story as well as we do. There is a need for rate, there is an opportunity for rate, and we are trying to make the most of it.
Rob Berkley: The short answer is, Josh, that we are trying to ensure that the additional cost of that capacity that we rent is being passed on to the client and I think we're doing that reasonably well. Not a perfect indicator, but you can see that in the difference between the gross and the net and part.
Rob Berkley: Yes. The long story short, did we have modest exposure to the things that you're talking about or that you flagged, yes. And then there was also some SCS exposure in there, too.
Rob Berkley: The short answer is on the part of the portfolio. But generally speaking, we are looking to build in a risk margin beyond what the actuarial answer would be.
Rob Berkley: So a couple of things that's worth noting. Yeah, part of it has to do with the a bit of run-off as you alluded to, but the bigger story from my perspective is, the rate that we are achieving. And we are pushing very hard on the rate and we're getting it. And ultimately, we have a view as to how much we need for rate and to the extent that we're getting it, then we don't have a problem writing the business. But we are not going to write it if we don't think we can get the rate that is required plus to achieve our targeted return.
Rob Berkley: We certainly are seeing early signs of it, and we've been seeing it for a little while, which has really been one of the catalysts for the caution. I think we've been talking about for some time, how the providers, if you will, their economic model is not sustainable. They -- many of them, particularly the large health systems are destroying huge amounts of capital and something is going to have to give. And ultimately, part of how that riddle is going to get solved is through the payers. Workers' compensation is not going to be insulated from that. The story is not just about pharma. It's about other components of medical costs. And I think you're putting the comp component aside for a moment. If you talk to large payers, the United, the Cigna, et cetera, and you talk about the type of trend that they are seeing and then you extrapolate from that, what does it mean for workers' comp, who, by the way, we probably don't actually, we definitely don't have the same negotiating leverage that someone like a United would have, I think that's pretty instructive.
Rob Berkley: The answer is that it wasn't overly noteworthy in the quarter. I'm not inclined to declare victory because then it always comes back to bite us. But I think we're making progress on that front. That having been said, as far as the loss picks go, for our conversation around the environment, we're just not in a rush to do anything but be thoughtful and measured. The fact is the business is generating by any measure, great returns and we don't see that changing. So there's no reason to push better for us just to make sure that it is thoughtful and well controlled. And if we're going to err, we're comfortable erring on the side of caution.
Rob Berkley: I think it potentially does. But with a lot of those lines, you got to remember, we carry a cat load. So we are not going to release the cat load prematurely. So that could spill over that benefit may not be realized, if you will, we may carry that through into a future period. But yes, to your point, would it have a lower loss ratio oftentimes, yes.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So I think we need to dissect that a little bit. And apologies in advance if this proves to be more of an answer than you're looking for. But as far as commercial auto goes, I would draw the analogy perhaps to your point that it's sort of the industry's version of whack-a-mole. As far as our book goes, we write it both stand-alone and we also write it as part of a package. Is it relevant to how you write a package? Yes, it is. But that doesn't mean you should write it in an undisciplined manner. I think as far as the Monoline goes, we play when we think we're making a buck and quite frankly, a lot of our Monoline guys, we think, over the past few years have done very well. So we'll see over time, but I think we just have some reservation and concerns about where the marketplace is going. That having been said, it has caused us indigestion from time-to-time. I think we've as of late, have more consistently done better where we're running at Monoline because we are very focused on it. I think there are some examples where we've written as part of a package where we probably haven't been as focused and didn't have is strong and expertise being brought to bear, and that is something that we are working at changing. But yes, are there moments in time where I look at it and I say, how does this make sense? That having been said, there are many parts of this organization where they are doing it consistently well.
Rob Berkley: I guess my answer would be not yet. We'll have to see what comes about. Particularly as far as cyber goes, it's going to be interesting to see what type of pressure the reinsurance marketplace brings to bear on the underlying or the insurance marketplace. As far as D&O goes, it continues to be very, very competitive. Other parts of professional liability, I would tell you that to a varying degree, it's pretty challenging out here. So again, I think that you can still make a buck in a bunch of pockets, but you need to be careful.
Rob Berkley: The answer is as we saw what was going on with it. We pushed the picks up. We think what we're carrying makes sense and it won't be an issue but quite honestly, we wish them well, but we're not going to miss them.
Rob Berkley: They don't invite me to their pricing meetings, so I don't know. That hasn't been -- given the chatter, I think they're thinking about it. But we'll have to see whether the dialogue and the commentary materializes in action.
Rob Berkley: I think that we feel quite good about what has been accomplished by our colleagues and I understand that many of you, the only barometer you have is how much premium that we are writing. But what may not always come through as clearly is maybe we're collecting the same amount of premium but we've reduced the exposure by one-third or maybe we're collecting 30% more premium, but we've reduced the exposure considerably. So it's not just a matter of how much you write. It's a matter of how much you're going to make, obviously. And I think our colleagues both domestically as well as outside of the U.S. have done a nice job navigating the channel and continue to.
Rob Berkley: Look, I think the -- as we've suggested to people in the past, our view is that we're going to be able to keep the expense ratio more likely than not comfortably below $30. That can obviously be impacted as you're familiar, Mark and others are as well. Our oftentimes prefer an approach for growth is through de novo or starting new businesses. When you start a new business and it's in its infancy and doesn't have scale, not a lot of earned premium that has a negative impact on your expense ratio. That having been said, we think it's a much more controlled model to growing the business. So again, does it pick up a little bit, it can go up, it can go down. But probably the biggest driver around that is businesses that we start and the timing for them to get to scale. But I think we remain convinced that we should be able to keep it starting with a two.
Rob Berkley: Well, I don't think it's once they rear their heads. I think their head is fully reared at this stage, and the neck just keeps growing. So from my perspective, it is exactly what you suggested, it is loss cost trend. And while perhaps there's some evidence that financial or economic inflation is slowing, though still elevated relative to what it's been in the recent past. There is no evidence that social inflation is abating at all. And as a result of that, we're just going to keep pushing. And at a minimum, we need to keep up with that.
Rob Berkley: It's accretive. We have some terrific businesses outside of the United States. Run by some outstanding people with a shared set of values that we have in other parts of the business, very focused on a lot of the things that we talked about, particularly risk-adjusted return. And it is certainly not dilutive to the franchise overall.
Rob Berkley: It takes a little bit of time. We look at it every 90-days or so and don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I think there's two pieces to it. One is how do we think about attritional or, if you will, the risk book versus how do we think about the cat exposure. The cat piece is a little bit of a different story, as I was at least trying to suggest earlier, we have a cat load that we build in, and we're not going to release that prematurely. We'll have that roll over from quarter-to-quarter. As far as the attritional goes, we just want to give it a little bit of time to see how it plays out. But yes, it's not -- it shouldn't be measured in years and years.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Lisa, thank you very much for hosting us. Thank you to our colleagues for participating in the call. I think just going back to some of the earlier comments, the table is set, and it's pretty visible how it's set. I think the earnings power of the business is just going to be growing for the foreseeable future. more likely than not, we're going to get the double benefit of both of our core activities, both the underwriting and the investing and the momentum should continue. So thank you again, and we will look forward to speaking with you early next year. Have a good night.
