Robert Berkley: Bo, thank you very much, and good afternoon all, and a warm welcome to our fourth quarter call. On this end-of-the phone co-hosting with me is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman, as well as Rich Baio, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer We're going to follow the typical agenda as we have done in the past and I'm going to hand it over to Rich momentarily. He's going to walk us all through some highlights of both the quarter and the year. Once he is through with his comments, I'll pick it up from there, offer a few observations and thoughts of my own and then we will be looking forward to opening up for Q&A and taking the discussion anywhere participants would like it to go. One thing before I hand it over to Rich, and that is just maybe taking a moment to pause and reflect publicly on the year, and we'll be getting into the numbers and the results, but it does seem appropriate, at least from my perspective and our Chairman's perspective to extend some recognition. Thank you and congratulations to our colleagues. I have the good fortune of being the mouthpiece or the one that has the opportunity to talk about the results, along with Rich and Bill Berkley, but these results, these outcomes were achieved because we have thousands of people that are working diligently every day in a thoughtful and methodical manner. So to all my colleagues that happen to be tuning in, I hope you will accept the heartfelt thank you again and congratulations on a job very well done. With that, Rich, if you would please.
Robert Berkley: Yeah. I think that, we saw it as an opportunity, but I don't think you should assume that it's reshaping our book of business as an organization. So I think that we are opportunistic. We put more than a toe in the water, but not more than a foot. And that's just because of our view of volatility. In addition to that, we're going to see what type of opportunities there are in the first quarter and the balance of the year, particularly with some shortfalls in certain market participants covers.
Robert Berkley: Yes, and you'll get more detail than you're probably looking for in the K. What I would tell you is that our retention did go up. But relative to the scale of the organization and the earnings power in the quarter, it's not particularly material.
Robert Berkley: Yeah. So clearly, comp has its challenges. As far as the comment you made about liability, if you don't mind, Elyse, I'd like to get a little bit more nuanced. I think it was really just predominantly a piece of the D&O or the D&O market, the piece of the professional liability that being D&O that is becoming notably competitive. And then we're seeing more competition in the large account excess space. The rest of the GL and umbrella market we think is reasonably attractive even in the environment with [indiscernible] social inflation, we think that it makes sense to us. As far as your question about growth, we'll have to see how it unfolds. I would tell you that based on the limited data I have on January so far, early returns are encouraging. But my ability to speak at a detailed level beyond that, I just wouldn't want to mislead you. But we see a lot of opportunity, and we're watching the opportunity shift from over time from one product line to another. So I think we have good balance to the shift, but we also are very nimble amongst the different parts of the business.
Robert Berkley: I think that I probably need to choose my words more carefully. I think from our perspective, by and large, in the aggregate, we are exceeding loss trend at this stage. So if I left you with a different impression, that would have been my mistake.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, I think if anyone was paying attention, you didn't need to be brilliant to figure out that property rates were going to be going up for reinsurance and going up considerably. So I don't think anyone knew exactly down to the dollar or the percent what it was going to be, but you knew it was heading north. And it was just surprising to me that we didn't see more firming during the fourth quarter, given everybody knew where the cost of capacity was. And I guess I could have followed that if people -- if these covers worked in a risks attaching manner. But since they operate in the losses occurring manner, you know that the capacity that you're borrowing from reinsurers, that cost is going up and it's going to be covering the business that you're writing in the fourth quarter.
Robert Berkley: So to me, the reason -- honestly, we thought there was going to be more firming in the fourth quarter. I think it's coming and certainly in the first half of this year. But it's almost like people need to wait for them to be hit over the head with the reinsurance costs really hitting their P&L as opposed to really taking a step back and thinking about how you match up the exposure with the expense.
Robert Berkley: I think that we are paying attention to medical care providers and the challenges that they are facing. By and large, most hospitals and health systems find themselves in a very difficult place if you look at, quite frankly, their financials, their economic models. It's not sustainable. So ultimately, they're going to have to figure out a way to improve their position. And they're certainly not going to get a better result or a better outcome from the public sector or the government. So that leaves the private sector that they're going to be looking to get their pound of flesh from to improve their position. In addition to that, while there's been a lot of discussion and a lot of noise, I don't see anything in the immediate term that is going -- again for the private sector going to change the realities of pharma inflation. So when we look out at where things are going, we think that there is a challenge ahead, and that is going to play a meaningful role in driving workers' comp claim costs. In addition to that, we think, as I suggested, rating bureaus they seem to not be backing out the COVID frequency effect.
Robert Berkley: I think there are a lot of challenges with commercial auto. I think certainly, one of them is people paying attention to frequency trend. But I think severity trend is for society, for the industry, is really the bigger issue. And when you look at the -- how emboldened the plaintiff bar is at this stage, I think the commercial transportation industry has a bit of a bull's eye on its chest, and we -- who ensure them need to take that into account. And when you drive up and down I-95 at this stage, you see more billboards for plaintiff attorneys than you do for fast food. So that's probably not a great sign.
Robert Berkley: Yeah. Obviously, it's a lagging indicator, but we continue to see auto premiums coming in at quite a healthy level, and we remain encouraged by that and what that means for our business and what that means at a more macro level to your point, for the health and well-being of the country. That having been said, we, I'm sure, just like you are paying attention to what type of Ts (ph) the interest rate hikes have for the economy and by extension, our clients.
Robert Berkley: Sure. I mean from our perspective, we think the -- we're using a very broad brush here. And I think we need to be mindful of that. And we operate the business with a very, very fine brush. So there's a bit of a difference. I think at a macro level, we need to be conscious of the fact that there have been rate decrease after rate decrease after rate decrease and a lot of that decision-making is based on information that people collect through the rearview mirror. And to make a long story short, we just think that you can't wait to see the problems in the results. You need to anticipate that. And I think we're very focused on that. So I think a lot of state rating bureaus, NCCI I think that they just need to be, we need to be as an industry careful that we are conscious of what is going on out the front windshield, not solely consumed by what's in the rearview mirror.
Robert Berkley: I think the answer is that we do see a lot of opportunity before us. And we are conscious of the capital needs in order to support that. I would suggest to you, I would not read too deeply in based on what I can see so far, granted it's just very early in Q1, and I don't have a lot of data but I would encourage you not to read too deeply into the fourth quarter as far as being an indicator for opportunity going forward. . And again, we have a view as to a variety of things, both how we see opportunity going forward. We also have a view as to what the capital that's required to support that. And finally, we have a view as to what we think the value of the business is. And we put that all together and we try and make decisions from there.
Robert Berkley: I would have hoped that we could have done a little bit better. But as I alluded to earlier, the fires created some non-cat noise, which we are trying to make sure that we understand and that, that is not a permanent part of our loss activity. So as I said just earlier, that was probably worth more than 1 point, not more than 1.5 points.
Robert Berkley: So it was a frequency -- it was a frequency of severity on a gross basis. And honestly, we -- it wasn't concentrated in any one of our operations. And I'm not a big believer and good luck and bad luck, which is why we are digging.
Robert Berkley: Well, Josh, to be perfectly frank, you remember what I say, better than I remember what I say. Nevertheless, I'm sure you're correct. And obviously, we all look out and we try and anticipate and we try and figure out what does that mean? I think in hindsight, you always say to yourself, well, I could have done this. We could have done that. Maybe we want to squeeze a little bit more juice out of the orange and hopefully, that's a learning opportunity to find new mistakes to make in the future as opposed to repeating old ones and no one's effort to optimize. To make a long story short, I think in many pockets of the organization, we did really well and trying to make the most of it. I think there are some pockets of the organization where we did really well quite frankly, being disciplined and letting business go. As I suggested earlier in the call, we have different cycles going on -- same cycles but different products at different points in the cycle. I think one of the pieces that we anticipated but not fully, call it, whatever, 15 months, 18 months ago, I think that we did not fully appreciate what was going to be happening with loss trend, particularly inflation. We were talking about social inflation, and I think we had our finger on that pulse. I think economic inflation, we saw it coming, but it proved to be even more than we had expected. So I think those would be two things that when I made that prediction, those were realities we had to factor in even more along the way than I had when I had suggested it. But I think there are parts of our business, particularly our E&S businesses and others and many of our specialty businesses that I think have done a great job getting a lot of traction. On the other hand, I strongly applaud, for example, our colleagues that are focused on workers' compensation and the discipline that they have exercised. Yes, when you look at one of the pages in our release, you see the comp line growing, but that's really driven by payroll. If you look at the number of accounts, that product line has really shrunk for us because of my colleague's discipline. So directionally, it played out the way for a lot of product lines, I would have anticipated degree wise, there are places where I thought the ports (ph) was going to be hotter and there are places where I thought it was going to be colder.
Robert Berkley: I think that the point that I was trying to make is, when we think about our loss picks, we need to be very thoughtful and measured because when you make a loss pick, the assumption, there's a lot of sensitivity. So if you are overly optimistic, even if you're modestly optimistic that is very leveraged and that could be a problem. And that's why we, again, do not want to declare victory prematurely as we see things season out, we will start to recognize our accuracy or potentially some caution.
Robert Berkley: Josh, what you're pointing to, I think, is one of the hardest things to do in this business and it's striking the balance, if you will, between optimization of rate versus exposure growth. And it's something that we look to do, not just at a macro level, at a very granular level and optimizing that. So I'm sure in hindsight, there will be parts of the business that we will look back on and say, I wish we had leaned into it a little bit more. But in the meantime, I think we're just trying to make the best judgment we can every day.
Robert Berkley: Yeah. So we're very focused on risk-adjusted return. And we think volatility, as you point out, is an important part of thinking about risk. Do I think that we are going to dramatically shift the risk profile of the organization to become a heavy cat exposed writer? No. But do I think that there is opportunities within the property market where rates are going to get to a point that they haven't been in some number of years, and the risk return balance makes more sense than it has? Yes, I do. And to that end, are we going to be prepared to participate in a more meaningful way than we would if it was a less attractive market? Yes, sir, we will. But do I think you should think about we're going to dramatically shift our risk profile and how we think about volatility. No, sir. I don't think you should.
Robert Berkley: Yeah. I think ultimately, on a net basis, it's going to prove to be something very similar for the business and by extension for our shareholders. As I said, the retention moved up incrementally relative to the scale of the business and the earnings power of the business on a quarterly basis, forget about on an annual basis. So again, I think that you should not expect that in the event of a cat, we have a dramatically different risk profile. And that, again, is that's by design.
Robert Berkley: Fortunately for us, we have a lot of long-term relationships on the amongst reinsurance partners. And I think that they are conscious of the fact that we are an organization that is a collection of people of expertise and discipline. And I think people understand that we are gross line underwriters.
Robert Berkley: Yes. So to the point that you're raising, we kind of -- we do plan the transactional space. I perhaps mistakenly lump that in there with D&O. They oftentimes go hand-in-hand. And yes, I think that part of what we're seeing in the D&O market is a competitive environment, but even more so, it's just a reduction in demand. During the heyday of D&O a couple of years ago or over the past couple of years. That was really in part not just driven by losses and discipline on the underwriting side, it was the IPOs and the specs were enormous. That level of activity And on the transactional side, I think as we all have an appreciation, the level of M&A activity has slowed dramatically as well. So yes, there's a bit more competition there, but even more so, it's the reduction in demand than the addition of supply.
Robert Berkley: We still see a pretty healthy flow of business coming into the E&S market, both on the casualty side on parts of the professional market and it's building momentum on the property side as well. I think I may have made the comment in the past, and it's still very accurate today. The standard markets, particularly the national carriers, if it is in their appetite, it is jaw-dropping how aggressive they are. If it's outside of their appetite, then it's a great opportunity for the rest of us that are happy to run around to pick up the crumbs that fall off their table and price them as we see fit. But the standard market, their appetite, ebbs and flows and moves in different directions, we continue to see a reasonable flow of business but if it's still within their strike zone, look out, to step out of the way. I would tell you, one area that we have seen, perhaps, moving back towards the standard market, which isn't a huge deal for us, but it's worth noting, is product -- large account products liability. Why? I have no idea, but the standard market, particularly national carriers, seems to have a thirst for it. And I think we all know how that's going to end.
Robert Berkley: I don't think it was 30%. I think what Rich and I perhaps failed to articulate was it's going to be comfortably below 30%. I don't know if we're going to be able to keep it below 28%, we'll have to see what happens with our earned premium, we'll have to see a variety of things, and we're making investments. But I think that our expense ratio will remain competitive and remains a focus, and we'll be comfortably under the 30% as Rich said.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think the short answer is, yes, but -- so if you are an insurer, you're sitting there saying, "Well, I'm concerned and my agent or broker is perhaps advising me to buy more capacity because of the environment. But at the same time, the cost of capacity may be going up. So it's a matter of what can I afford? One of the things sometimes we're seeing people do think about an SIR or a large deductible as a way to try and figure out a way to move dollars around as to what they're buying. But I think that there is a broad awareness in society. I think distribution is advising. But I think, ultimately, it's really a matter of what people can afford. And I think it's an important point because what you're touching on is something that society doesn't always really appreciate. And that is social inflation. And what that means for claims activity, it's not paid by the necessarily the insurance company long term. The insurance company this turns around and raises the rates. Ultimately, the bill is paid by society.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I'll talk like -- I'll talk to somebody who makes these decisions. We probably have like a dozen lawyers that are deciding what we can and can't say. So the answer is, well, I appreciate the gesture of the [indiscernible], and it will be in the queue and to the extent that anyone dying to know what it is, assuming that there's no lawyer that pulls their hair out, Rich will have it available.
Robert Berkley: Yeah, I'll talk to like I'll talk to somebody who makes these decisions. We probably have like a dozen lawyers that are deciding what we can and can't say. So the answer is, we'll I appreciate the gesture of the pinky sweater and it will be in the queue and to the extent that anyone dying to know what it is, assuming that there's no lawyer that pulls their hair out, Richard will have it available.
Robert Berkley: Mike, I just -- I don't see us getting back anytime soon to -- if I'm understanding it correctly, call it, cash flow underwriting or something that's a stepping stone to that. I think the reality is that not everyone's investment income is taking off exactly the way ours is because a lot of people, quite frankly, had a much longer duration. So from my perspective, do I think over time, if rates stay up at the levels they are or higher, do I think that can eventually have an impact? Yes, I guess it could. But I don't think that's what we're seeing today, if you want to talk about, for example, workers' compensation. I mean if you really want to get granular about workers' compensation, the fact of the matter is the people that are doing the irresponsible things are the same people that did the irresponsible things the last time we were in a trough. Sometimes they're in the same place, sometimes they're in a new place. But it's the same people that I don't know if they don't understand or they don't care, but they're creating mayhem in the market. We've kind of seen some version of the movie before, and we'll just wait it out.
Robert Berkley: We buy many contracts, and they renew throughout the year. I think it's how you should look at that. I think for our reinsurance and retros, did we pay a bit more? Yes, we did. Do we have every intention of passing that increased cost along? Yes, we absolutely do. And as far as our insurance and our cat costs, it's the same story. There are some cases, clearly, where we're paying a bit more, and we have a choice, whether the company allows that to erode our margins or whether we pass that on. And it is our intention to pass that along in the cost of our product that we sell.
Robert Berkley: Look, Mike, we don't have it down to a granular level that -- or basis points, but directionally, it has unfolded as we had anticipated. And we'll have to see what that means over time. But again, directionally, it is unfolding as we had anticipated.
Robert Berkley: Okay, Bo. Thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation this evening, and we will look forward to catching up with people in give or take, 90 days. Have a good evening all. Thank you.
