Eugene G. Ballard: Okay, thank you. Before I go through the numbers, let me just take another minute to describe the change that Bill referred to and the way we define our business segments. First, the new domestic insurance segment is really just an aggregation of former specialty regional and alternative market segment. And over the time, the distinction between these segments has become a little less relevant from a financial reporting perspective. As Bill said, that's because many of our profit centers, especially the newer ones, don't just write one type of business. It falls within one category or another. Therefore, they don't specifically fit in a subsegment, and we felt it was better to combine them. The other 2 segments, international insurance and global reinsurance are the same as we've previously reported, except that we moved 2 companies, Berkley Re Australia and Berkley Re UK, from the international segment to the reinsurance segment. You'll find -- you can find an exhibit on our website that presents our historical financial results under the new segment alignment. By the way, we also recently completed a significant change in our statutory financial structure. Effective January 1, 2013, all of our U.S. insurance business is being reinsured to our lead company, Berkley Insurance Company, under a 100% intercompany pooling agreement. This will significantly reduce our administrative and regulatory costs. And we also think having all the business in one annual report will provide more useful statutory financial information. Now with regard to the financial results, it was another strong quarter, underwriting quarter with an overall increase in underwriting income of 70% from a year ago. The improvement was driven by a 12% increase in earned premium and by lower loss and expense ratios for each of our 3 business segments. As Rob said, gross premiums were up 16% to $1.6 billion. Ceded premiums were up more than that. It's 30% due to 2 things: higher reinsurance limits, as well as strong growth in some of our newer companies. We tend to buy more reinsurance for companies in their early years, while they are developing a sufficient spread of risk. You should also note that approximately 1/3 of our ceded premium is business ceded to state-assigned risk plans and related self-insured entities that we administer. Net premiums were up 14% to $1.4 billion, with increases of 12% for the domestic insurance segment and 22% each for international and reinsurance. For the domestic insurance, the growth was led by our E&S companies and our monoline workers' comp business. The international growth was mostly from our businesses in the U.K. and Europe and the increase in reinsurance was driven by growth in Asia Pacific region and the U.K. Changes in foreign exchange rates had minimal impact on the international growth rate. In terms of our combined ratio. Just to add a few comments to what Rob had to say, the combined ratio declined by 1.8 percentage points to 94.7%. Underlying loss ratio before cats and reserves declined by 2.62%. Prior year reserves developed favorably by $24 million, almost unchanged from $25 million a year ago. All 3 business segments reported favorable reserve development this quarter, with the majority of that coming from the reinsurance segment. Cat losses were light again, at 0.4 loss ratio points, unchanged from a year ago. And the expense ratio improved by 4/10 of a point to 34.3%. Because we're growing so significantly, we've talked about this before, we also look at our direct written expense ratio, that's before ceded premiums and DAC, because we think it's a more current measurement of our expense trend. And on that basis, the expense ratio declined a full point to 30.6%. Investment income from our core portfolio was down $2 million to $121 million, with annualized yield of 3.6%. Income from investment funds was $11 million, with an annualized return of 5.7%. Although the investment fund income was in line with our expectations, it's well below the 18% returned -- return that was earned in the first quarter of 2012. The difference is mainly due to energy funds that had a especially strong earnings in the first half of 2012. Realized gains from investment sales were $20 million during the quarter and pretax unrealized gains were $804 million at March 31. At the end of the quarter, 81% of our portfolio was invested in cash and fixed income securities, with a duration of 3.3 years and an average credit rating of AA-. Unrealized gains were up slightly in the quarter, but a 6% decline in the British pound exchange rate resulted in an unrealized currency translation loss of $46 million. About 1/3 of that decline has reversed so far in the month of April. So that gives us net income of $117 million and annualized return on equity of 10.8% and book value per share of $32.19. And if you adjust for the special dividend we paid in December, our book value per share is up over 11% for the last 12 months.
Eugene G. Ballard: I'll try. So really what happens is for every 1% change in net trend, and by net trend I mean price increases less loss-cost trend, equals a 1% change in our loss ratio. But a 1% change in our loss ratio is 6/10 of 1 point, not a full point. So we would expect for every point change in that net trend, 6/10 of 1 point change in our loss ratio. So 3 -- we're estimating round a 3-point improvement in net trend, 3.5 maybe. That equates to about 2 points in the loss ratio.
Eugene G. Ballard: Not really, but we've talked about this before, the more growth we get, the more of a drag this DAC has on our numbers. And also I mentioned in my comments, the reinsurance, so we're playing a little bit more reinsurance. We have a lower net premium base, and so that also impacts the ratio.
William R. Berkley: Thanks, Gene. So we are pretty pleased with how we're going and where things are going. There were some things that were unusual, as the volatility. We're well hedged on the euro. We are investing in sterling still. That decline in sterling at the end of the quarter did cost us in book value. Although as Gene said, between 1/3 and 1/2 of that is back already, and we think that sterling is a better alternative for us than the euro at the moment. We do have a number of investment alternatives that we think will protect us over the long run from inflation. But in the short run, we're less concerned with inflation because we think the dollar is still the place to go and we think that foreign flows into the U.S. will really keep inflation under control, certainly, in the next 12 to 18 months. So we're feeling a little less pressure for inflation being around the corner, which is causing us not to be in such a rush to shorten the duration of our portfolio. As far as our own opportunities, we're seeing growth in almost all of our operating units. And there's a lot of volatility as people leave segments of the business that they entered without properly positioning themselves, and we're finding good opportunities with people and relationships where we're able to step in and gain market position. It's clearly becoming a marketplace of the haves and have nots. And for the haves, it's going to be an excellent next few years. So with that, Kevin, we're happy to take questions.
William R. Berkley: I think, Amit, the one external factor that's here today that wasn't here in the last cycle is we have an economy that's not as robust. And that's going to keep a little more pressure on the marketplace. So I think that it's not as much as an insurance question as an economic question. There is plenty of pressure for improving rate as needs for returns. On the other hand, you do have that economy that is improving, getting better but not at a robust rate.
William R. Berkley: I think that we would generally -- based on what our actuaries see, with medical costs and everything else, we would say it's generally steady. I think because of less pressure on inflation overall, we would have expected a little more pressure, and there's definitely less pressure. But I think that to be more optimistic at this moment would probably be foolhardy. So I think that we would still sort of stick at that 3% level. And be happy if it came out to be 2%, that will be great. But I think we're going to still stick at the 3% level.
William R. Berkley: Third-party capital or, if you will, capital provided by various pieces of the capital markets, ranging from private equity funds and hedge funds to banks have been available for a while. I think it's an interesting avenue. We've used it on occasion to provide us with reinsurance. However, our own view at this point is we're not really interested in the uncertainty or the volatility that those kinds of returns offer us. We have looked and considered providing services to some of those people, and for the moment, don't think it's where we want to go. We believe that when we do that for someone, we're still putting our name on that risk variant fees business, and it's just not -- it's not something that we're going to do tomorrow. If we think that we can do it in a way that provides a return for them and fees for us and they're willing to accept the volatility, we might well go there as these markets develop more, but we're not ready to do it tomorrow.
William R. Berkley: The pricing on our new business is in general 2% higher than on our renewal book [ph]. So in fact, the answer is yes. In fact it's a little bit better. But you think it needed to be a little better because you don't have the same experience, you don't have the same knowledge, so the certainty of your underwriting skills is not as good.
William R. Berkley: I think in general, what's happening is you've got lots of people who are more concerned with the quality of their insurers and are saying, "We need to be sure that people are here." So you have people going for stability, going to people who they know knew will be there. I think you've got several larger companies that are trying to sell themselves, trying to get out of business that's bringing up business and people are saying, "We don't want this. We'll pay a little more to have stability." And like everything, there's turmoil in the marketplace in some segment or another always. So I think that's going on, people aren't reunderwriting their books of business. So it's not like there's 1 company, but there's probably 2 or 3 medium-sized companies that are currently going out of business. And so I think that what we will do is look at the list of the companies that people like Goldman Sachs are selling. And that those customers are the ones who are creating opportunities.
William R. Berkley: I think that we'll let Rob give you the answer, the specifics. But I think that our strategy, as opposed to the specifics to your question, is always an opportunistic one. It's not here's what we're going to do. It's finding the opportunity that presents itself. So you want to...
William R. Berkley: To try and be a little bit more specific as to what our general process would be, somehow or another through referral or someone we know, we would find a group of people who we think are talented. We've examined their expertise, the market they do business in, country, specialty, whatever. We'll evaluate what we think is the risk adjusted return, the volatility, the exposures, the size, if it's fit within the group, what does it take to do it, and then try and move forward. It would be possible but not usual that we would say we want to be in this business. It has happened, some of our units got started because we said we want to be in this business.
William R. Berkley: It's all based on our risk-adjusted return. But understand, the risk is related to wherever it is, whatever lines of business it is. So obviously, the risk of doing business in some places is much different than the risk of doing business in others, either because of the line of business, the nature of the country, its legal system, whatever.
William R. Berkley: Understand, the excess comp market is the epitome of risk in this environment. And that is because it's such a long tail line, inflation is inevitable to impact their cost of claims because you have -- the average duration of about 17 or 18 years and you know you'll have inflation long before we get to that point in time of a substantial degree. And you have the discount based on current interest rates, if you're cautious. And if you're not cautious, you choose an optimistic interest rate. And that optimistic interest rate could cause you to have a huge difference in your pricing. So the combination of optimism as to low inflation forever and higher interest rates than we currently have can create differentials in price of 50%, and you can justify it. And just you have to worry about retiring before you have to pay the piper.
William R. Berkley: The arbitrage account goes up and down almost daily, okay? It was -- that was what it was the end of the quarter. But if you go up or down pretty dramatically based on opportunities that are available at that point in time, it's just the user of cash. And it's -- from our point of view, we can convert 90% of that to cash within a day or 2. So for us, we actually got into the arbitrage business 25 years ago because it was just a short-term way to use cash and a lot better return than cash. So historically, it's given us a return of probably 300 or 400 basis points net of all expenses and so forth above cash returns, and we would expect to continue to do that. In fact, it's probably, in the long run, probably it could be more like 500 basis points better than cash. But at the moment, it just -- it went up because there were opportunities to do things at the end of the quarter. That's all. And I think that could come -- it wouldn't be surprising for that to be down by a few hundred million dollars at the end of the second quarter.
William R. Berkley: Well, it's not just the medical inflation trends because lots of it is just rehab cost, what's going on with drugs, what's going on with -- I mean, it's a very complex business and it's the discount rate you're going to use on claims payments. You want to be optimistic or pessimistic on the discount rate. And the discount rate can double the amount of reserve or cut it in half. So there's a lot of variables that have to do with judgment.
William R. Berkley: Well, we always use the current discount rate of current treasury market. And each year is -- a piece of the market. So reserves that were set up in 2006 will have, let's just make up the number, 5%, then the reserves we set up in 2012 might have 2%. So it's average of the historical discount rate and we buy long-term bonds to try and match that for that piece of our portfolio.
William R. Berkley: Yes, and then what you really have is a composite rate of all those years that gives you hopefully the average.
William R. Berkley: There's really nothing that I see, but we're in a strange world. And you never know what can come out there. I think that we have more sophisticated managers for what I'd call the haves in the insurance business. And they understand that they can't continue running a business pretending there's underwriting results and there's investment income, and they're separate. The reality is with investment income down so dramatically and older portfolios coming off, you need more underwriting profitability. So if anything, there's more and more pressure to gain underwriting profits because we've had a longer and longer time where those old bond yields are going off. And we have a longer duration on average than most of our competitors. There are lots of people who had 2.5 years and their duration is down to 1.8 years, and that's a lot of pressure. You've got to make it up. And some people are making it up because they're going more to do more speculative things, some people are extending the duration on what they're buying now. There's a lot of strategies people are following. But the reality is with investment returns down a lot, you've got to get underwriting profit. So there's nothing I see that's going to change that trend for certainly through next year. I think there will be continued price increase pressure through this year and through at least next year, with increasing pressure, honestly, as we get towards the end of this year and into next year.
William R. Berkley: No, no, monoline workers' -- our monoline workers' comp. We have monoline workers' comp company that's been able to grow. It's -- well, actually, we have several that has been able to take advantage of the market. Not our excess comp. That business, unfortunately, has still not grown at all. He has a lisp.
William R. Berkley: I think that the change in the DAC accounting probably cost us 0.5 point or something close to it on expense ratio. And the buying of more reassurance, as we have a disproportionate number of new startups where we don't have a real spread of risk, probably cost us something like a similar amount. So I think as we go through this year and into next, I would expect -- unless our growth accelerates, which of course is possible. But if it doesn't accelerate, I would think that, that spread should start to diminish.
William R. Berkley: So I'm going to answer before the lawyer could wave to me. And the answer is yes, you should read into that. You should read into it the fact that we think we're continuing to be cautious because we're using a higher trend than some of our competitors and we're being cautious in establishing our reserves. But as you and I have talked over many years, Jay, paid loss ratios are the one thing you can never hide behind. You can't avoid that. And I think it's a very good sign as to directionally where things are going. And while one quarter doesn't make the difference, I think it's a number that people should probably pay more attention to.
William R. Berkley: One of the things that we have always tried to do is try to have a certain level of consistency and not have the volatility that property tax exposure has meant. It seems today that lots of people in the marketplace, when the wind blows say, "If it weren't for the cats." And they don't count it. And when the cats don't blow, they say "what great returns." We just -- I think if you looked at those differences over an extended period of time, it would probably equalize the differences. And rest assured, we ask that question every day and every quarter.
William R. Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much. We're quite pleased, as I said, with the quarter and we're expecting a continuation of that. No one asked the question, but I didn't want it to be a special comment to any analysts that we do expect our funds to be back on track with -- between $17.5 million and $22.5 million for the second quarter. And we do have most of those back in. So that's not a guess. That's an estimate based on most of the reporting in. So thank you, all, very much. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
William Robert Berkley: Amit, this is Rob. I think that it would just be speculation. Certainly, there are lots of data points that would suggest that pricing leverage in favor of the carriers could potentially build from here. At the same time, I'm not sure if it's such a perfect science that we can call it with any -- within any 90- or 180-day period. So are the fundamentals there? Does the pressure continue to build that would drive further change in behavior and looking to achieve as far as rate? Absolutely, that is the case. But our ability to answer your question with a level of precision that you're looking for, I think is a stretch. Having said that, it certainly is a distinct possibility.
William Robert Berkley: Yes. I think that obviously, we can't specifically pinpoint what is driving others' behavior, but we are noticing a great difference as to the tone and the attitude when it comes to pricing of primary versus excess in a couple of parts of the overall marketplace. Our hypothesis or theory is that the excess tends to take a little more time for the results to come through and for people to recognize the issues that they may be facing, as opposed to a primary where the consequent has come through in a more timely manner, which is why you're seeing people respond to the primary more quickly.
William Robert Berkley: I guess it's a possibility. But based on what we see, it has less to do with expense ratio and more to do with perhaps a lack of underwriting discipline and how long it takes for, when you're in the excess layers for that to become apparent, the excess comp probably being a great example of that.
William Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean, our general approach when we're looking for opportunities is on a macro level the same domestically, as well as outside the United States. We're looking for market opportunities which we think is a sustainable opportunity. We want to differentiate based on intellectual capital and expertise as opposed to purely just capacity because that makes you write for becoming even more of a commodity. As far as your comment about the U.S. versus the non-U.S., I think to paint with such a broad brush to say that price increases in the U.S. are better than outside of the U.S., I think that is a bit of a broadbrush. Certainly, there are markets outside of the U.S. that remain more competitive than our domestic market here, perhaps Europe being an example of that or parts of Asia. But ultimately, when we look at opportunities, whether they'd be in the U.S. or outside of the U.S., we're looking at it from a risk-adjusted return perspective. Obviously, when you're doing business outside of the U.S. in some jurisdictions, you need to take into account the environment or the country risks, which we factor into the analysis. We don't have the luxury of investing in operations that hopefully a decade from now will start to generate a return. That's not our approach or philosophy. At the same time, we're prepared to, both domestically and outside of the U.S., invest in opportunities that we think, over the foreseeable future, will help build value for the organization and the shareholders.
William Robert Berkley: I'm not going to speak specifically about the one competitor, but we'll speak about the market in general or competitors as a group. Certainly, we are observing a somewhat change in appetite and attitude. Quite frankly, I don't think we're seeing the same level of competition that we saw 12 months ago. It's not to suggest at all that -- that rates are dramatically going up and that there's been a sea change in behavior. But certainly, the blind leading the blind doesn't seem to be the case any longer.
William Robert Berkley: No I think that they are the blind ones, but I can assure you we are not following them. Having -- so long story short, as far as excess comp goes, it's not the free-fall that it was in maybe last year and prior. At the same time, certainly, we are not seeing the excess comp market react the way we have seen the primary comp market over the past quarter or 2.
William Robert Berkley: As far as -- I'd like to make sure I understand the question, as to whether we see rates continuing to progress at this level, is that what you're...
William Robert Berkley: The top line growth. Certainly, it really depends in part as to how we see the market harden from here. We would expect that the -- many of our businesses have quite a bit of runway in front of them and the opportunity to grow, as we've suggested to you and others in the past, we feel like we have the fundamental platform in place for our business to be able to grow dramatically beyond what it is. It's hard to know with certainty what market conditions will be tomorrow, which will play a big role in defining how big we can get and how quickly we can get there. There's nothing that is in front of us right now that leads us to believe that we are not going to be able to continue to grow at a healthy pace since -- once again, as we mentioned earlier, there are signs that the market may continue to tighten even from here, which will give us more opportunity to grow the business.
William Robert Berkley: It's really a combination. And as we had suggested, much of the growth was in our reinsurance segment in our non-U.S. business percentage-wise at least. And as far as the reinsurance goes, the lion's share of that was coming from non-U.S. reinsurance activities. And as far as the international insurance business, that's really coming from, at this stage, all over, ranging from South America to our Lloyd's operation to some of our activities that are in our European business, as well as our insurance activities in Australia.
William Robert Berkley: The answer is that the change in appetite is perhaps a little bit more or behavior is a little bit visible domestically, but we certainly are seeing that in some places outside of the United States as well. I think also some of the growth that we have is where we participate in markets or economies where they have been just going through a great boom. And as a result of that, we've been benefiting as well. So whether that be a place like Brazil or Australia, as far as our European business goes, certainly Germany has fared reasonably well and Norway has done quite well also. So I would suggest to you the -- while it does apply across the board, the market dislocation, if you will, is more the case domestically. And outside of the United States, while there is a bit of market dislocation, the growth has more been as a result of the economies that we operate in and benefiting from the momentum they're enjoying.
William Robert Berkley: Well, I think -- well, not using names, we're happy to comment on what other people are doing and explain to you how that's different from our philosophy. There seems to be others that are interested in what we would define as buying market share or buying accounts with the approach or philosophy that when it becomes a renewal, they will make up for that, raise the rates and they look at it somewhat prospective of the total value of account. We struggle with that a little bit because to the extent you can finally get your rates where they need to be and it's a hard market historically, when it is a hard market, you do not have to have bought business, you can write as much business as you want at good prices. So the idea buying it upfront doesn't really resonate with us. We have a philosophy that you should charge more for risk and that applies to the organization on multiple levels. Presumably, you know more about an account that you are renewing than business that is new to you. As a result, there is more risk with a new account than a renewal account. So you would think that you should have some type of surcharge for that additional risk. So again, I guess, on 2 fronts, it really just -- the difference is philosophy as it relates to buying market share with the attitude that you'll make up for it in the future with your rate increases and also how you fundamentally view the risk that comes along with new business versus renewal business.
William Robert Berkley: It's certainly north of 3 years and probably north of 5 years. It really depends on attachment point and how the deal is structured, if you will. But it -- certainly, it takes longer to figure out your issues in the excess comp world than it does in the primary. There is no doubt about that and probably the difference would be at least 2 years.
William Robert Berkley: Greg, it's Rob. I think one of the things that's difficult to do, but I think is relevant, is the mix of business or portfolio -- the fact is many of those that have reported had benefited in a very large way from what their property results were. We, as an organization, have a bit more of a casualty vent [ph] to us. So when the wind blows and the earth shakes, we don't have the same issues that others face. Having said that, when it is a benign quarter, they certainly benefit from that. So we don't have the same level of volatility. And again, if you look at the results of those that have reported, certainly, they benefited greatly from the significant amount of property exposure that they write whether that be on the commercial line side or certainly on many cases, on the personal line side as well.
Ronald David Bobman: Last year in your -- in the excess worker's comp market, your main competitor was bought by one of the giant Japanese companies. And then at year end, that same main competitor took a massive reserve addition. I'm wondering, it's a big seasonal renewal in that line of business, January and I think the summertime. So I'm curious if at 1/1 or of late, whether you're seeing some behavioral change from that competitor.
Ronald David Bobman: I think you should say the blind leading Berkley, not leading -- they were the blind ones I thought, But according to your -- to Bill's commentary...
Ronald David Bobman: So are you -- just to follow up, so are you -- so I would think that the rational [indiscernible] would pull -- you'd pull back your writings dramatically in the line like that, sure of getting rate increases...
