Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. So just a couple of quick observations from me and as promised, we will move on to the Q&A. But clearly, the topline continues to be very healthy by any measurement. We like the balance that we see between rate versus exposure growth at one-third, two-third. I would tell you that, that's sort of what it all adds up to when we put all the pieces together. But we look at this at a very granular level. We are looking at it by line, by exposure, by territory. And again, we are trying to make sure that we have the right balance there. Long story short, really, essentially across the board, we have the – it's all about specialty business these days. And we have the right people, with the right expertise whether it's on the commercial line side, admitted or non-admitted, whether it's domestic or international or certainly would not want to leave out our colleagues on the high net worth side. We are firing on – on basically all cylinders. Also on the topline, Rich touched on this, I would just mention, we do have sensitivity to the workers' comp line. We think there still are opportunities there, but one needs to be very cautious. The growth that you see in that line, as Rich commented, is really being driven by payroll growth. Across the board, everywhere else, it's pretty much just really healthy growth as a result of the broader environment. The loss ratio, Rich covered this, I would just add my $0.02 to 60.4 or the 58.2, if you want to slip on the rose-colored glasses, that's fine. But I think one of the things that we work very hard at is making sure that we peel back a few layers and really understand what's going on in the business. So one of the things that I know we've talked about this in past calls that I wanted to flag for people. And that is the paid loss ratio. And the paid loss ratio for the year of 2021 was at 45.2%. And maybe to give you a couple of other data points, if you go back to 2017, that was a 56.9%; 2018 was 57.5%; 2019 was a 55.2%; 2020 was 51.9%. And then, of course, you can see the meaningful progress in 2021. And again, that was pretty stable quarter-to-quarter. The expenses, Rich touched on that. We still are getting some benefit, if you will, from the lack of travel as a result of COVID, though that is starting to pick up a bit. I would say really what's driving it more than anything else is the growth in the earned premium. And as the business continues to grow, we are going to see the benefits on multiple fronts, including the expense piece. So long story short, the underwriting is looking really good. And as I commented earlier, there's a lot of momentum. And as we look at January, and we are looking at submissions and where it looks like things are coming out. There is nothing that leads us to believe that the environment is not stable or perhaps improving, and we are very encouraged by that. We touched on already, and Rich offered a few comments on the investment portfolio, but I would just again flag for those that are interested, not to underestimate the leverage that exists in our economic model. We have, again, been very disciplined on many fronts, including the investment portfolio and the duration as rates move up and we take that duration out and the book yield moves up. I think one should not underestimate what that means for the earnings power of the business. And of course, that alongside with the underwriting margin and the health of that and the scale of the business overall, I think, bodes well for the foreseeable future. So I'm going to pause there. And let's pivot over to Q&A and talk about what you all would like to talk about. Josh, if you could please open it up for questions.
Robert Berkley: Look, from our perspective, we think there are a lot of variables out there. Obviously, I think, we've talked on these calls in the past and we've talked offline, if you will, about our sensitivity around social inflation and then, of course, financial inflation. So do I think we are in a comfortable spot? Yes, generally speaking, I do. But do I think those trends continue to move up and one needs to be very careful not to take their eye off the ball without a doubt. So I think that we are paying close attention to it. We're comfortable with our margins today. If you do the math, arguably, we maybe being some might say cautious, others might say measured and thoughtful to the tune of a point plus or minus. Yes. But given the level of uncertainty and the leverage around those, we think it makes sense to be measured. But yes, we are comfortable with the rate that we have been achieving, and we look at it through the lens that trend continues to move up, and we have every intention of keeping up with it or more.
Robert Berkley: Well, I think what it really is, is just the impact on higher rates and other underwriting activities that we have taken over the past years, and it's coming through. And we're seeing the benefit of again, higher earned premium or more premium per unit of exposure as well as underwriting actions that we've taken that are leading to better outcomes. And certainly – go ahead, I'm sorry.
Robert Berkley: I think we're being measured. I think we acknowledged the fact that social inflation is real. I think we acknowledge the fact that financial inflation is here. And we are in the business of selling our products oftentimes years before we actually write the check or the product is – the cost of the product is fully known. So we are being, I think, thoughtful about it is how I would characterize it.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Absolutely, we're looking at both frequency and severity. And quite frankly, we look at it at other dimensions, if you will, of the situation as well. I would tell you that there is no doubt that severity continues to pick up at a notable rate. As far as frequency goes I think that the industry needs to be very careful that they do not lose sight of what the consequences were of COVID and how that created a pinch point in the legal system. And that could lead one to believe that frequency dropped and perhaps it did, but one needs to understand that was likely a temporary phenomenon as opposed to something that's more permanent.
Robert Berkley: Well, there are a couple of pieces there. First off, I think you need to understand that as Rich pointed out, the expense ratio was impacted by special dividends. And as you may recall or be aware, a component of compensation for senior officers is restricted stock that gets deferred. And as a result of that, the dividends, as Rich said, we expense those. So the one-time special dividend. In addition to that, there is certain – there are other aspects of deferred comp like our long-term incentive plan that is driven off of the return of the company. So obviously, as the performance of the company improves, there is more expense associated with remuneration. That all having been said, from my perspective, as I suggested, I think – and we've talked about in the past, there's probably 30 basis points to 50 basis points of positive impact as a result of people not traveling as much as they do in normal times. We certainly see the earned premium will continue to grow, and we have a variety of other moving pieces. I think we should also mention that we have some new businesses as we referenced in the release, and Rich touched on that. Obviously, when they are brand new, they don't have a lot of earned premium, they have expense. So long story short, we talked about it. And Rich being the good, measured CPA that he is, came up with the 28 to 29. Do I think that there's a chance that we can do better than that? Yes, I think there is.
Robert Berkley: So it's a little bit of both. Certainly, are we always looking for talent? Without a doubt. And are we certainly constantly – and this moment, there's no exception making what I would define as meaningful investments and particularly data and technology? Yes, we absolutely are. That having been said, as we also discussed in the past, a lot of the growth in the business over the past couple of years, much of it has come from rate. So as we are charging more for a widget, and it's the same work as before, there's meaningful leverage in that. In addition to that, we have many businesses that had not fully scaled. To their credit, they maintained the level of underwriting discipline and when market conditions weren't there, they did not lean into the marketplace. But now that there are a meaningful number of pockets within the industry or the broader market, quite frankly, ex-comp, that is providing more attractive market conditions, those businesses are scaling, and we're seeing the expense ratios as the scale dropped. So we're seeing growth across the board. And it's not that we're not investing in the business, both in people and technology. We are, and we're doing that heavily. At the same time, there's a lot of leverage in the model.
Robert Berkley: Yes. And look, I think that we have, as you pointed out, been watching the comp line very closely for some period of time now. The action that state-rating bureaus have been taking for what would be measured in years, I think, has been pretty heavy handed. I think there are some people that may have lost sight of the, if you will, one-time benefit around comp claims activity that occurred during COVID perhaps. And we don't think that people are paying an appropriate level of attention to severity trend. And if that's not enough, not only are we seeing some folks being very aggressive on the pricing in addition to that to add insult to injury, we're seeing people starting to lean into it through commissions where they're raising commissions on the product line, both regional players as well as national carriers. So we're watching very carefully. We continue to like the line of business. But like in all of our activities, we like the exposures at rates that we think make sense.
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that a lot of it depends on the health and robustness of the economy and how we see payroll is expanding. So I mean, that's what's really driving it and certainly driving our growth as Rich had touched on and I echoed. So it's really all about the workforce and how employers are bringing people back based on the needs that they see to meet their customers' needs.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Look, obviously, we are a very meaningful player in the E&S space as well as the admitted specialty space and the growth that we are experiencing on the non-admitted side is again, quite robust, but our admitted specialty business is running right alongside of it at a similar clip. As far as the particular products or types of exposure on the admitted specialty side that we see the best opportunities in, with all due respect, that's just not the detail that we typically get into.
Robert Berkley: Our sense is that that's I wouldn't – I don't want to say anything that I'll live to regret, but I think that's pretty well digested at this stage. There could be a little bit, but likely not much more.
Robert Berkley: No. Generally speaking, it's a wholly owned entity that are part of our investment portfolio, and they're just – they're doing very well. And as the economy has been opening back up, they're benefiting from that. And in addition to that, they're just very well-run businesses.
Robert Berkley: Well, certainly, as the cost of things go up, we have that, particularly on some of the shorter tail lines. And on the liability front, damages, quite frankly, can be impacted by that as well as to how the legal system calculates damages.
Robert Berkley: I think the last thing, Mark, is that obviously, it impacts, again, when people are thinking about damages, just their state of mind.
Robert Berkley: Not yet. I mean, honestly, the submission flow is pretty overwhelming at this stage to tell you the truth. And again, I don't have all the data at this stage, but there is nothing that we saw in the fourth quarter that led us to believe that it's not healthy, to say the least. And even more recently, January seems particularly strong. So I can't opine on what other people are seeing, but I can tell you that we are not seeing the opportunity erode at this time in any way, shape or form. And quite frankly, it's basically across the board.
Robert Berkley: Well, as you point out, and thanks for raising it. On the reinsurance side, you would have seen the growth in that segment of our business. And as we find the rate environment attractive, we're very happy to increase our participation. On the insurance side, where we are a cedent, certainly, we are aware of the market conditions and the cost of capacity. And we are a meaningful buyer of reinsurance. But something to please keep in mind, we are, by and large, a small account writer. So we are not as compelled to buy reinsurance as many of our peers. I think, as we have shared with people in the past, approximately 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So we are not as captive to the reinsurance market as others. We're very happy to partner with some people throughout the cycle, but we have the flexibility for those that are looking to take full advantage, some might even suggest gauge to be a buyer when it makes sense. So that's how we think about it. In addition to that, we created vehicles, one internally called Lifson Re that we've talked about in the past that obviously also gives us some flexibility around how we buy reinsurance.
Robert Berkley: Look, we look at our loss picks on a regular basis because we're not the kind of organization that is so fixated on this magic date. That's the only time we move our picks. We look at the information, we look at the data regularly at a macro level, at a micro level and try and make sure that what we're doing makes good sense. So we certainly have our picks in place for the 2022 year, and it's based on lot of knowledge and expertise from colleagues. That having been said, we are constantly looking at the front windshield for a new information that might lead us to want to refine our view.
Robert Berkley: Well, thanks for the question. And quite honestly, it's a complicated one for a variety of reasons, but probably most importantly, professional liability is, as you can appreciate, a very broad space. So there are pockets within professional liability that we find exceptionally attractive. And there are pockets of the professional liability space where we are clearly as a result of our underwriting discipline, watching business move away from us. So look, when the day is all done, there are parts of the business that we find attractive, and we think that this is a great opportunity to grow. I don't know exactly what – when you talk about other people and how they're thinking about professional liability. I don't know how their book is put together. But I would tell you that we feel very comfortable with what our colleagues are doing in this space, and we have a great deal of confidence in their skills.
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that they both get factored into the analysis by our colleagues. Ultimately, our colleagues look at all the information, both historical as well as what they see out on the horizon and they try and put it all together to come up with a view as to what loss costs are going to be. And some of the things that you referenced, obviously, get factored into that. And I think we've mentioned on earlier calls, and I believe we've touched on this evening is that the severity trend is one that we have and continue to have our eye very focused on. And clearly, the frequency trend continues to be a friend for the industry, but that severity trend is not one that should be in our opinion ignored.
Robert Berkley: The numbers that Rich walked you through and the numbers that you saw in the release were how we thought about the losses for the business during the fourth quarter, if you will, of 2021.
Robert Berkley: I'm not telling you what loss pick to use. I'm pretty sure I'm not allowed to do that. What I am suggesting to you is that you should go to a – you should look at the data, and you should look at our loss ratios, and you should extrapolate based on your view around trend and rate, and that should lead you presumably to an answer.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your participation. And again, I would just like to thank and congratulate all of my colleagues for the tremendous effort that led to these results and certainly very optimistic for all the reasons that we discussed earlier on what next year looks like. But before we say good night, let me hand it over to our Chairman.
Mark Dwelle: Small item. They did have a couple, $0.02 or $0.03 a share compared to normal. So good news on that. The last question that I had – go ahead.
Mark Dwelle: Anyway, the last question that I had, setting aside for a moment, social inflation, which other people have asked about, where are you really impacted by ordinary financial inflation cost of goods, wages, et cetera? Wages obviously on workers' comp, but I would think that you're not actually terribly exposed to most forms of financial inflation.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. I would agree. I guess, my mind would put that as to being more ultimately kind of a social inflation, but I do understand where you're coming from on that. Okay, those are all my questions. Thank you.
