Robert Berkley: That I think that it's unclear as to what exactly tomorrow will bring Mike. As far as a growth or the spike that you saw in the quarter as far as the reinsurance, that really came from this a couple of unique opportunities as Gene had suggested earlier on the property front where we entered some structured deals that we think are particularly attractive. But ultimately, it's unclear as to what the opportunity will be from the reinsurance marketplace as I suggested earlier, as we will have to see what the impact is of some of these historically very large buyers having exited in the past and they are entering and so no I don't think you should necessarily send this is the new run rate. We're an opportunistic participant, if we think that we can make it reasonable return we're prepared to participate, but this was I think somewhat of a one-off unique opportunity.
Robert Berkley: Our private equity is carried to the -- there's some private equity investments where we're the vast majority owner. We own the vast majority of it we carry the equity basis of accounting therefore, the only increase we show is our portion of share of the earnings of the enterprise. Those private equity investments which is very small where we're just an investor, we mark to market. So [indiscernible] equity would be an example where we don't mark to market, we carry it at cost which is sort of give or take $25 million and whatever our program share of the earnings are is what we gain from it
Robert Berkley: Michael, we own a large amount of invest -- real estate for investment purposes. We own health equity as well as a number of other private equity investments and I tried to give because analyst like to have models I've tried to give them a number that they could plug-in. I didn't rely upon any one thing or another. What I said is if you put in 25 million a quarter or 100 million for the year, that would be sort of a reasonable number to assume and while both our lawyers and accountants weren't happy with me giving a number I felt to give some idea about it. So it isn't based on health equity, it isn't based on selling a building or whatever, it's based on in the ordinary course that's what I think will happen. It could easily be significantly more and obviously in some of it might not happen as we expect to go low for a while we've been able to do that.
Robert Berkley: Which new team -- you know we did six last year and we've done one this year so which one were you referring to and--
Robert Berkley: I think the answer is in some ways the period that we're going through now is somewhat reminiscent of 2008, 2009, 2010 for different reasons and that is there is a lot of dislocation in the market, there are a lot of people or large organizations that for one reason or another are a very inwardly focused and that creates opportunity for organizations like ours to try and continue to find opportunities and to build and enhance the value of our franchise for our shareholders both organically through expanding our existing businesses as well as starting new operations. I think ultimately we're optimistic that we will be able to find other opportunities but I think you'll probably hear about them if and when we find them and start them when we do press releases about them.
Robert Berkley: I think that certainly it will have some impact, but do I think it's going to be earth shattering? No. I don't. As gene suggested earlier, at this stage, the expense ratio that we reported in the quarter was impacted to the tune of I guess 20 basis points I think it was in the quarter. So some of the things that we're looking at, some of the things that we’ve announced you can get up and running very quickly and the earned premium will start showing up relatively quickly. There are other things that it takes time to build and it takes time for the earned premium to show up. So will there be an impact, yes. Will it be overwhelming, no, I think we're quite confident that is manageable.
Robert Berkley: I think since we don't know for sure what the opportunities will be tomorrow or what the opportunities are that quite frankly are even some of the things that we're working on that we can't talk about, it would be wrong for us to try and nail things down two basis points for you. Obviously we're conscious of our expense ratio we're conscious of being efficient, at the same time our goal is to create long term value for our shareholders and if there's an opportunity for us to invest in the short term we take a step back with the expense ratio but we think we will deliver long term value for the shareholders. We're prepared to do that in a controlled way.
Robert Berkley: So I think it's very important that one not paint with too broad of a brush. So let's use Worker's Compensation as an example. It varies very much by account size and it varies very much by region. So there are parts of the Worker's Compensation space that we find exceptionally attractive and we would like to take full advantage of those opportunities as long as they present themselves. There are parts of the auto space that have gotten meaningful rate increase and in spite of that, we do not think the rates are adequate. From our perspective, the marketplace overall as far as commercial auto offers niche opportunities where you can make a reasonable return and that is what we're focusing on. So the fact of the matter is when Gene talked about how that book has shrunk for us overall and he talked a little bit, if you look at the meaningful rate we are getting there, you put those two things together from an exposer perspective we're shrinking even more than it looks like because of the rate increases that we're getting. So that's sort of how we see it as far as getting more granular with you as to specifically where we see the micro niche opportunities and where we're trying to grow, I think that something that we will probably stop short of as far as getting into that level of detail because we're not looking to increase the crowd around the watering hole any quicker than will happen naturally.
Robert Berkley: I will make a couple of comments and then I'm going to yield to my boss here who always is well -- he's a little less filtered than me so it seems to have an entertaining component to it. But our general observation is this, that the companies are trying to maintain or perhaps grow their margins, the distribution is trying to do the same thing. At the same time if you look at the insurance marketplace, rates are plateaued in all likelihood are gradually going to decrease and that creates tension and pressure and ultimately it would seem as though everyone is so focused on how they maintain their margins and how they keep the world happy every 90 days that is getting the way of distribution and carriers, finding ways to work together to bring more value to the customer. Because ultimately as technology evolves and customer behavior evolves over time, the master that we both have to please whose needs we both need to address is ultimately the insured. So that was the censored version and now you’re going to get the uncensored version.
Robert Berkley: Look there are parts for the business that a growing as I suggested earlier and there are parts of the business that are shrinking and I think as we’ve shared with you in the past and others we're in business to make money not necessarily just to issue insurance policies for the sake of issuing insurance policies. We're in the market every day trying to provide product and provide continuity to the marketplace in our offering. Having said that ultimately if there are parts of the market that move away from our pricing then we're prepared to shrink. So yes, the answer is there are parts of our business that are shrinking right now, auto would be an example of that, again that's just the reality of operating in a cyclical business when you're focused on profitability and return.
Robert Berkley: It's really more complicated than that. But it's not selling a core part of our portfolio, it is not from selling a core part of our portfolio
Robert Berkley: I don't think we're necessarily commenting on the value that they bring, we’re not questioning the value that they bring to their clients. We're merely suggesting that ultimately when the days all done, there is a bit of tension there. And in what seems to be looking like a softening insurance market, it is likely that that tension may increase over time and as my father reminds me and reminds others, that ultimately it's a partnerships. There are moments in time when the carriers are the senior partner and there are moments in time when the distribution is the senior partner, but ultimately in the long run for us all to survive one needs to be conscious of their obligation to their partnership and their need to survive as well.
Robert Berkley: Well, at this stage Jay, we expect that the business will be operational sometime next year. Again back to the point earlier, it does require time to set up the infrastructure, amid a product so that takes time as well to get the filings etcetera and when is it that we will get to breakeven and to profitability, clearly our expectation that it will be measured in years but we think that it is a manageable period of time and again we believe deeply in the opportunity, we believe deeply in the people's ability to create the opportunity into a reality and create value for their shareholders. So my sense is that I'm not answering your question with the precision that you would like and quite frankly that's by design.
Robert Berkley: I think it's going to take some time for us to get the critical mass where we're able to be as efficient as some others. Having said that we think over a reasonable period of time we will be to get enough scale that we're able to make a reasonable return and again that will take some time. As far as the details and the minutia of how we will be structured and how we will try and be efficient yet strike the balance between that and also providing the customer service, I think you're asking me to go a little bit deeper into the strategy and the business plan and I think it would really make sense for us to do on this call.
Robert Berkley: I think clearly any time someone is starting a new business, in a mature space and will be competing primarily against mature players that have a legacy, there are pluses and minuses. The fact of the matter is, we're in the process of putting together a team of people that are very knowledgeable about the subject matter but are very bright and are open-minded as to is there a better way to do what has been done in the past. So we're confident again that this will prove to be a very worthwhile venture for the shareholders. We think the team of people that will be managing the capital on behalf of the shareholders in this space are very seasoned and thoughtful and we're thoroughly convinced that this is a great opportunity to allow for value to be created for shareholders and increasing the franchise
Robert Berkley: Hold on one second, we need to create a little bit of a distinction there. So first of all yes we have grown our Florida homeowners product and this is through our reinsurance, having said that, there are meaningful event caps and significant exclusions as far as coverage when it comes to natural catastrophes. So I think that while there is a modest amount of cat exposure that comes with it, I would encourage you to think of that less as a cat play. I know that - it shows up in the yellow books and in other filings where it could be misinterpreted so hopefully we been able to rectify the understanding.
Robert Berkley: It's certainly not something that we're particularly preoccupied with. We’re familiar with the situation but we don't think it's an overwhelming concern for us and our willingness to continue
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Bridget and thank you all for calling and joining for us the discussion today. From our perspective as I've referenced earlier this is a bit of a unique moment for our organization and perhaps others to take advantage of some of the dislocation that I think we're acutely aware of that exists in the marketplace today. It's somewhat of a unique moment and some way's for different reason. We've gotten to this place where there's massive dislocation not dissimilar to sort of 2008 and 2009 and we have been able to take advantage of that. In addition to that I think our approach to risk-adjusted return and how we think about volatility and getting paid appropriately in part was demonstrated in our cat results in the quarter and hopefully that does not go unnoticed. So as we look out for the balance of '16, while perhaps there are parts of the market that are challenging and more challenging today than they were yesterday, we still see meaningful opportunity to grow our business in a sensible way and continue to enhance value for shareholders. So again thank you very much for tuning in and we will talk to in 90 days. Bye.
Gene Ballard: The long and the short of the situation is the big picture is technology is moving to dis-intermediate the current distribution system to some extent. The fact is that that's a long term problem and at the same time as we're moving in that direction, the existing distribution system instead of working with companies to try and find ways to deliver value to the customer is more focused on how to improve their margins and at the same time insurance companies are faced with the need for more underwriting margin because their investment margins are declining. So you have a natural crisis. Everyone wants a bigger piece of a shrinking pie. And it's unfortunate that much of the distribution for at least the very largest agencies have decided to not just make a continuing non-reduction in their commission rates, but have tried to find ways to generate additional marginal commissions which come frankly directly at the expense of the final customer. They make it as though it seems to be an additional amount paid by the insurer. But if the insurer can afford to pay that additional amount, the amount really should go to the benefit of reduced cost to the insured. Somehow that seems to have escaped those large brokers. So ultimately, we have to serve the customer in an open and transparent way this intermediation accelerates.
Gene Ballard: I don't think that's what we're suggesting. We're just suggesting in the big picture, there's a challenge going forward and we all have to get on the same team to deliver value to the customer now. We're not -- we believe in the human participation and distribution, for the customer we continue to do that and we don't see any change in that method obviously just as in automobile insurance, there are various methods for getting direct and I'm sure for some small policies that will leave -- we're not rushing in that direction. We think everyone will ultimately be sensible and know we have to serve the best interest of the customer.
Gene Ballard: And so TTI was a common stock that had been underwater for more than a year and we marked it down. Those are the rules. One of the problems with TTI is you get them mark them down but not mark them up, so if they are down for 12 months you mark them down but as they go up the next day it doesn’t matter.
Gene Ballard: In our history we started 45 companies, 44 of them are still running and they are either profitable or right on the edge of profitability we have had a pretty good record of being able to assess what it takes to do this. And the person who has led most of that is Rob and I can assure you that he's not the only one who's confident. So is everybody else who's been involved.
Vinay Misquith: Then on the expense side, this quarter the underwriting expenses were about $505 million in total for the Company. Is that the run rate that we should be looking at for the future or do you think that's going to creep up if you make some new hires.
Vinay Misquith: I think that the expense ratio where it fits in the low-30s is not a bad expectation for people to have going forward. I don't think it would make sense for me to try and nail it down to the last hour dollar. Certainly we saw a meaningful opportunity to expand our business last year with the six new operations that we referenced and it takes time for those businesses to get up and running and even it takes a little bit longer for that earned premium to show up and for them to get to scale. And so Gene made the comment about the impact on the expense ratio for businesses that are two years old or less. Again in addition to that, we expect a meaningful investment that we will be making in the high net worth personal line space that does require infrastructure it does require investment and we think that it's a worthwhile investment for the shareholders that will yield meaningful returns over time. As far as other investment opportunities that will present themselves or that we're currently examining, it's hard to know for sure how that will play out but we think it is likely that it will be additional opportunities for us to expand our franchise and develop more value for shareholders. So do I think the expense ratio long story short can pick up between now and the end of the year? Yes, I think it's possible it will as we're investing in new opportunities and ultimately if we weren’t pursuing some of these new opportunities I think we would be doing the shareholders a disservice in the long run.
Vinay Misquith: And the last point was on the realized gains, so it seems that you guys, got about $25 million pretax of realized gains, is that correct and then was it offset in part by some TTI, so here's about the source of the $25 million of gains and also the $18 million of TTI.
Vinay Misquith: So for the $25 million of realized gains, that's from the sale of fixed income securities right? I mean that wasn't part of--
