Rob Berkley: Thank you, Ellie and good afternoon, all. Thank you for joining us this afternoon on our fourth quarter call. On this end of the phone, in addition to myself, you have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, Group Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past, where I'm going to kick it off with a relatively brief set of comments, couple of macro thoughts on the marketplace and a few observations on our quarter and in short order then hand it over to Rich who will get into more detail around the quarter and give you some numbers. Following Richard’s comments, we will then -- you will then have all three of us to answer any questions that you may have. So reflecting back on the quarter, clearly, cat activity grabs the headline. The frequency of severity cannot be ignored and certainly it begs some questions, one question being, will this frequency of severity continue, will this lead to a true turn in the market, if so how much, how quickly, for how long and obviously there's the other question as to what will the impact be on alternative capital. From our perspective, clearly important questions and they deserve an appropriate amount of thought and consideration, but in our view the P&C marketplace has been [ph] in even more of a broader or deeper crossroad than just what's going on in the property cat market. Questions such as, what does financial inflation mean for the marketplace, where are interest rates going, what is happening with social inflation and in particular, where is frequency trend headed. All these questions, ultimately, they will get answers with the passage of time, but clearly these answers are highly leveraged for the industry’s economic model. These are all issues that quite frankly we think our model is particularly well positioned to address, regardless of what the answers may be and this was demonstrated yet again in the fourth quarter of ’18, in spite of the heavy cat activity and the volatility in the capital markets that the organization continues to perform quite well in light of that. A couple of specific comments on the marketplace overall. Certainly, from our perspective, there is the opportunity for rate. We are what I would define as cautiously optimistic of a GL [ph] line. I think it needs some rate, given the general view around certain types of inflation and I think you will see that become more available over the coming quarters, property is getting a meaningful amount of rate and it needs it.  Auto continues to get rates, comp is probably the one line, or meaningful line from a scale perspective where rates are coming off, but as we've commented in the past, please keep in mind, inflation trend is somewhat offset because of the payrolls and how payrolls moving up are taken to account in the pricing. Professional is probably the piece that give us the greatest reason to pause, particularly in the D&O line as we have talked about in the past. But again it is our expectation that you're going to see a meaningful change in that marketplace over the passing -- or the next several quarters I should say. As it relates to our quarter, we think it was a relatively good story in light of the challenges that the broader market presented. The cat activity was significant again that the marketplace faced and while we were not completely insulated from it, we feel as though our approach to managing volatility were rewarded. We are again focused, yes, on opportunities to grow. Having said that, in many parts of our business, rate is the priority over growth and that is demonstrated by our growth rate, yes, approaching 3% overall and I should mention, it's the first time in, I don't know how long that our reinsurance segment grew, though modestly. Hopefully this is a new trend, but it's worth mentioning on the rate front, ex-comp, we achieved a rate increase of 4%. Combined ratio of the 95.9, again, Rich is going to get into the details, but the 63 loss ratio and the 32.9 on the expense front, not bad given again the cat activity and on the expense front shows continued efforts on our part to try and find efficiencies where they are available. On the investment front, again, Rich will give you a bit of detail on this, but we continue to be rewarded for the discipline, both on the asset quality as well as the duration and those are certainly contributing to the improvement in the investment results. And of course finally, the investment funds continue if you look at over the year to bode very well for our shareholders as we focus on total return. So I'm going to pause there and let Rich get a little bit more into the numbers and then again you'll have us all available for questions.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Ellie, could we now turn to the Q&A portion if we could open it up for questions please.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the biggest piece, which is again not always so visible for you and others outside of the organization is to have a clear appreciation for the changes that we are making as far as the portfolio go, the underwriting portfolio. So there are product lines perhaps that we are deemphasizing in some cases for example, like aviation product lines that we've gotten out of, where if all you do is look at what we're doing from a rate perspective and assume that the portfolio doesn't change, I don't fully agree with your conclusion. I think things are getting incrementally better, but I think the more meaningful uplift that will come into focus over time in our reported numbers is going to be the shift that we are making in the underwriting portfolio itself.
Rob Berkley: I think that the comp line has benefited dramatically from a variety of things over the past several years, including in particular, frequency trend. And when we look at the business, yes, rates are coming off due to the actions that state rating bureaus have been taking. But we still think that there are many, many pockets where even in spite of the action state rating bureaus are taking, there is still attractive margin. So I do not think the bottom is falling out at all. I think for organizations like ours that have particularly strong expertise on the underwriting claims and other areas within the comp line as we do and everything we do, we are well positioned to know how to zig and zag and squeeze more juice out of the orange than perhaps those that don't have the same level of expertise. So am I positive? Yes, I am positive, because we think it's been very profitable and it will continue to be profitable. But I don't know what goes on in other calls or other dialogs that you participate in, but we try and not just look in the rearview mirror, but look out the front windshield and beyond just the end of the hood of the car and just like we started talking about inflation a little while ago when we started talking about social inflation in particular a while ago and we've been talking about the issues with auto and other lines, what we're trying to signal to you and to others is that comp has been great and it's still great. But if you roll the movie forward two years from now, it's going to in all likelihood be more challenging, just like at the same time we're suggesting to you that the auto in general, commercial auto in general, if you roll the movie forward 12, 18 months from now, it's probably going to be pretty attractive and using D&O in parts of the professional liability market, it is more likely than not that over the next three years, not more than that, you are going to start to see a meaningful response or reaction to what has been an extended period of significant competition and the eroding of market conditions.
Rob Berkley: So as Rich suggested, I think the improvement that you'll see over time is going to be due to a combination of higher earned premium as some of our younger businesses continue to scale as well as opportunities that we are finding to capitalize on efficiencies within the operation. I think while I appreciate and understand the question, I think as Rich suggested, we would be reluctant to start trying to get into basis points of savings, but what I would suggest to you is that, we don't think that 32.9 is as good as it gets. We think that there is opportunity again as Rich suggested and we've talked about in prior calls to significantly improve upon that. And that is a priority and a focus for us. But it's not just about spending less, it's about doing things better and that is our focus.
Rob Berkley: I think as you've heard us comment in the past, we are conscious of our capital position. We spend a good deal of time trying to make sure that we have an appropriate level of capital, not just to run the business, but to be able to capitalize on opportunities that we see on the horizon. As far as special dividends and share repurchase, obviously, those are two tools that we have available to return capital to shareholders. Yes, of course, when it comes to share repurchase, we are conscious of what we believe putting aside stated book value is, but what we believe is true book value or intrinsic value of the business and we take into account where the stock is trading at. But ultimately, when the day is all done, we have a conversation as to capital requirements and then to the extent we have excess capital, what is the most efficient way to return that to our owners.  So the answer is, to your question, I'm not going to answer it specifically, because we don't necessarily get into the details or the specific philosophy around how we choose to return value to shareholders.
Rob Berkley: I think as far as the investment pressures, there's obviously a lot of different components in the alternative space you certainly can extrapolate as Rich was suggesting as to what the impact will be on the energy component, but I would caution you not to assume that that is exactly -- that is not the whole story, that is a piece of the story. And as far as the core portfolio and the yield on that, we've been getting a benefit as interest rates have been moving up a little bit compared to where they were in the past and more specifically again as you noticed in our duration, our colleagues have been very disciplined on the investment side and on the short end, they're getting paid for the cash and cash equivalent more than they were not that long ago. That’s probably the biggest piece of the puzzle, but as I'm sure you can appreciate, there are a lot of moving pieces, but I would suggest that’s probably what deserves most of your attention.
Rob Berkley: I want to make sure, certainly, we're happy to try to answer the question, but can you ask it once more, we’re going make –
Rob Berkley: No. So, the answer is that there was more frequency of severity I think than we or for that matter, the industry would expect. Having said that, the way we go about managing our portfolio allows us to be, relatively speaking, underweighted when it comes to cat activity or cat losses compared to our peers. Again, it just goes back to what I was trying to articulate earlier around how we think about risk adjusted return and we've been through a period of time where we don't think you get paid appropriately for that volatility. So it was more than we typically would expect, given some of the changes that we have made and how we manage the portfolio. Quite frankly, if things happened as they did in ‘18 and ’19, that number would be somewhat less.
Rob Berkley: So I think that commercial auto very much lost its way some number of years ago. I think one can speculate a variety of different ways and suggest a variety of different reasons from distracted driving to a change in the legal environment and while people sort of pour through the data, I'm not sure if anyone has a perfect answer to that. And I think it also proved particularly on the auto liability front that there was perhaps a little bit more tail to the business than some people had appreciated at moments in time in the past.  I think that over the past few years, the industry has been playing a game of catch up. I think some people identified the issues earlier than others. Perhaps got a little bit of a head start. I think some folks, not only had perhaps identified it earlier, but were willing to take a more forceful position and may have gotten farther down the path than others as well because of that.  I think the marketplace, generally speaking, understands that it needs rates and continues to push for rate. I would not suggest that there is any low hanging fruit out there, however, I would suggest that it is very clear that the market is more well priced today than it was yesterday, but there is still room for improvement. It's very difficult to get more granular than that because there are different pockets within the commercial auto space, so it varies by exposure, it varies by territory and again back to the earlier point, the fact is that different carriers are at different places as far as rate accuracy.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I would not read too much into that from my perspective obviously depending on how market conditions evolve from here, but if they continue to evolve in a positive direction, I think you will see our participation in the auto market grow and grow significantly over time. Having said that, we're going to have to see whether market conditions continue to improve or if they do a U-Turn, no pun intended.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I mean, my general comment about frequency and severity, I think frequency is up on the D&O front. I think severity is up on the D&O front, particularly on the public side and some of -- some select other professional lines and I think that the marketplace is going to be dealing with, coping with significant claims activity today and even more tomorrow and again D&O would be one example I would throw out. Lawyers as large law firms and mid-sized law firms as another example of where there's a lot of pain out there that is starting to come to the surface, but it has not been digested and there's been incremental pain here and there for the marketplace. I think it is starting to accelerate. So I don't think that when you think about D&O for example, it is, in my opinion, clearly a line that one needs to be very careful right now rates, terms, conditions, things need to improve considerably before one could open up the spigot. Having said that, as you can see, our professional line is flattish and that's because there are other parts of the professional space that we like a lot.
Rob Berkley: I think, look, there's a general observation or there's a reality, right Brian about high net worth. Rich people from a nat cat perspective live in stupid places. And Florida would be an example of that and people with money, particularly in the Northeast oftentimes will have homes in the southeast to escape the kind of weather that the rest of us are going to be facing up here in the northeast over the next couple of days, no different than people in the Midwest, a lot of them tend to make their way down to Arizona during this time of year, so we felt that it was important to be able to ensure we could accommodate the needs of these clients. But perhaps to the root of your question and this has been pretty consistent from day one, we do not envision Berkley one dramatically shifting or changing the risk profile of the group overall from a cat perspective and we are able to manage that in many ways, including through the use of reinsurance.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I mean I think let's put growth in perspective. I think as Rich or maybe I, so I don’t even remember what I said, but Rich probably said, the reinsurance business grew 1%. So I wouldn't read too deeply into it, it probably was just noteworthy to us internally because it's been shrinking for such an extended period of time in such a significant way. So, again, we don't view that the reinsurance market has a green light. I think that it has improved and it will continue to improve. We're starting to see more discipline particularly around seeding commissions.  I would tell you that for example, the UK is some number of paces ahead of the US market and that's probably a reflection of the London market having drifted farther off course than many other markets around the world and as a result of that, the pendulum has swung pretty severely back in the opposite direction and that creates an opportunity for reinsurance on the marketplace. So hopeful that we'll see the benefits in other markets, but it's really the UK market that is at least for the moment, the most noteworthy.
Rob Berkley: So, I would suggest to you and usually we don't get into this level of granularity. But you can always call Karen and see if you can torture it out of her, but from my perspective, I think when it comes to margins, we are looking for our margins across the board in the short run to improve on an accident year basis. I think it is possible on accident or a policy year basis as we make our way towards the end of ’19, you'll see the comp line start to erode and that's just a result of rates coming down, so again we’re very comfortable, we’re keeping up with inflation and some would suggest we’ll actually outpace inflation. We're having a chat internally how it's possible that wage inflation is outpacing financial inflation, which again is a driver of the pricing.  So looking at the business going forward, I think comp is probably neutral and over time sort of when you get out to 20 and beyond, putting aside development is probably going to be incrementally going the wrong way, but I think you should assume that you're going to have GL, auto, property, all move in a positive direction and quite frankly I think professional and as we touched on D&O, you roll the movie forward to, later in ‘19 and ’20. I think you're going to more likely than not see a pretty significant shift to the good.
Rob Berkley: I would suggest to you, the number that's been suggested give or take 25 million a quarter is the right number to be using gains or continue to be an important part of what we do and the approach on investment front. Having said that, obviously we were a big shareholder and health equity and we harvested those gains and that worked out reasonably well, but our holdings are something, but closer to nothing and something of the state compared to where they were. And again, we don't give a lot of visibility because we don't necessarily have a perfect visibility as to where -- when the gains will come through and how much they'll be, but I think the placeholder of the 25 million a quarter is a good one to hold on to. Appreciate that that doesn't make it easy to model, but I think that's the right assumption to use.
Rob Berkley: Okay. I would like to thank you very much and thank you to all who dialed in. As suggested, I think the business performed, relatively speaking, very well in the fourth quarter. That wasn't the good luck, that wasn't a coincidence, it's because of the philosophy that we have and how we manage the business, both on the underwriting front as well as the investment front. Looking forward, we think the organization is particularly well positioned. We are optimistic that in many of the parts of the market we participate in, there is an opportunity for rate and further margin expansion and we think that we have the expertise and the knowledge and the market position to benefit from that. Thank you again for your participation. Have a good evening.
