William R. Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So overall, we're pretty happy with the quarter. Our results are reflective of what I think are the discipline we’ve shown over prior years and substantial improvement in our performance, as we gain market position, we’re pleased with what we see. we measure our reserves carefully as both Rob and Gene mentioned. We are comfortable and in fact, our reserves as we measured in which as we look back at the prior three years’ earned premium, and then look at our total reserves outstanding, we choose three years’ earned premium, because that serves the duration of our loss reserves and our reserves are in an all time high, compared to where there has been any measuring point we’ve used in the prior periods. So, we’re pretty happy about where we stand reserve wise. Inevitably, our on-going accident year loss ratio is going to improve, its going to improve only because of price increases exceeding loss cost. So, as that 4% from the fourth quarter starts to come into earn premium in the 6.5% in the first quarter, as it becomes earned, we’re going to see improving result. So by the end of the year we would expect 3% or 4% improvement in that underlying accident year loss ratio. That setting aside, all the unusual variables you can see quarter-to-quarter in the property casualty business. But in fact with price increases where they are that improving loss ratio is certain to come into play. We think that while in individual lines of business you still are seeing people compete aggressively here and there, it doesn’t take long before people figure out what they’re doing is stupid. But stupidity is not limited to any one company or any one underwriter, it pops up in all markets, we just notice it more when most companies are beginning to be disciplined and understand what’s going on. So, yes it is the unusual behavior becomes more visible. I think that the cyclical change is always the same exactly how it implemented they will be different, but it isn’t going to be a hockey stick and it never has been a hockey stick until some particular event happens, which drives a dramatic change. It can be a hockey stick; dramatic rate increases in a particular line of business or a particular segment of the market. But overall, we’re seeing good strong price increasing and the business is moving towards profitability. We don’t think interest rates are going to dramatically move up. We think it is still one world and the difficulties in Europe are going to impact the investments opportunities, and we think lots of the marketplace has capital embedded in Europe. So it’s going to keep pressure on the overall market. So we’re excited, we think we’ll have an excellent year. We would expect that we will be able to deliver on our book value increasing by 13% to 15% for the year and we expect that we will be able to have additional capital gains, if some of the things at Berkley capital and some of our other investments will deliver we’d be honest gains for the balance of the year. With that Kevin, we’ll be happy to take questions.
William R. Berkley: I’m going to let Rob talk about that. I think the answer is trying to get your head around California comp loss cost is a pretty slippery slope, given that they're willing to change benefits at a jump of a hat and make it retroactive. Having said that, I think the market realizes that they have significant catching up to do. I think the rate increases that we are getting at this stage in that book are certainly keeping up with our belief as to where our lost costs are going or we’ll be over a period of time and we’re reasonably comfortable. Having said that, I think that the average pricing in the marketplace overall, they find themselves in a hole and even the rate increases that they are trying to get today I don’t think is getting them to an underwriting profit in general.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, one other question, just going back to your opening comments regarding increasing flow in Specialty. In terms of – can you talk about the – what’s the pricing differential between ENS versus, non-ENS entities for W.R. Berkley company on an average.
William R. Berkley: I think and you have to understand how we got here. And that is, what we really gets us to a softer market is standard market rates, first they get cut a bit, and then what happens is they loosen their underwriting standards. So they say, we’re riding all those and not cutting rates anymore and what they’re doing is they’ve loosen their underwriting standards, so business that historically was in the ENS market place or otherwise starts to move to the standard market. Then they had – injury, then they cut prices even more, because they compete for that (inaudible). So the sequence of things that happen is, first people start to raise their rates and then they figure out, they can’t raise their rates enough to pay for this business that never belonged in the standard market at all, and then they – their standards that goes back. So that’s how we got there and that’s how it reversed itself, and that’s how the cycle moves and the cycle moves and as far as terms and conditions all of a sudden, because when you realize you can’t charge enough you just stop riding the business. So we represent the worst business in the standard market and it’s the business that they don’t want to renew.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities:  Got it. Okay, thanks. Thanks so much for all your answers.
William R. Berkley: Reinsurance is probably the big differentiator, because now we will, as Gene suggested obviously the timing of the earn coming through versus the written, now we will change our reinsurance purchasing over a period of time.
William R. Berkley: I think the loss cost trends are no longer totally benign. they’re certainly increasing modestly. The global economic picture always has an impact on how these things happen and come down. and clearly, I think the issues that are being faced in Europe overall will impact the economic picture every place. That being said, I think we passed through the period in the United States at least with the benign loss cost picture, but I don’t see anything running why – some of you saw loss cost grow at 2% to 3%, I think that would be my expectation. Look at that in some point, the United States just like the rest of world is going to have to face up to the ultimate issues of how do you deal with deficits that have accumulated over a long time and inflation and all that goes with that. but we sitting here today, that’s certainly more than 18 months away.Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much.
William R. Berkley: First of all, I think a couple of (inaudible). I said, I felt loss cost trends were 2% to 3% and I felt and hit by the fourth quarter, I thought price increases would be in the 8% to 9%. I don’t think that they’re now, I think that but continue to get a little better. I might point out that every 1% decline in interest rates. For the Reinsurance business you need 7% on price, for the standard property casualty company business you need about 3.5%. You’ve had a 150 basis points decline in interest rates over the past two years, maybe or it depends who you want to use and how you want to measure and what you want to say. But just to offset interest rates, you need substantial rate increases without giving consideration for the fact that in Specialty lines prices have to come down 25% and in Standard lines, probably 15% or 17%. So, yeah, I think that right now, people who were to print their accident year results honestly, a lot of people would have for company results operating losses on a marginal basis. So yeah, I do think you’re going to have to have pretty significant price increases. For a while, before the companies get to where they’re, on a marginal basis making money. You can’t look backward to your portfolio, you have to reinvest the money each day and you have to look forward. I mean some of the people were going to be in the most trouble are the people will price their underwriting margins and build them based upon their average portfolio yields as opposed to the marginal portfolio yields, and they’re going to find out that companies are losing money. So I think price increases are essential for the industry just to get the breakeven.Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay, that’s good. Thank you.
William R. Berkley: I’ll let Rob answer that. I think that precision to something that we’d like to have. But I’ll let Rob answer.
William R. Berkley: The hard markets always start this way and then something happens, something happens, because someone [cheated] more than they thought they were, and gets into [dyer] financial difficulties. I mean it happened to AIG, but AIG got bailed out by the government. I mean, look at all the billions of dollars of deficiencies they had to make up forth. And we don’t know if that’s done or not, they do have very honest guys running the business now and I’m sure they will get there. but the fact is, none of us know where and what is sitting out there. and all I can tell you is that every time we go into the beginnings of an upward cycle, it takes people a long time to get through paying for their past sins. and usually, someone doesn’t have the ability to make it through. I don’t know who that’s going to be and I can’t tell you for sure. But there certainly are a lots of issues and risks to that situation. and I think that you can have other kinds of problems out there. We certainly don’t know who might be impacted by the European issues and the financial issues of the European banks. Lot’s of the capital that supports the overall industry is based in Europe. But I think, there are a lot of uncertainties. I think the fact that is profitability increase is very dramatically with 8% or 9% price increases in this year, and with the same next year, you see dramatic increases in return on capital – return on capital in the high double-digits certainly for us high – excuse me, high teams. and certainly, in the second year of 8% or 9% both increases, our returns will be in the 20. But I can’t tell you or help any more than that. But yeah, I do think prices will continue to go up and I think that those price increases will get to be more substantial, just like today, a few companies can restrain price increases by their aggressive behavior. those few companies end up going both; I mean this is what happened with the Reliance and Frontier. They caused a lot of people a lot of money, because they restrained prices in a couple of areas and then they were broken, and literally in one month prices in commercial transportation in October of 2000 went up 28% on average. So that will happen, there will be a couple of what I would call smaller to mid-sized companies with a lot of business.
William R. Berkley: Say that, I want to make sure I was following you. Gene was sending me a piece of paper, which was of not much help.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So if we take the consolidated results and we take out International written premiums, if math is right, net written premiums were up 4.7% excluding international. And you said that in the International more of the growth was exposures not rate, so I’m assuming that 6.5% is probably just fair as a starting point for the business outside of international. So it looks like if rates were up, if you had a $100 of business last year and then you lost some, and then you wrote some new business, you’re getting 6.5% rate on the business you kept. I’m just trying to understand, why the exposure line actually increased less than the rate change? So 4.7% versus 6.5% I guess, is my question
William R. Berkley: Well, first of all I think you have to breakout (inaudible) it’s a longer question and we’re going to answer you. But a big part of that is impacted by alternative markets, which grew at a very low rate, barely grew at all, and that was because of one particular area that in fact declines, because how competitive price their business and we had substantial decline in premium in that one area. So when you take that out, I think that’s probably a little misleading so, for example Specialty grew at roughly 9%. It’s a lot more complicated than we can answer on this call.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I understand.
William R. Berkley: But I think you’re underlying assumption is by adding up of how many dogs do you have. If you have 17 animals, it’s hard to give you an answer that will make sense, but I think that in the specialty business. And by the way, you also have to weight it by amount of premium as it’s not just adding up the pieces. So I think that the answer would be that the units of exposure in the alternative markets declined and price increase in Specialty business, but price increases still drove most of it and as I said, I’m sure if you want to go through the details of it, we can try and to do that and Gene will go through with you Michael later on. But it’s not something you can sort of aggregate and just sort of add up, it’s a fairly detailed thing. I think it’s one of those cases where the mathematical conclusion is correct, but I think it doesn’t give you the correct aggregate conclusion, because as I say, the biggest section in the Specialty prices were up 8.8% (inaudible) was up 8.8% and unit exposure were up slightly.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. That’s helpful, thank you very much. And then just one question about some of the new businesses either in Specialty or International. Did you add any new teams or new platforms during the quarter? And in terms of the capacity of focus that you’ve brought online, I guess particularly International where we’ve seen the most growth. What sort of percentage of the business that they were writing before they came online here, are the writing now? Just to kind of get an idea of pipeline of potential business there? Thank you for your answers.
William R. Berkley: I think if you put that together, what I said you should have the answer.Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, now I think I do.
William R. Berkley: Which is our aggregate reserves have never been stronger.Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Right, that’s why (inaudible) I think this is interpretive Rob, the first time that’s why I was asking.
William R. Berkley: I think there is several things that happened. First of all, with interest rates down the difference in expected return for short-tail line and I don’t mean property lines, but short-tail lines has changed, because you’re now no longer getting the benefit of that higher investment return on longer tail reserves. So on marginal business that we write new business out, the improved return from casualty business is less than on shorter tail lines of the business. So, yes, we have shifted whereas longer tail lines of business used to represent let’s just say between 85% and 87% of our business today and probably represents 82% of our business, still very predominantly casualty focus, very predominantly long-tail, but yes, consciously a decision that says, we’re willing to shift. Number two, pricing on some of those lines of business have gotten much more attractive. And number three, some of those specialty lines in fact do have some volatility that when we were a lot smaller company we couldn’t take and now we can afford to take it, things like marine business where we can afford to have an adequate and that to make money on line of business. So, all of the above that you mentioned.Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
William R. Berkley: Jay, there are a couple of things going on there, but probably the most noteworthy what have to do with a benign first quarter as it relates to property losses, and obviously that drops right through. So relative to what our expectation would be for property loss activity in Q1 versus what it turned out to be things were a little bit better and while there are a couple of different moving pieces, I would suggest you, the lack of property loss activity was the leading contributor.Jeffrey Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That was my second question, (inaudible).
William R. Berkley: AIG has reduced their relative competitive position before they had gotten more sensible, they’re pulling was certainly helpful. There is one company that we think was a very aggressive price in the business. They didn’t price their discount on their investment yields and excess comp is average duration of the portfolios price by 17 or 18 years. And it’s enormous impact would rate assumption interest rate assumption and they based discount on their average portfolio yield, not based on current marginal interest rates, because of that share prices were from 40% less than ours and that’s the one place in our industry where we loss business, substantial business. That company is in the process of being sold, so we’re hopeful their new owners will get sensible.Robert Farnam – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks.
William R. Berkley: Let me answer the first one and then I will – then if you could ask the second piece, I didn’t catch the whole thing. Relatively speaking within the certain number of basis points that delta between new versus renewal has been pretty consistent over the past several quarters. So that is not a new phenomenon we decided to start to bring that to people (inaudible) because A.) We think it’s relevant and B.) Surprise us how the industry in general doesn’t really seem to talk about new pricing that tend to focus only on renewal pricing, which we didn’t feel as appropriate. So the short answer is that it’s been pretty consistent.
William R. Berkley: As far as those ratios by the group or by segment or by operating unit that’s just not the stuff that we typically get into. I would tell you that new business is a bit more competitive today than it was in prior quarters, at the same time we are finding opportunities. And it has once a year as become a bit more competitive for new business and that’s more I think a reflection on a change in the attitude of the distribution system as much as anything.
William R. Berkley: I’m not going to talk about the specifics. We’ve had relationships with people who have done this for a while
William R. Berkley: Well, thank you all very much. We are very enthusiastic and well, clearly we felt we will grow more in this quarter than we did. I think one of the things it happens in a cycle (inaudible) the distribution part of our business is sort of sitting and adjusting to price increase environment and not out shopping the business that also means until some of the companies start to – that higher standards or terms and conditions there is not as much business outlook I think that’s going to start to change more dramatically. I think right now what we would expect to have price increases continue when to accelerate somewhat and as we said, by the end of the year we’d expect 8% or 9% may be a little better and we’d expect [growth] to get somewhat better than it was in the first quarter. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think the tricky part here is that, its not just about, it is an individual risk what a regional company with price adverse at Specialty Company, because it turns its conditions, it’s a lot of moving pieces, it’s not just purely priced. What I would suggest to you is this, and I’m not to speaking about our businesses, but I’m speaking about the market place if you will, is that – as I suggested earlier, it’s the risk that have a bit of hair on them, whether there would be property or casualty for whatever the reason may be or other issues are complications with – they are looking back over the wall into the specialty market and to the extend that they actually drift all the way over to the ENS market, the rate increase that exposure would be experiencing is quite material.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Keith, in some ways growth now with this new (inaudible) calculation is a penalty again, and that is, you’re not even recovering all your costs on the financial business. So growth is now once again, especially real growth, significant growth is not only not beneficial or breakeven it’s a penalty. So the faster you grow, especially once you pass some single-digit number, it starts to have an adverse impact, because you’re not deferring even your real cost. So the faster we grow, the more adverse that’s going to be at least for the short run.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: There’s nothing that’s changed if that’s what you’re asking Keith. It maybe, because our reinsurance fee...
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yeah. I mean we’ve got different kinds of reinsurance that covers this year, which may have had an impact on it.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: When I say a few carriers, I guess what I’m trying to suggest is that they are the minority, and the greater marketplace, if you will is not only as a realized or recognized action needs to be taken, but it's actually translating into their behavior. So from our perspective, you are seeing a change and they are serving as – some of these folks are serving as an obstacle in front. I think the reason why you’re seeing renewal retention staying in there for ourselves and presumably for some others is because the distribution system recognizes that market is changing and they are less inclined to try and shop business solely on price. So, I think all things being equal it's becoming a less competitive or an aggressive market compared to where it was having said that, it can vary by line of business.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: The answer is that what you’re suggesting is what we target and when we think about our design loss [picks] and we revisit them every 90 days, we’d certainly contemplate what the mix in the contribution is a new to renewal business. Having said that, our approach to (inaudible) on the side of caution a bit was new business versus renewal business is not just in how we price the business, but also and how we book the business. From our perspective, as I suggested earlier, a whole lot more about your [enforced] book than you do about new business. So we look for a higher rate for new business and we probably air a bit on the side of caution as to how we book it from a design ratio pick. Having said that, when we look at the book that has been written, we are cognizant of what percentage is new versus what is renewal, as we revisit those loss picks once again, every 90 days.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think we’re trying to get across the message, and the message is, which I follow-up on that when I made the comment that our reserves relative to the average three years earned premium is at a high level or higher actually than they’ve ever been. And they’ve gotten higher in each successive year for the past five and despite of reserve releases and that no one should think that the amount of reserve releases was indicative in somewhere another of our concern of our reserve position. we do a review, we conclude where we think we are, but we didn’t want people to get the wrong impression. and frequently, people think that the amount of reserves you release is a reflection on your reserve position. I now think I can speak from our company as well as a number of others. I don’t think it necessarily is, some companies who are deficient, still release reserves, they even – they released record amounts of reserves, it doesn’t change the fact that they’re deficient, it’s just they’re more anxious to show better earnings. Some companies that are redundant are cautious in what they release and they may be getting more and more redundant. I think investors tend to read too much in about reserve releases reflecting upon a company’s overall reserve position.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Mike, we added one new team, and they’re going to be focusing on the public entity space and at this stage they have not even begun to write business, or there is nothing that’s been down. We expect that to be happening later this quarter so, there has been no impact from what we did as far as starting new businesses in the first quarter on the income statement. We do think that over time it will be a meaningful contributor to the group, but certainly at this stage there’s been no impact.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think I was trying to suggest to you that I wouldn’t hang my hat at that is the number or the level going forward. I think it would be very problematic if I answer to your question more specifically.Meyer Shields – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: (Inaudible) I’m sorry.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: The mortgages we’re buying are all less than 50% debt to value. So we’re not really using anything with significant leverage and we’re all – the mortgages we’re buying have relatively short duration. So the things we’re using is fairly frankly, we don’t think there is any consequential risk that was, we’re not in the open market, we’re not buying just stock as a marketplace.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: The first question for Gene, you alluded to this in your commentary around the expense ratio, maybe if you could talk about when do we start to see more leverage in that number? And maybe if you could even talk about that number currently excluding the start-up, so we see leverage there currently and then I’ve got a couple follow-ups for Rob.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: No, the net earned is growing faster than the net written, and I would have thought the opposite if rate is improving sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup: Okay. And then just last one for Rob. on your commentary, sill few carriers don’t get it. Does that imply a highly competitive market for new business and would you expect your retention as a result of that to dip below the 80% level that’s been running at? Thanks.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah, well I mean we’re already seeing in our written expense ratio, the leverage come through. I think like I said before that that calculation, that policy kind of slows that down a bit. But we’re seeing it today and expect it to continue not so much as a result of the start-ups anymore, but I think more so as a result of the fact that the top line is growing as much as it is.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. Well, I mean, the earn is a reflection of the growth not just in the quarter, but over the last 12 months of the growth rate.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. And we have some policies that are even longer than 12 months, so you can’t really tie them directly to the change written in the quarter.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. That of course will affect the difference between the written – gross return and net return, and we have had some of that, but in terms of the earned, that’s more just a different time period that we’re measuring there.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah, I think what you’re really seeing is just as we have suggested earlier, the difference in [KL] or duration of KL as we had suggested earlier, excess comp has a much longer tail than primary comp, and as a result of that it takes a bit more time from insurance carriers or market participants if you like recognized that they have an issue. So I do expect that you will see a shift in excess comp and as we also suggested earlier is probably give or take bottoming out. But there is a bit of a lag or a delay before the reality comes into focus and you’ll see the same type of momentum, building in the excess comp line that you are seeing in primary comp.Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. That’s all my question.
