William Robert Berkley: All right, good morning. We're pleased with the quarter and the direction of things. We'll start our call with Rob talking about our operating results, then he'll turn the call over to Gene and then I'll continue trying to give you a summary and take questions. So Rob, the floor is yours.
William Robert Berkley: Well, some of them have already faced the problems in there in the public domain, Tower, Meadowbrook, Torus, [indiscernible], that people already are facing their problems doing it. There certainly are others that may not be in the same very difficult position of these companies, but who are trying to deal with their problems, who have plenty of capital but are saying, gee, we stepped in the wrong direction, we made some wrong assumptions and are going to withdraw from the business. And I think there's plenty of those. And there certainly are a few more who have gone in wrong directions. There are large global companies who always saw the grass being greener in other places, and they found out it was AstroTurf. And it didn't work out that well. So I think that we've yet to see the dramatic changes these people are having to take. But I think they're all starting to take -- the worst part -- one of the things that's interesting, and I'll digress a moment, is it was hard to believe that the peak pricing was in 2004, maybe early 2005, because the earned premium peaked the end of 2005 or early 2006. But the peak pricing was the end of 2004 or early 2005. Prices went down just a little bit, and then in 2007, they started to go down faster. But there are people who lost a lot of money, and the worst losses probably were incurred in 2009 and 2010 because of the accumulation of those low prices. And if you aggressively wrote business then, you still were writing at terribly low prices in 2011, certainly the beginning of 2011. So those people are just now having to face up to that low-pricing environment. So I think there's quite a bit more of pain to go and a lot of people who are going to say, what are we going to do, and who are very, very short on their reserves for those -- some of those things and are going to have to try to figure out a solution. But everyone doesn't have to go out of business. Some of the people are plenty well capitalized and have plenty of smart people. They just have to face the reality that we have to do something. There will be more, however, than the 3 I mentioned that will go out of business.
William Robert Berkley: Yes, you have there, when he said 2%, a little over, 2% or 3%, it was 103% or 102%. It's not very much there. It's like charging $103 or $102.
William Robert Berkley: Mike, I think the answer to your question is that what we're seeing is it's just a greater number of submissions coming into the specialty market from the standard market. Ultimately, we saw people try -- looking back, if you will, probably starting in 2007 and 2008 and reflecting on the profitability from the prior years, and their natural reaction is they want more so they start to cut rate, loosen terms and conditions and broaden their overall appetite. If you look at, for example, the casualty market and certainly some of the stuff that we participate in, if you figure that the average duration of the reserves is 3-plus years, it takes a little bit of time for that to come into focus. And what we've been seeing over the, I don't know, past several quarters is that's starting to come into focus more and more, and as that is coming into focus, it's forcing a change in behavior of some of the standard market. And again, it's manifesting itself by them beginning to revisit what their appetite is, and again, we're seeing more coming into the specialty market. So it's interesting because you can see the bit of a tug of -- the internal tug of war of some of these -- particularly some of the larger carriers that typically operate in the standard market, and their appetite has grown. They tend to get the underwriting discipline back and ask their underwriters to be pushing for more rate and narrowing the appetite, and then they see what it does to their top line and then they'll send another message sort of the next quarter, so what they want them to do because they don't like it when the top line starts to fall off. So as my father had mentioned earlier, you're seeing a little bit of mixed behavior, where people are struggling with what their appetite should be. But by and large, we continue to see a increasing level of discipline in the standard market, hence, the specialty market is getting more of a crack at things.
William Robert Berkley: I think, clearly, there is a relationship between growth and margin, if you will. And oftentimes, there is a relationship between rate that can be achieved and the margin that you believe you will obtain. Obviously, for our purposes, we're very focused on making an underwriting profit, and we're pleased to see that there are certain lines and classes where we're getting to the point where there's very much a green light and we will not just be growing because of rate, but we will become more aggressive if things continue down the path that they've been on in trying to add to exposure or policy count. I think as far as getting very granular as to where we see the best opportunities, typically, that's not something that we've looked to highlight because we don't think it's in our shareholders' best interests to advertise where we think our best margins are today or where they will be tomorrow. But what I would suggest to you is that oftentimes where the market has gotten the ugliest is oftentimes where you will see the greatest or the most severe reaction and the pendulum will swing farthest going in the other direction, and you just need to make sure that you don't jump back in prematurely.
William Robert Berkley: Yes. As far as the international goes, there's really been a couple of things that have been driving that growth. One would be some of the markets that we're in where their economies are doing particularly well and they have been for several years. So whether that's in Australia or whether that's in some of the Scandinavian territory, Norway, for example. Certainly, Germany has fared much better than a lot of Europe, and there has been particular opportunities in the auto space. But -- and then, of course, we've seen some opportunities in Latin America, even though that does come with its complexity as well. So again, the growth outside of the U.S. has been primarily, as far as insurance goes, related to the strength of some of the economies around the world. And as far as reinsurance and the growth that we've had there, that has more to do with, quite frankly, the reinsurance operation that we started in Europe and which has gotten some good initial traction. And again, our reinsurance business down in Australia, that rates in Asia, they have gotten a pretty good bump as well because of the general economic conditions of that territory of the world.
William Robert Berkley: Yes, sure. I think, as far as that goes and the details, what we would suggest is that you follow up with Gene, if you wouldn't mind, or Karen as to some of the more detail or minutia, and we'll share with you what we can at a more granular level, Mike.
William Robert Berkley: It's just an investment. It's a business that we invest in as we've invested in other businesses, and we carry the costs. And frankly, it's not a fabulous return. It's an okay return. It just suffered a lot in the economic decline, and it's returning to doing sort of what we expected. It refurbishes parts. It sells parts globally. It has a couple of FBOs. It sells used and new airplanes. But there's nothing -- there's nothing extraordinary about it. It's really returned back to the level it was at, but it's doing well. We have really outstanding people, and most of -- many of their competitors didn't survive the economic downturn at all.
William Robert Berkley: You know, the reality is trying to figure out what your competitors do is a Rubik's Cube. We look at what we see and know is going on out in the field and we wonder how that corresponds with their day-to-day behaviors. So yes, it is strange to us about things like that. But some of our most aggressive competitors are facing problems in the business they wrote. And we don't see them dealing with those problems, but we know they will. They have to eventually. It does take time for bad results to get reported in financial statements. But eventually, they do get there, and so we have plenty of companies that are out there that have problems that they have not dealt with, then will come home to roost. And in some cases, as the 2 companies I mentioned, they may not have the resources to deal with them fully, but in others, they have the resources, but it will be a painful process. The real question is, will people try and solve the process or will they behave like ostriches and stick their heads in the ground and pretend they don't exist? And so they are unavoidable, at which time you have crises.
William Robert Berkley: No. We're going to. That was a pro -- that was a -- I was forecasting, not -- that is not where we are now.
William Robert Berkley: I would think our net yields will not go down. Part of that decline is we have a lot more cash than we've usually had. We had over $1 billion of cash yielding 0.25%. So that has a huge impact on our yield.
William Robert Berkley: Because you've got to mention it's also impacted by the size of the realized gains. The realized gains are all taxed at 35%, and that was a pretty big number this quarter.
William Robert Berkley: As you know, Greg, we don't really tell people what we're going to do about buying back stock. Last year, and you may recall, we paid a dividend, a special $1 a share dividend because we had extra capital. We're going to try -- we try and measure how much capital we have, what we do and where are the opportunities. And we make that assessment and try to weigh that over the alternative of dividend, buying back stock and opportunities to deploy the capital in the business. And we would expect to continue to do that. When the time -- when the stock traded down, we bought some stock back. It traded up, we didn't. So we're continuing that same strategy. We think we have more capital than we need at the moment. But we think aggressively buying stock back, at the moment, may not be the right thing. We think that they're, likely, are going to be some opportunities to do something, and we also need to weigh the opportunities of returning cash in the form of a special dividend or increasing the regular dividend if we find we can't buy back stock.
William Robert Berkley: We have always told people that there's a trade-off, that managing capital is a key element in the property casualty business. Opportunities to use the capital in the business, one. Two, buying back stock or dividends, special or increase regular dividends. And I think that, that continues to be the issues we face. At that moment in time, the tax issues certainly impacted us to make that decision. It made it a more effective use of a special dividend. But it's still the issue on the table that we have to think about.
William Robert Berkley: No. We think you can achieve the profitability levels of 2004. But what we're trying to say is that even if you get the underwriting returns, then you're not going to get the return on capital that you had then because interest rates are so much lower. So yes, I think that -- I think the prices will continue up for another at least 18 months, if not longer, at which time, I think you'll probably be approaching pricing -- underwriting profitability levels of 2004. However, even when you're at that level, you're not going to have the overall profitability levels you had in 2004 because investment income is going to be down substantially.
William Robert Berkley: Not long enough on this conference call. So I'll briefly tell you that when this company went public 40 years ago, the 15th -- or the 16th, the day of the Arab oil embargo. I can still sitting -- remember sitting at my desk and writing the forecast for EF Hutton about what we would do and how we would do it. And I changed one little number and it was an amazing change in the return on capital. And I changed it 0.5%. And who could argue with a 0.5% change? And I suddenly realized how fallacious forecasts in this business were because you made these small assumptions and you built everything around them. I think these capital suppliers who are entering the business entirely based on models and forecasts are going to find out that human judgments actually are of value and important. And a number of them will get badly burned as they step away from the highly forecastable pieces of the business to other parts. So yes, they may step and put their toe in the water in other things, and I can assure you it will be extremely costly and short-lived.
William Robert Berkley: Let me talk about a few things. There were some expenses that were unique and were likely to recur going forward. That will probably take maybe between $5 million and $6 million out that won't happen going forward. In addition, there was probably $3 million to $4 million of expenses for businesses that generated effectively no revenue. That will have corresponding revenue to some degree in the fourth quarter, although that will still not get up to speed. It will have a less impactful aspect on the fourth quarter and going forward. So those 2 things are more measurable. The change in the reinsurance is going to continue to be impacted as we move from quota share to excess for a number of lines of business. That will be offset over a 12-month period somewhat as we get more earned premium because the nature of taking a quota share to an excess is we'll get more earned premium. But it takes more time to get that through the financial statement. All that being said, we are also trying to focus to be sure that while expenses never were a cornerstone to any insurance company's success, and we don't think it's the guidepost to being a successful company, we do want to be sure we haven't gotten sloppy and that we're paying attention. Do we have the right numbers of people and the right people and the right structures everyplace to ensure that we're doing the right job? So I think that all that together, what we expect will be continued growth in premiums. So I think it's a bunch of different things, Jay. But we would think that you'd very quickly see a substantial improvement in the dollars and a measurable improvement in the expense ratio.
William Robert Berkley: I think the observation is a very fair one that you need to take into account, whether it's a stable environment or whether you have a bit of apples and oranges. Having said that, when we're able to look into our business, obviously, in a different way than you're able to and we look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, the trend is quite apparent. Then the other comment that I would share with you is that when we look at our mature businesses, because again, when you're looking at the younger businesses that are growing a bit more, but when we look at our mature businesses, I mean, look at what's happening with claim counts, we certainly are seeing things move in a positive direction. And in part, that's a result of the underwriting actions beyond just rate increases that we have been taking over the past several years.
William Robert Berkley: I think the other thing is, I don't think you can look at a paid-loss ratio as an independent thing. I think that when we look at it, what we really do is -- and we go back all the way to 2006, and we look at the incurred-loss ratio to the paid-loss ratio and look at how they relate and what are those trends. So what we're trying to say is, "Hey, if your paid-loss ratio seems to be getting out of line one way or the other with your incurred, that probably means you're not reserving enough. If your paid-loss ratio is moving in the other direction, it probably means you're being more conservative." And one of the interesting things is when the cycle gets worse, it absolutely says you're not being more conservative, and your paid-loss ratio goes up. And when the cycle gets better, it's the reverse. And this -- you could have heard me give this speech in 1986. I gave the same speech, but we were a lot smaller company, so nobody paid attention to me, but same speech. So I think the answer is the paid-loss ratio taken alone, independently, doesn't tell you anything. It's when you look at it with respect to the incurred-loss ratio and the direction of things because so many things can impact any number. I mean, it's a problem with the insurance business. Any one number can -- means lots of different things. You have to look at it in the context of lots of other pieces of information. So for us, it's that paid-loss ratio relative to the incurred because the incurred is what's in your financials. So what you're really trying to say is, "Does the incurred make sense?" So if you saw that paid-loss ratio going up and the incurred was not, then you should worry. If the incurred is going down and the paid is going down, it's a good directional sign.
William Robert Berkley: Yes. The answer is, our guy who ran that business is named Frank Costa. He did a wonderful job. And he was a real expert in the business. And he went out and, in fact, his vision was correct, that people appreciate the fact that we stepped up and wrote a check, and that business has grown. He's done a wonderful job.
William Robert Berkley: All right. I think generally speaking, clearly, there is more competition that has come into the property cat space. Trying to draw a clear correlation between the behavior of many reinsurers as a result of some of this alternative capital coming into the property cat space and how that's driving a -- possibly a change in behavior in the casualty market, I think it's probably a little bit early to reach a conclusion.
William Robert Berkley: So as I said, I think there's pressure, but it's not -- you're not showing anything dramatic other than in the cat space.
William Robert Berkley: And then, of course, our new regional business, which we -- I believe we announced perhaps last quarter, but it's still getting in the process of up and running this quarter, which will be focused on the Southeast. And as we've discussed in the past when we've chatted about our regional model, we feel as though one of the differentiators between a regional model and a national carrier is a focus on a particular territory. And we have reshuffled a couple of things so we will have an operation that's dedicated to the Southeast. And also, as a result of that, we will be able to focus another operation even moreso on the Mid-Atlantic and another regional company on its core territory. So those are the 2 start-ups. It's architects and engineers and it's the formation, which I believe, again, we had announced last quarter in the Southeast.
William Robert Berkley: Well, the noncat -- the cat activity was minimal in both last -- the third quarter of last year and the third quarter of this year. So that didn't impact it...
William Robert Berkley: I'll take a crack, and then I think Gene will probably correct me. But I believe it certainly had something to do with rate. It certainly had something to do with mix. And then, of course, the other component as far as the combined ratio goes is the expense ratio is getting better as that earned continues to build. As, Mike, you recall and we've referenced early in the call today, we've had a reasonable amount of growth in that group of companies, and we have for some number of years. So we are really starting to see the benefit of that higher earned coming through, and we're able to leverage that expense base with it.
William Robert Berkley: All right. Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate -- we're quite enthusiastic about the balance of the year. Clearly, capital management is on the forefront as we go forward. We expect continued price increases, and as I said, I sort of bring my band a little closer, from 6% to 8% down to sort of 6.5% to 7.5%. But we're quite optimistic and expect the balance of the year and next year to generate returns well within the range of our expectations and continue to have capital gains in line with the recent past. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Eugene G. Ballard: Sure, okay. Thanks. As Rob said, we had another solid quarter, highlighted by further improvement in our underwriting margins and increase in investment income compared with a year ago and significant capital gains. Starting with the underwriting, our net premiums were up 11.5% overall to $1.4 billion. Net premiums for the domestic and reinsurance segments were each up 11%, and the international premiums were up 18%. Premium growth was led by our 2 largest lines of business, other liability and workers' compensation, which were up 18% and 13%, respectively. Our overall combined ratio for the quarter was 93.9%, 2 points better than the third quarter of 2012 due to improvement in the underlying loss ratio. That is the loss ratio before cat losses and reserve releases. The underwriting loss ratio was 60.1% in the quarter compared to 62.1% a year ago. The underlying loss ratio improved by 2.5 points each for the domestic and international segments and by 1 point for the reinsurance segment. Just to repeat what we talked about in the call last quarter, a 2-point improvement in the loss ratio is what you get when you do sort of a simple reasonable net test of the underwriting trends. Prices were up 6.5%, and if you assume a loss cost trend of something around 3%, that gives you a net trend of 3.5 points. And if you take our accident year loss ratio from the third quarter of '12, which was 64%, and take 3.5% of that, you get just right at 2-point improvement, and that's what we're showing. Back to the quarter, then. Catastrophe losses were $13 million or 1.0 loss ratio points compared to $9 million a year ago, and favorable reserve development was $33 million or 2.3 loss ratio points, up slightly from $28 million a year ago. The favorable reserve development this quarter was concentrated in our domestic segment. The overall expense ratio increased 0.1 point to 33.8%, and the domestic segment expense ratio increased slightly over 1 point. The reason for the domestic segment increase, there's 3 main factors. First, we are earning less seeding commissions as a result of shifting some of our reinsurance programs from quota-share structures to excess-of-loss programs. Second, we incurred some one-time cost relating to reorganizing parts of our regional business in the quarter. And third, we're continuing to invest in new ventures, including 2 start-up companies, as well as several expansions into new products and territories within existing companies. We expect the revenues from these new ventures to begin to increase in the fourth quarter of this year and offset that expense ratio trend. Our paid-loss ratio for the quarter and for the year-to-date period was 54%, and that's the lowest paid-loss ratio we've had since 2008. That's the main reason for operating cash flow more than doubling in the quarter to over $300 million. Our investment income was up 8% to $126 million in the quarter, due primarily to higher returns for investment funds. That increase was partially offset by a decline in fixed income returns due to lower reinvestment rates for bonds that are either maturing or being prepaid. The overall annualized portfolio yield was 3.4% in the quarter, up from 3.2% a year ago. In addition, realized investment gains were up 61% to $44 million in the quarter, with a majority of those gains coming from the sale of equity securities. At September 30, 81% of our portfolio was invested in cash and fixed income securities, unchanged from June 30. The average duration was 3.2 years, down from 3.3 years at June 30, and the average credit rating was unchanged at a AA-. Our overall effective income tax rate increased to 30% in the quarter, up from 27% for all of -- for the full year 2012. That increase was due to a decline in the portion of the portfolio invested in municipal bonds. Municipal bonds represent 27% of our overall portfolio at September 30 compared with an average of 34% in 2012. So in total, that adds up to net income of $137 million, up 36% from a year ago, and an annualized yield of 12.7%.
Eugene G. Ballard: Right. By segment, I did. I said that the underlying loss ratio improved by 2.5 points for the domestic and international segments and by 1 point for the reinsurance segment.
Eugene G. Ballard: Those 2 points -- in other words, it was 2 points for the overall company and it was 2.5 points for international, as they benefited a little bit more. Their rates were not out of line with the rate increases for the rest of the business. So it...
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, it's similar. It was a modest amount. It wasn't any difference between where it was coming, coming from the same source, basically.
Michael Nannizzi: Rob, I guess there was one question -- or the one comment in the press release, you talked about some standard carriers maybe stepping away from business that they were writing or some specialty business they were writing during the soft part of the market, and maybe that's manifesting. Can you give a little bit more context to that? I mean, what sort of accident years, calendar years are we talking about? And you just -- it doesn't seem, at least, well, I haven't heard of standard carriers seeing a lot of adverse development in -- even in kind of subsegments. Just wanted to get a little bit more context if I could.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And I guess more specifically, like with the international segment, I mean, that's been in a kind of double-digit, mid-teens sort of growth trajectory for several quarters now. I mean, I know...
Michael Nannizzi: Yes. No, third. No, no, no, that would be -- yes, sorry about that. Third versus second. I'm ahead of myself by a quarter.
Michael Nannizzi: I guess, what was the driver of that development? So there was adverse development in the second quarter, and then, if my math is right, there was some adverse development in the third quarter.
