Rob Berkley: Audra, thank you very much and let me echo your words earlier with a warm welcome to all that are participating in the call today. We appreciate your time and look forward to discussing with you our Q1 2024 results. In addition to myself, we also have Bill Berkley on the call, Executive Chairman and Rich Baio, Chief Financial Officer and we are going to follow our typical agenda where I am going to be handing it over to Rich shortly. He will be running through some highlights, once he is completed his comments, I'll follow along with a few additional thoughts and then we will be pleased to open it up for questions, comments, discussion. But before I do hand it over to Rich, I think anyone who's had an opportunity to flip through the earnings release would understand already. But I'll say it regardless, that we had a very strong and solid quarter, great way to start the year. And when you really look at the results and unpack it a little bit, as we'll be doing over the next hour or so, it's pretty clear that the business is firing on many cylinders or essentially all cylinders at this stage. Rich again will get into some details and while there are a couple of moving pieces in the investment portfolio that merit some conversation or discussion, I think the overall story is that whether it's on the investment side or on the underwriting side, business continues to benefit from the foundation that was poured yesterday. We continue to pour it today and position the business for continued success. This is really a result of the whole team and in particular, I think it's worth noting that the level of expertise, the focus and as important as anything, the discipline that exists on both the underwriting part of the business, as well as the investment part of the business. So for us, we're pleased with the quarter. Rich is going to give you some more detail on it. In addition to that, we're probably even more enthusiastic because of how we see the business unfolding, not just for the balance of this year, but with every passing day we are laying the groundwork for what 2025 and beyond will look like as well. So with that, let me hand it to Rich and he will share with us some of his thoughts on the quarter. Rich, good morning.
Rob Berkley: Nothing particularly material at this stage. Again, we think that the -- look, we were constantly looking at our loss picks in trying to tweak and refine. So it's not like we come up with these picks and then they're frozen indefinitely. That having been said, there was nothing material or consequential to the portfolio overall as far as changes during 2023.
Rob Berkley: My best guesstimate at this stage and that's with a capital G is that we should be able to grow the business all, given what I see between 10% and 15%. As Mike, I know you're aware of and we all presumably have a shared appreciation. We have 60 different businesses, all focused on different niches within the marketplace. And at any moment in time, there are parts of the market that we participate in that are improving and there are parts of the market that are facing more of a headwind. One of the things, again, as I think we've discussed in the past is that once upon a time, these product lines marched in lockstep, at this stage, they have seemed to be decoupling more and more every day. So there'll be some puts and there'll be some takes, but overall, I think that there's a better than average chance that we can grow between 10% and 15% for the foreseeable future. Could there be a quarter that we come in shy of that? Yes. Could there be a quarter that we exceed that? Yes, but that's sort of the channel markers I would offer you.
Rob Berkley: Look, so let maybe just to bifurcate it a little bit between insurance and reinsurance. So, first off, I think that one needs to understand just because pricing is peaked, that doesn't mean there's not still good margin to have. So if you look at our reinsurance business and the opportunity that we still see in property, we view it as still a healthy line. That having been said, barring the unforeseen event, we think that property cat specifically has perhaps seen the peak we'll see with time. Obviously, the reinsurance marketplace has an impact on the insurance market, when reinsurance costs are up, then obviously that there is a trickle through or a waterfall effect for the insurance market and there is a little bit of a delay in that. So, the reinsurance market, which force the firming, I think, is out ahead. I think there's still margin to be had there, I think the impact that it's had on the insurance market is still very real, as the insurance market is still coming to grips with that higher cost of capacity that they rent from the reinsurance marketplace. But I don't think that there is the same level of pressure in or urgency in the insurance marketplace in particular E&S that we saw or felt a year ago. That doesn't mean there's not still opportunity. That doesn't mean we don't still like the margin and don't still want to have a second helping of whatever the market can offer. We have a view as to what adequate rate is in order to achieve the risk adjusted return that we think is appropriate. Right now, we think that opportunity, generally speaking, still exists in property. How quickly that will dissipate? I don't know, but we play close attention to it and we will not have an issue shutting off the spigot if we don't think it is a good use of capital going forward.
Rob Berkley: Josh, we -- as I think we've discussed in the past, we look at our reserves a variety of different ways by each one of the operations that makes up the group by product line at a very granular level. We also look at it at the aggregate as well, the group level and we assess where we are and what we need and what tweaking needs to happen. I think there tend to be some folks that tend to maybe not try and tweak as regularly as we do, but we are constantly looking at it and trying to make sure that we're not getting the porridge too hot or too cold. So at any moment in time, there's 60 different moving pieces, but we feel as though that things are in a good place.
Rob Berkley: Sure, David, to make a long story short, the amount of movement from each one of the two segments was what I would define relative to the overall reserve position of each segment, let alone the aggregate, one could say is immaterial. And as far as the development goes, if you wouldn't mind just catching up with Karen on those details. But there wasn't anything out of the ordinary and from based on what I have the sheet that I have in front of me, but why don't you catch up with Karen and she can try and give you a little bit more detail on that. But if your question is, are we taking lots of reserves out of the current year or the more recent year? No, the answer is, we're not.
Rob Berkley: And a reminder, our life of our reserves is just inside of four years and the incurred tail is inside of three years.
Rob Berkley: Yes and probably the areas, well, not probably the areas that we are looking hardest at the picks would be around commercial auto and it's less that we have concerns about prior year, it's more that we just have concerns about the environment and where it seems to be today and where we expect it's going tomorrow, we've got to keep up with that.
Rob Berkley: So I'm not familiar with the data, Elyse, that perhaps you have in front of you. But speaking to our experience, we continue to see during the first quarter very robust activity on the E&S front, particularly on the casualty or liability. In general property, there continues to be an opportunity. But again, I think it's probably not what it was a year ago. And I think that that's just the reality of things and the cycle. So we are more of a liability shop than a property shop though we do participate in property. I expect that we'll try and make some more hay and property before we call it a day, but it is possible that, that may have not peaked, but property is peaking. On the liability front, there is nothing that leads me to believe that the momentum is going to be subsiding anytime soon. I think the reality is that social inflation, the legal environment, the social environment persists and that continues to drive lost costs. And I think that there's some reasonable chance that the reinsurance marketplace is becoming more acutely aware of this social inflation issue and you're going to see them look for opportunity to try and put pressure on the insurance marketplace when it comes to like casualty and liability lines like they did on the property front. As it relates to us, we are less exposed or susceptible to that because we are a small limits player, approximately 90% of our policies that are legally allowed to have a limit have a limit of $2 million or less. So we are not as exposed to the whims of the reinsurance market, but we look forward to the reinsurance market embracing greater discipline on the casualty lines.
Rob Berkley: I think that we will continue to look at the business and the data and how we think things are performing. And, Elyse, hopefully you would expect we will respond accordingly. So that's the best I can do, sorry, if it's not good enough.
Rob Berkley: My colleagues and I -- we continue to have a view that frequency remains the industry's friend and we along with others have benefited from that, but are sensitive to or maybe I would take a step further and suggest concerned about medical costs and where they are likely going and there's a delay there. So are we at the bottom? It would seem as though my calling the bottom, I was just, some might say early, others might just say wrong. That having been said, I think we are seeing more signs of California bottoming out and the rest of the country or much of the rest of the country is probably a pace or two behind.
Rob Berkley: Ryan, thanks for the question and long story short, obviously we have both the tools and the expertise to write both non-admitted and admitted. I mean, ultimately what it really boils down to is when some of those exposures make their way back into the standard market is that something that we think is a sensible use of our capital, when the standard market, if it were to become more competitive at that time, do we still think that it's a good use of capital? So do we have the ability to do it? Yes, but we'll need to look at the pricing, the terms and conditions and my colleagues will have to reach a conclusion as to whether they think it's sensible or not. So the tools and the capabilities, yes and colleagues will have to decide whether it makes sense or not.
Rob Berkley: Our expectation is that it's going to start with a two indefinitely. Is it possible there could be some extraordinary something or other that could change that? Yes, of course. But at this stage, you know, we feel that we are in a good place and that this is very sustainable.
Rob Berkley: I think the takeaway should be how hard we are pushing on the commercial auto rate and the markets accepting it to a great extent.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So, Mark, what I would offer you for your consideration is that we feel comfortable that we are outpacing comfortably our view on trend or certainly without a doubt keeping up with it and likely outpacing it.
Rob Berkley: The answer is the 2% to 3% is probably in the right zip code, it may be up a little bit from there. As far as how much of our portfolio is cat exposed? You know, that's become perhaps a more complicated question than it once was because of what we've seen happen with wildfire and SCS over the past several years. So I don't have a percentage for you as to what's exposed to quake or particularly as we get earth quake apparently now in the northeast or exactly what is exposed to wind. We're happy to pick up the conversation offline, but we have a view that cat load has had to evolve from how people thought about it just a few years ago. So the short answer is, I don't have a percentage for you, but we're happy to further the conversation if you like.
Rob Berkley: We have, I think, as we've discussed in the past, we have a view as to what the real book value of the business is, putting aside the various accounting principles. We have a view as to what we think the earnings power of the business is. And obviously we know what the stock is trading at. And when we see an opportunity to step in and buy the stock and in what we view as an attractive manner for the shareholders, we will do so. But at this stage, we have not felt as though it's the best mechanism to return capital to shareholders.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Audra, thank you very much and thank you to all for finding time to dial in. We appreciate your interest in the company. Again, I think by any measure, a very strong quarter. But perhaps, at least from my perspective, more interesting, more exciting is how the stage is set for what will not just be the balance of this year, but likely more and more what 2025 will shape up to be. Thank you. Take care. Bye, bye.
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. As you mentioned, we're off to a terrific start in 2024, with record quarterly operating income driven by record net investment income and our best first quarter underwriting income. Operating income increased 53.4% to $423 million or $1.56 per share, with an annualized operating return on beginning of year equity of 22.7%. Net income increased 50.4% to $442 million or $1.64 per share, with an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 23.7%. Our growth in net premiums written accelerated to 10.7% to a record of almost $2.9 billion. Rate improvement and exposure growth continue to contribute to the increase in our top line. Before discussing the segment results, we reclassified a program management business from the insurance segment to the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment. This reclassified business has similar characteristics to one of our reinsurance operations already in the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment and has common management for both operations. And accordingly, reclassifications have been made to the company's 2023 financial information to conform this presentation. Having said that, the insurance segment increased net premiums written by a 11.9% to more than $2.4 billion and the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 4.2% to more than $400 million. Pretax underwriting income increased 31.8% to $309 million and our calendar year combined ratio improved 1.8 points from the prior year to 88.8%. The current accident year combined ratio ex cats was flat year-over-year at 87.7%. A reduction in the current accident year catastrophe losses contributed to a benefit of 80 basis points to the calendar year loss ratio of 60.2%. Cat losses were $31 million or 1.1 loss ratio points in the current quarter versus $48 million or 1.9 loss ratio points in the first quarter of 2023. Combining this improvement along with the prior year favorable development of approximately $1 million brings our first quarter 2024 accident year loss ratio ex cats to 59.1%. The slight uptick in the ratio from the prior year is due to business mix. Expense ratio improved 20 basis points to 28.6% due to a non-recurring benefit associated with compensation. We remain confident that our 2024 full year expense ratio should be comfortably below 30%, even with the previously announced new start-up operating unit expenses. Pretax net investment income grew 43.2% to a record $320 million in the current quarter. Our core portfolio increased more than 63%, which was influenced by Argentine inflation linked securities. We don't expect the remainder of 2024 to benefit as significantly from much of these securities which have matured in the first quarter. Partially offsetting this benefit is a loss of $29 million from investment funds. As you may recall, we report investment funds on a one quarter lag and since our first quarter represents the fourth quarter of the year for investment funds, we believe their mark-to-market process is more rigorous due to financial statement audits. The two primary fund strategies for the current quarter's loss were transportation and financial services. To synthesize this down for the second quarter of 2024, we expect investment funds will have less impact from mark-to-market and perform more like they did in the fourth quarter of 2023, as we expect the Argentine inflation linkers to do as well. We had very strong operating cash flow of $746 million in the first quarter, an increase of almost 68% compared with last year. The combination of new money rate above the roll off yields on our fixed maturity portfolio and increasing investable asset base, the company is well positioned for a future investment income growth. In addition, credit quality of the portfolio remains at a AA minus, duration increased from 2.4 years to 2.5 years in the first quarter. The effective tax rate increased to 23% in the first quarter and we expect this to remain elevated throughout 2024 when compared to the prior year. The amount of foreign income and its contribution to the global earnings of the company at tax rates greater than 21% statutory rate in the U.S. will likely result in a higher annual expected effective tax rate. Our stockholders equity remains very strong at a record $7.8 billion, despite an increase in unrealized losses and currency translation losses of $98 million in the quarter. Book value per share was $30.34 at quarter end, an increase of 4.4% from year end and 14.7% over the prior year quarter. With that, Rob, I'll turn it back to you.
Rich Baio: So Rob had alluded to earlier, the impact, excluding Latin America, in terms of our book yield being 4.2%. If we were to look to the prior period, a year earlier, if you will, just to show an appreciation for the increase in the domestic portfolio, that would have been around 3.6%. So certainly saw some pick-up there in regards to our overall yield. We did have a majority of our Argentine positions mature in the first quarter. And so for that reason, that's why we're saying that we would not anticipate the same level of investment income that we saw in the first quarter of this year, but would anticipate that we would get back down to a more leveled basis, as it relates to the Latin American portfolio in the second quarter and it will continue to decrease as the remainder of those inflation linkers mature throughout the remainder of this year.
Rich Baio: I think certainly with social inflation, some of our loss picks maybe are slightly higher than where they had been the year earlier, but it really is just a mix of the business that's just rising that.
Rich Baio: It's really driven by the underwriting performance. So we had very strong cash collections on a net premiums basis. And then our paid losses, as Rob alluded to earlier from the paid loss ratio perspective was very low as well. And so the combination of those two items was really the biggest driver.
