Rob Berkley: Emma, thank you very much and good afternoon all and thank you for finding time to join us for our Q1 call. On this end of the call in addition to myself, you also have Bill Berkley, Executive Chair; as well as Rich Baio, our Group CFO. We are going to follow the usual agenda, where I am in short order, going to hand it over to Rich. He’s going to walk through the highlights of the quarter. Then once he’s completed his comments, I will tag along with a few of my own observations and shortly thereafter we will be opening it up for Q&A and happy to take the conversation in any direction participants would like to do so. That having been said, but before I do hand it over to Rich, because I always like to steal at least a little bit of his thunder though, I don’t think the comments will come as a surprise to anyone that’s had an opportunity to review the release. It was a terrific quarter for the organization really by any metric to say the least. And quite frankly, we were able to achieve these results because of the efforts of the full team across the country and around the world all working together to achieve these types of outcomes. I think what’s important to that point is to just remind ourselves and remind each other that this effort, this is a team sport, as I have commented in the past, it’s not an individual sport. And quite frankly, this isn’t rocket science what we are doing. Yes, we are very fortunate that we have a lot of very intelligent people on the team working very hard, but a lot of our success comes about because of discipline, because we focus on blocking and tackling in a thoughtful and consistent way every day, because we are not only consumed by what’s in the rearview mirror, but we are paying close attention to what we see out the front windshield. It seems like common sense, but quite frankly, it requires great effort every day, and again, I think, we are achieving these types of results because of the efforts of the full team. So congratulations to all. I think beyond just the results, which again, I think, speak for themselves, I would suggest that perhaps what’s as if not more exciting is quite frankly how the table has been set for what is likely going to be a very strong balance of 2022. Additionally, how things are being setup for what should be a very strong 2023. And with every passing day, there are more pieces being put into place that would suggest that it’s more likely than not that 2024 will also be very promising as well. So we as an organization continue to be very focused on building book value. We have an obsession around the concept of risk adjusted return. I think that came into focus not just in this quarter, but in our ability to generate good returns regardless of what may have happened on the cash front in any quarter. It’s the consistency of strong results that differentiate us in the marketplace. So, with that, let me hand it over to Rich to walk us through some of the highlights and I will be back on the heels of his comments. Rich, if you would, please.
Rob Berkley: So --my, well, first, thanks for the question, and second of all, when we look at the submission flow that’s coming into our specialty businesses in general, in particular, the E&S businesses, but the specialty businesses in general, it was very strong in the quarter. My observation from a distance, and again, we are much, much, much more a specialty player than not. But it would seem, again, from a distance that the standard market, they have a very firm view as to what is in their appetite, what isn’t in their appetite. And if it’s out of their appetite, they -- we did out of there very quickly and very abruptly. But if it’s staying in their appetite, they seem to be apparently very, very aggressive. It’s almost that they don’t understand the inflationary environment that we are operating in. But we are a specialty player more than that, so maybe I am mistaken. Long story short, flow of submissions remains very encouraging, and quite frankly, in particular, noticed March was particularly strong. So there’s really nothing that we are seeing that would suggest that the momentum is getting derailed in the specialty specifically E&S space, I think was your question, but across the Board.
Rob Berkley: We -- it’s not lost on us, how leveraged some of these assumptions are. I think, as Elyse, we have discussed in the past on calls like this, we are just not going to push it. It’s a complicated environment with a lot of unknowns. The business is running from our perspective quite well. We think we are on a good trajectory. But, again, when we do the math, we think that it’s a pretty healthy delta.
Rob Berkley: Look, I think, we will not have clarity around that other than through the passage of time. That having been said, clearly, there was a pinch point, if you will, in the claims activity due to COVID, though, we think it’s gradually catching up. From my perspective, I think, we are in a pretty good place, and to my many colleagues credit, I think much of the improvement you are seeing is as a result of their efforts and their performance. And having been said, we will have greater clarity to your question with time and I would be reluctant to try and answer it in a definitive way, but certainly there are a lot of encouraging signs. But that having been said, that’s why we are carrying the loss picks in a -- what I would define as a thoughtful and measured manner, and not wanting to declare victory prematurely. But even with that taking a measured approach, obviously, the business continues to perform at a very healthy return with or without gain.
Rob Berkley: Well, I don’t think, I think actually with every passing day, the underwriting years become more seasoned and we can -- we -- the policy is I should say become more seasoned. We have greater clarity as to what the ultimate outcome will be. But, obviously, during COVID, there was a bit of a pinch point in the legal system and how quickly things were getting resolved. From our perspective, with every passing day, we have more clarity around the 2020 and 2021 year, and we are refining our views. But even as I said with a -- what I would define as a thoughtful and measured loss pick, we are still comfortably clearing that hurdle by what would be measured in hundreds of basis points.
Rob Berkley: Well, everybody wants to be special. I guess we all are special, right? But putting that aside, look, we certainly have -- we do have peripheral vision, but we spend a lot of time just trying to focus on what we need to be doing, what our goals are, how we need to execute. And are there -- one of the things at least I think is important to keep in mind and you may want to consider is that as opposed to past cycles of becoming more and more of the cases that different product lines are marching through the cycle on their own, they are not all in perfect lockstep. So as a result of that different product lines are in different places. There are certain product lines where we are watching the competition increase. There are certain product lines where we are watching the competition diminish. But, overall, in the specialty space, the competitors that we view as real competitors, the ones that we respect. They are basically the same names today as they were two years ago. We have been doing the specialty business, if you will. It’s been a focus of ours since 1979. So it’s not that the world is stagnant. It’s not that any of us live in a vacuum. Obviously, it’s continuing to change. But we have a lot of expertise. We got a lot of data. We got a lot of intellectual capital, and quite frankly, tribal knowledge and relationships that exist within the organization and I think that that bodes well for us. But that all having been said, in spite of a lot of the chatter, we -- the competitors that we respect today tend to be, by and large the same list that existed two years, three years, four years, five years ago.
Rob Berkley: Well, look, I think, to your point, it takes time for this to come through and we will have to see how it develops. The assumption that I am making or a statement or that I was suggesting or that I was alluding to around 2020 -- the balance of this year, 2023 and 2024, first off, obviously, we all know how you write -- the timing difference between written versus earned. Second of all, as far as next year goes, clearly some of the business that we write on the reinsurance side that positions us well. I think the other piece is that we understand what new money rates are and we know what that’s going to mean for our economic model as well. So, again, with every passing day, as I suggested, the table is being set for tomorrow. Are we banking on positive reserve developments in the statement I made? No, sir, we are not doing that. Do I think that we are being measured in our picks and there is a certainly a chance that things could work out better than what we are carrying the reserves at? Yes, I do. Will that come into focus over time as we have more clarity? That is the expectation. But in part, as I think we have discussed as a group in the past, COVID perhaps has created a delay and how quickly things are coming into focus. I think there are some people that would suggest that there’s a year, maybe 18 months of a delay in aspects of the legal system and we are just not going to declare victory prematurely. So it’s going to take some time. We are going to see how things play out over the coming quarters and into next year, and as we have more clarity, you will see us, taking the action that we think is appropriate with the loss picks that we are currently carrying.
Rob Berkley: Ultimately from our perspective as I suggested earlier there’s certainly evidence that would suggest there continues to be great opportunity for specialty players. I can’t promise to anyone, including myself what tomorrow will bring, but I can share with you my interpretation of the available data. And when we look at the strength of the submission flow particularly in the specialty space and including the E&S space and the quarter including what we saw later in the quarter we are feeling pretty good about it. Could -- May or June or something could have turned out to be something very different? Absolutely. Do I see that as the likely outcome? No, sir, I do not.
Rob Berkley: So, from my perspective -- well, a couple of things, Ryan. First off, I think, we need to and I think you have, but I am not sure if others have, given appropriate consideration to what this change in interest rate environment means for our economic model. And I tried to flag that when you think about what our book to yield is today versus what our new money rate is and where that’s likely to go. But let’s put the investments to the side for a moment. The other piece is, every day that we are writing business in 2022 that goes by and we are earning it in over 12 months and we are achieving rate that we believe is comfortably above trend that bodes well for what the outcome is likely to be. And number three, I just don’t see things going. It’s not like an on-off switch. The market doesn’t be on a great trajectory and then all of a sudden the bottom falls out. And I guess the last comment and I apologize for being a bit repetitive, but I think that you are going to see certain product lines that have been doing particularly well over the recent past, at some point they are going to peak out. But I think simultaneously some of the product lines that perhaps haven’t been as robust, at some point, you are going to see them start to kick up. So let’s use worker’s compensation as an example, worker’s comp for the past several years, it’s been a very competitive market, state reading bills have been taking the action they have been taking, and ultimately, if history is any indicator for what is what we should all be expecting, eventually it will end in tears for the industry. Commercial lines -- workers comp is one of the largest components of the commercial lines marketplace. When that turns that is going to be offsetting my, is what I am suggesting. Other product lines that may have peaked and are go the other way. So, again, I think that there is a lot of momentum out there today. I think that there are a lot of pieces in place that will bode well for tomorrow. And I think that there’s the argument that you are going to be seeing as the cycle has changed and our product lines aren’t marching in lockstep, you are going to see other things that will come along and perhaps lift certain portfolios for certain carriers.
Rob Berkley: And just as a reminder, we have a lot of runway ahead of us, because the average duration of our liabilities is, Rich, I believe it’s about four years, yeah.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Not really. Quite frankly, I think, what does it mean? Obviously, on the surface, I mean, we wrote less Reinsurance business than Insurance business or Reinsurance and Access business. But I would suggest that people not least to any conclusions on that. We obviously are paying attention to it, but we are not really bothered by it at all and we will see what the balance of the year holds. But, again, I would encourage you not to read too deeply into that. Well, we will see what unfolds from here.
Rob Berkley: Look, we look at everything we buy and we think about, is it something that we think makes sense? How do we think about the risk and the return? How do we think about the volatility? How do we think about the rate that we are paying? And ultimately, we also have a panel of reinsurers. Some are our partners. Some are people that are just people that we trade with. So, long story short, we have the luxury of buying Reinsurance when we think it makes economic sense for the company to a great extent, because, again, we as an organization are not a big limited player. For the most part, approximately 90% or so of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. At the same time, we buy when we think it makes sense for the shareholders, and at the same time, of course, we are conscious of our long-term relationships with our partners on the Reinsurance side. So long story short, we are happy with how we are and we look at what makes sense for the company.
Rob Berkley: Look, the long story short, one you need to understand that’s an aggregation of 57 different operating units. Number -- so please keep that in mind. Number two is it enough if you will push in or we appropriately taking into account the risk? I guess, the short answer is that, yeah, I think, so, my colleagues that are selective on pricing risk are I think very skilled, very thoughtful and generally speaking very experienced and it’s not like it’s just whatever being thrown over the transom or spaghetti being thrown against a loan, we see what sticks. These people are experts in their field, they understand the exposures and they are able to make judgments as to what’s an appropriate rate. So is that the right number? I guess we will all see with time, but do I think it’s sensible and reasonable? Yes, I do.
Rob Berkley: Social inflation persists, anyone who doesn’t see it, probably, they needs to flip on their glasses or look a little closer and anyone who doesn’t appreciate again it’s a very much a reality. It’s more severe in certain regions of the country than others. But I would say just generally speaking it’s pervasive across the nation. There’s probably a variety of contributing factors. Clearly society is opening up and that includes the legal system. Have we completely caught up? Probably not. But are we in the process of catching up? Yes, gradually, would be my estimation.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Not really. Honestly my -- yeah, I got a lot of colleagues that could probably answer the question better than I, but based on my engagement with them and what they have shared with me, I think it is still a very good market for us and we are looking forward to making continuing to make as much as hey as we can while the opportunity continues to present itself. But, no, we are -- the standard market they see, again, based on the flow that we are seeing, they seem to continue to be in a moment where they are contracting much of their appetite. But again, from a distance, it looks like whatever is still within their strike zone, they are really leaning into. And it’s bizarre to me, just to digress for a moment. It kind of makes me wonder. Do they really understand what the impacts of social inflation? Are they fully contemplating certain aspects of economic inflation and what that may mean for their portfolio, that may not necessarily be being captured in the exposure component. But, look, they -- we got enough to worry about on our end just with the business that we all work for and I am sure they know what they are doing, so we wish them well and we hope they wish us the best, too.
Rob Berkley: Rich, can -- do you have the number handy. Forgive me, Josh, I don’t have it off the top of my head. Rich if you don’t have it, Josh can we circle back to you.
Rob Berkley: Josh, from my perspective no different than on the investment side, we have a lot of very capable people that understand the goal of the exercise is a good risk adjusted return, but obviously with an eye towards total return. From -- when we think about it, we are happy to wait all day long for our picks and I think the teams have done a great job doing that over the years. So there’s a lot of challenge and there’s a lot of opportunity out there and I expect they will continue to do a great job separating the wheat from the chaff. But I don’t think we have any specifics and I don’t know you may have additional comments.
Rob Berkley: Nothing that’s particularly noteworthy at this stage and that’s not leading that one way or the other, it’s just we for a lot of it, we don’t have the information yet. A lot of the funds, it takes them some time to get the marks and deliver it to us so. We will see how it plays out. But we don’t have clarity to share with you at this stage.
Rob Berkley: But just one thing to the extent that it’s helpful, we are not a heavy participant in the tech space, if you would, if that’s of interest.
Rob Berkley: As far as commercial auto, I think that there’s clearly a shortage of drivers. It’s been a problem. It’s a bigger problem today than it was yesterday, but it was a problem yesterday. Clearly, training and experience is also something that I think one needs to recognize and what does that mean? Presumably, people take that into account. We are certainly trying to take it into account when we are looking at exposures and how we underwrite, whether it be purely in the underwriting and the data and the information that we collect on the employees and the hiring practices and so on and the training, obviously we are getting into that in our loss engineering or loss control as well. So it’s an important piece and I share the question, and quite frankly, the concern. Brian, I would suggest that one could expand that a bit even beyond the challenges that a commercial auto space faces to the broader. The reality is it’s a very tight labor market and I think as we have shared the observation in the past, often times that will lead to people working overtime. That’s when things sometimes can go wrong. In addition to that, oftentimes you will have people that are not as well trained in positions and that can lead to unfortunate situations as well. As far as the professional liability space, I would suggest that you are not read too much into it. There is one piece of the professional liability space that I think we have an appropriate level of severe caution around and that is large law firms and that may be a contributing factor to what you are referring to. But generally speaking, we still see a lot of opportunity in the vast majority of the professional space and it’s still a cyclical business, but at the moment and for the foreseeable future, we like the opportunities.
Rob Berkley: So, first off, certainly, a meaningful percentage is coming from the high net worth operation, but it’s also coming from lots of other parts of the business that are writing property. So it’s not all on their shoulders. It’s shared amongst many. And as far as your specific questions on the high net worth space, as far as I am concerned, while I am sure there are some outside of the organization that may disagree. I think by a wide margin we have the best team in the business and it’s all about knowledge, expertise, and quite frankly, how they work as a team. So I think the value proposition that they bring to the marketplaces is second to none and I think that is quite frankly reflected in how the distribution and by extension customers are responding and engaging with them. So, lots of good momentum there and I think it’s really just a reflection of the people.
Rob Berkley: So we have to say limited would probably be overstating it dramatically, we are closer to none than limited. And during the quarter, I think, we had claims associated with that. Rich, correct me if I am wrong, but I think it was about $2.5 million.
Rob Berkley: So, again, it’s a very concerning situation. Our hearts go out to those that are affected. But as far as the business and the exposure on the underwriting side or the investment side, it’s barely rounding is that.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Emma, thank you very much. We appreciate your assistance to the call and also thank you very much to all those that dialed in. We appreciate your engagement too. I think, again, as I suggested earlier, the quarter clearly speaks for itself. I think that what is more exciting and hopefully appreciated by those that are observing the business is not just performing well today, but everything is sort of lined up planets and stars for us to have a very, very attractive 2022, likely 2023 and ever more increasingly likely 2024 as well. So, thanks for dialing in and we will talk to you in 90 days or so. Take care. Good night.
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. The company continues to operate extremely well, as Robert pointed out, reporting record quarterly underwriting income and net investment gains, both of which led to the 157% growth to record quarterly net income of $591 million or $2.12 per share on a common stock split affected basis. Operating earnings also improved 52% to $307 million or $1.10 per share on a common stock split affected basis. The primary contributors were improvement in underwriting results by 2.3 points to a calendar year combined ratio of 87.8% and growth in net investment income of almost 9.5%. Going more into the details with our top line first, gross premiums written grew 15.1% to a quarterly record of approximately $2.9 billion. Net premiums written also grew 17.7% to a record of more than $2.4 billion. The higher growth in net premiums written is driven by our decision to retain more business, which is evident by the lower session rate. In the Insurance segment, all lines of business grew generating a combined 19.2% increase to total net premiums written of almost $2.1 billion. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment also increased 9.6% to more than $300 million, driven by growth in casualty Reinsurance and Monoline Excess. This represents the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in premium, which will continue to earn through the income statement and can be seen by the higher growth rate and net premiums earned compared with net premiums written. Record pretax quarterly underwriting income of $274 million surpassed multiple quarterly records last year. The quarter improved $92 million in more than 50% over the prior year. Catastrophe losses were well within expectations at $29 million or 1.3 loss ratio points. This compares with $36 million or 1.9 loss ratio points in the first quarter of 2021. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved 0.6 loss ratio points to 58.3%, primarily driven by rate improvement, prior year loss reserves developed favorably by almost $1 million in the current quarter, bringing our calendar year loss ratio to 59.5%. Expense ratio is in line with expectations at 28.3%, reflecting an improvement of 1.2 points over the prior year’s quarter. As previously mentioned, the growth in net premiums earned continues to benefit the expense ratio, even with higher fixed costs coming from compensation, a new operating unit and increase in travel and entertainment. In summary, these components contributed to our current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes of 86.5% for the quarter, compared with 88.4% for the first quarter of 2021. Net investment income increased almost 9.5% to $174 million for the quarter. The growth is primarily related to an improvement in investment funds of 33.6% and the core portfolio of 11.7%. Investment funds outperformed in the real estate, financial services and transportation funds, and the core portfolio benefited from rising interest rates and dividends received on equity securities. The investment portfolio also maintained the same duration of 2.4 years and credit quality of a AA-. In addition, our strong operating cash flow has enabled us to put more money to work, despite retaining a significant position in cash and cash equivalents of approximately $2.1 billion. Record pretax net investment gains in the quarter of $366 million is primarily made up of net realized gains on investments of $277 million and the change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $93 million. The key contributor to the realized gains was the sale of the real estate investment in London of $317 million gross or $251 million net of transaction expenses and the foreign currency impact, including the reversal of the currency translation adjustment. Corporate expenses increased primarily due to performance-based compensation arising in connection with the record level of earnings. The effective tax rate was 19% in the quarter, reflecting a one-time benefit from the release of a valuation allowance arising from the utilization of tax attributes, as well as investments in tax exempt securities and dividend paying equity securities. Stockholders’ equity increased to almost $6.9 billion as of the end of the first quarter, representing an increase of 3.2% over the prior year end. Book value per share before dividends increased 3.5% in the quarter and would have marginally increased even without the gain from the sale of the real estate investment in London. The annualized return on beginning of year equity was 35.5% for the quarter and 18.5% on an operating earnings basis. Rob, I will turn it back to you for further comments.
Rich Baio: We, in total, it was about a $1 million of favorable development and we don’t typically provide the split between segments. We disclose that information in the 10-Q.
Rich Baio: Yeah. I was going to say, I think, it might be attributed to the incentive compensation, because we obviously accrue throughout the year based on our best views of what the year is going to play out for. But then, ultimately, we wait until the year ends and then make any adjustments with regards to bonus accruals that are going to get paid out, profit sharing, long-term incentive comp and the like.
Rich Baio: Josh we have disclosed in the supplemental information, I think, that was page seven. I believe from memory the movement from year end to the end of first quarter was about $425 million after tax.
Rich Baio: I think it would seem as though at least in the recent past the primary comp market has been notably competitive. It would be wrong to suggest that the excess comp is not competitive, but I would suggest that the primary comp is probably even more so. Obviously that varies based on region or specialty, but we have noticed in the comp market putting aside rating bureau action. We have seen certain players looking for ways to buy market share through increase in commissions. We have seen examples where it would appear as though people are miscategorizing exposures in order to justify how they can write premium. And again, Josh, look at my crystal ball is no clearer than anyone else’s, probably would help if I change the batteries in it. But long story short, I think, comp is going to have a bumpy road over the next, I don’t know more than 12 months, less than 36 months. But that’s just one person’s personal view.
Bill Berkley: I would only say that we think that the uncertainty of inflation when it is going to end and how quickly it ends, as well as issues about flow of funds, as well as investments of the fed in non-government securities, all together make us want to be a little hesitant. For now if you said, you want your duration to go from 2.4 years to 2.5 years, yeah, that would be great. You want us your duration go to three years now? I don’t think so. So we are happy where we are going out a little bit maybe, but we are not yet comfortable that this is where we should start to move it out.
Bill Berkley: No. I think that we over the past year reduced our exposure in real estate by a substantial amount. But I think we are constantly opportunistic in looking individually at the kinds of things we do and we will continue to do that. so…
Bill Berkley: …if we have no individual particular thing that’s going to make us change your mind I know at least that I can see.
