Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Scarlet, okay, we are going to pause on our end here and we would appreciate if you could open it up for questions.
Robert Berkley: Yes. So, I wouldn’t want you to read too much into this. So, what we are seeing and we have commented on this in the past couple of quarters is there has been some awards that are coming out of the court. The numbers are somewhat inflated compared to what one has seen over the past few years. So, we continue to be very comfortable with our reserves. We think that we are in a very good position. At the same time, given the nature of our business, we want to make sure that we have our head fully around that.
Robert Berkley: Sure. So, let me try and take those in order. So, on the property cat front, the answer is considerably more than the market will bear today and that’s why you see us shrinking. As far as the broader commentary about the reinsurance market around the casualty and professional, I think the reality is the reinsurance market while the issue started some years ago in the property cat is spilled over into as we have commented in the past to the casualty and professional market. I think the pricing in those parts of the market have been challenging to say the least and I think for those that have not been cautious over the past couple of years are likely to be in for a rude awakening. I think the differences property cat, the wind blows or the earth shakes and it comes into focus very quickly. As opposed to the casualty and the professional lines, it takes time for that to come through. The problem with that is it allows people to make mistakes from a more extended period of time which then compounds the problem. As far as where we think the opportunities are the insurance market, I don’t think it’s in the best interest of the people that we work for to get granular as to where our best margins are. I would suggest that if you have a look at Page 6 of our release, it gives you a sense as to where we are growing. So, I think that clearly the insurance market. And for that matter, I would define the specialty insurance market is a better place to be today as it has been for the past few years than the reinsurance market. We will have to say whether that’s that case in the future.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, at this stage, I think it would be premature for us to even speculate as to what our exposure is. Having said that, given when we look at it on maps where our rooftops are, we don’t view this as being an earth-shattering event for us at all.
Robert Berkley: We look at our reserves on a quarterly basis. I would tell you that we are focused on erring on the side of caution. And when we pick our loss picks initially, we error on the side of caution and as they season out, we then tighten them up, but no, I would not read into the comment or the number or assume that, that is trying to lead you in a direction that this is the new norm one way or the other.
Robert Berkley: I’m sorry, the non-threatening loss maps, when we look at on a map, it hits to the best of our ability and of course we have loss ratio caps and things like that with much of the reinsurance that we write to. So, again from our perspective, while it’s likely that this is going to be a $5 billion to $10 billion event for the industry, we think we will be notably underweighted as usual.
Robert Berkley: Well, I will offer a quick comment and then I will turn it over to my boss, who is more in touch. I think the recent announcement of an inversion and our industry has gotten the attention of many, including one Mr. Paul Ryan and he has – I don’t know his office has publicly expressed a view about that inversion and just the overall ability to do that and actually they offer some comments beyond that as well, but I will pause there and leave it to you.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Honestly, it’s hard for us to comment on what’s going on in other organizations, we no different than presumably others on the call today. We do the simple math based on public information and when the pieces aren’t adding up, it kind of makes you pause. I don’t know, how people are thinking about it. I would be surprised if it turned out that the industry loss during the quarter was so much lower that somehow all of a sudden that was the variable that wasn’t making sense. But again, I can’t comment on other people, what I can tell you is in our case, we are carrying a very large amount of IBNR relative to case as it relates to storms. And that again is just in keeping with our philosophy around claims and erring on the side of caution early on and tightening it up over time, but there certainly is evidence that would then the question whether that is the approach that others are taking. I guess there is also the possibility that yes, there is some large participants that haven’t announced a number yet, but even if you take that handful and you apply a big number to them, it doesn’t fill the gap or anything close to it. So, the short answer is I don’t know, but I think at some point something is going to have to give and it’s going to come into focus. And in the meantime, I think as people may recognize the pain over time that may not be a bad thing from the perspective of a hardening market, because it’s going to be a slow drip of pain, it’s not just a quick shot. If you recall back after Andrew years and years ago, you saw a quick spike and then it started to erode quickly. Maybe that won’t be the case here.
Robert Berkley: I am not going to speculate as to what we think the industry loss is. I think anyone who pays attention like I am sure you are doing and others on the phone do, you look at the level of destruction and you hear the stories and then you try and dial it down for the media component that tends to sensationalize things it’s still a horrific situation at best. I think the scale of the loss I think we will have to see with time, I think that there are lot of questions around Maria, I think there are lot of questions around mortgage exposure in general. I think the mortgage insurance industry, I don’t know what their exposure is to Puerto Rico, but certainly, their exposure to Texas is very material. I don’t know how the movie plays out, if you sort of roll it forward and you have someone who has the house worth $100,000 or so and they didn’t have flood insurance, the house is trashed and they don’t have enough money, because they don’t have flood insurance to rebuild the house. I don’t know what that means when all of a sudden they go back to the bank and hand them the keys. So, there are a lot of questions there and really quite frankly, there are no answers at this stage. I think the other big wild card as we have talked about stemming from these storms is business interruption. And it tends to be one that people tend to overlook, people tend to think of when there is a catastrophe solely on the property loss or what happened to the structure, but the BI is not something that some that folks should underestimate.
Robert Berkley: Yes, we are very comfortable as to our numbers as I suggested earlier. And in addition to that, if there was an unforeseen event between now and our renewals, we are as comfortable today as we were before the series of events.
Robert Berkley: I think that ultimately our re-insurers have supported us for an extended period of time. And our view is that they should acknowledge or recognize our results and how we have served them well by protecting their capital just like we protect our own and that’s been demonstrated by the results.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Unfortunately, it would seem as though the fire alarm is going off in our building. And as a result of that, we are going to have to cut the call a little bit short, so please accept our apologies. Obviously, if you have further questions, by all means feel free to reach out to Karen, to Rich, myself and we will be pleased to answer those questions. And again, from our perspective on a relative basis, we think the results were pretty good given the circumstances. And finally, we are well-positioned if the market conditions change as we think they might take full advantage of it. Thank you again for calling in. Bye-bye.
Bill Berkley: Hi, this is Bill. We actually don’t try – we don’t try and mark everything to market to a quarterly date. What we have said was we carried that building at cost and it was amongst the list of assets that we went through in a general sense to get people to understand why we valued our assets more highly than the marketplace or the balance sheet stated them to be and therefore we have a number of other buildings. We have other things just different than our ownership in HealthEquity was suddenly mark-to-market when we owned less than 20%, because we no longer equity accounts because at one point, we owned a lot more than 20%. We were trying to get people to understand that difference, but it’s not really something that we are going to try and do on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And Mark, everything we own to market, so everybody can try and keep their track. We continue to have substantial assets that are carried at very far under the fair market value to sell and we expect that it will continue to generate realized gains or as we have said we expect that we will more than $100 million a year for the foreseeable future as we sell from these assets and create hopefully additional investments to give us realized gains.
Bill Berkley: I can’t give you an answer to that. It’s going to come from various things, because HealthEquity was not mark-to-market. Now, its mark-to-market, some of the gains will come as and when we sell shares in HealthEquity, they will be coming from various things. We have a fairly wide array of things that we own and it will be a mixture of those things.
Bill Berkley: I think that we should understand that our argument is it makes no sense for a company that’s based in Dublin or Bermuda or the Cayman Islands to the write the same business that originates in the United States and a company based in Hartford or Greenwich or Des Moines or Dallas to write that same business and us to pay as domestic companies to pay full taxes and those companies today with little or no taxes. It was never the intention of tax writers it was an oversight and not a plan. The argument – the international companies put forth is we need their capacity. They are not here, because they are offering capacity there here to make money. At some point, people in Washington realized they are not offering their capacity to be nice, they are offering their capacity to make money. They compete with us everyday. Nothing will change when the tax laws change. I think the people in Washington are seeing it and they are seeing the same thing in reverse happening to many of our technology companies in Europe, where Europeans are saying you have to pay tax here to get business there. So, I think you are seeing it now. The same ideas are expanding in many industries. So, I think the tax writers in Washington are recognizing. It makes no sense that the business originates here you should pay tax and the business that originates here, I think we are getting a much more positive view about it having seen [indiscernible], which was one of our leading partners effectively emerge with an offshore company and get the benefits of that substantially lower tax rate and now just last week assurance doing the same thing effectively in an inversion. They are watching billions of dollars leave the country.
