Robert Berkley: Yes. I think, you could be reading a little more deeply into the comment was meant in a broader sense. But let me take the opportunity to make some general comments. First of all, we come up with our initial loss picks, we tend to air what I would define is on the more conservative side with the idea that, as the losses season out, we will tighten those up. And that’s why – I don’t know, again, how many quarters it’s been, but that’s why you consistently see the positive development. We continue to take that approach. We think it’s the sound and measured approach. I think, there is more inflation in the system and I think a lot of people get disproportionately focused on financial inflation and may not fully appreciate the other types of inflation that can have an impact on loss costs. When we look at what’s going on, yes, there in some cases maybe a need for rate. But one of the tricky parts, particularly perhaps for someone who is in the position or has the visibility that you have is, there are a lot of levers that one can pull and push other than rate. And whether it be attachment point, whether it be terms and conditions, whether this be classes of business that you pivot into or pivot away from. So my point, the reason why I raised it was not us at all thinking that our loss picks were an issue. Actually, we continue to feel very comfortable with them. It is more and making the point that there are a lot of things that are potentially changing and there are a lot of people in the industry that may not have a lot of experience with this type of change. Fortunately, for us by and large, our underwriters are very seasoned, which is typically the case in the specialty line. So there is a lot of experience know-how as to when you have an inflationary type environment, how do you manage that and what levers do you push and pull.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Well, first of all, as far as asbestos analogy, I think that apples and oranges. And the big difference is policy limits and aggregate limits that backed on the asbestos period didn’t exist the way they exist today. Having said that, clearly from a social perspective, the Opioid epidemic is very unnerving and it should be very concerning to all of us as a society. Unfortunately, when terrible things happen oftentimes, the way society deals with it is, they say somebody is going to pay. And whether it’s the manufacturers, or it’s the distributors, or it’s anyone else that even was within a stone’s throw of the situation, they and by extension their carrier, there will probably be an attempt to pull them in. How this is going to play out? Clearly. it is a meaningful situation that one should not shrug off. At the same time, I think, it would be a mistake to suggest that this could be the next asbestos. Could it be meaningful? Yes. Is it the next asbestos? I think likely not. And as far as telc goes honestly, I was left speechless by what came out of the legal system and I think others were as well. I think some have offered some commentary on the venue. And based on historical experience what type of judgments have come out of that venue. I’m not an attorney, I’m not a claims expert. So I can’t offer a view, but I have heard some commentary around that. And again, I’m not a scientist and I have not seen the studies. So I cannot comment whether it is real or whether it’s not an issue. But in any event, there will be a meaningful amount of dollars both spent by the insured, as well as presumably carriers on defense costs amongst other things.
Robert Berkley: Obviously, professional liability is a very broad universe. So to try and paint with one brush would probably not be appropriate or constructive. Certainly, we – there are some parts of the professional liability space that we think we’re in a exceedingly good shape. We’re very happy with the margin, and to the extent we could write more business at that margin or something approaching it, we would be pleased to do so. There are other parts of the marketplace, where our view is that we will either be able to adjust what we believe is the last step to what we think makes sense to do rates through attachment points through terms and conditions. and we will either find a way for that to work to our satisfaction or we will not write the business. In spite of our Insurance segment growing in the quarter, you’ll notice that the professional component was flattish. And if it means that we cannot get to where we need to a certain product lines and we are happy to let the market move away from us and that part of the business will shrink.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Well, we don’t spend an exorbitant amount of time studying what others for our portfolio composition as we spend a lot of time trying to figure out what our portfolio should be. I think, back to the comment earlier around the decisions that were made sometime ago around duration, we are benefiting from that. And quite frankly, one of the things that was also done as we started to put some money into some floating rate, we’re benefiting from that. So the cash has given us a better return. Some of the floating rate stuff is helping and our duration having been short, it allows us to put money out of higher rates.
Robert Berkley: So I’ll give you my two cents and then we hand it over to my boss who also is in-charge of buybacks and dividends amongst other things. My view is that as it’s been suggested in the past by myself and by others that we’re interested in having the optimal amount of capital. At this stage between the underwriting profits, as well as the gains that are coming through in the investment portfolio, particularly out of the alternative components of the investment portfolio, we are generating more capital than we can use. Having said that, every day, we look at what we think our prospects are, what the opportunities are, and where our capital is. And we decide how much capital is available to return to shareholders and whatever we conclude at the most efficient manner. But I’ll pause there and…
Robert Berkley: We’re not a large property cat writer as an organization. So there are probably others that are more suited to comment than I. Having said that, that will keep me from commenting. I was surprised at the seven-ones, but I was even more surprised back at one-one. I thought after what you saw happen in the third quarter and what you saw happen in the fourth quarter, I didn’t think it was possible that this cat reinsurance market was going to be flat sort of, I don’t know, applies, if you will. And again, I don’t understand that part of the market as well as some. But as I’ve suggested in the past and I think others have suggested in the past, when it comes to property cat, you just have this tsunami of alternative capital that I think is keeping a lid on the marketplaces ability to turn as it has historically. I think, again, it’s one of the reasons why some of the lines of business that are not – that are places that alternative capital did not participate in, are showing signs that they are more poised for more of a historical turn.
Robert Berkley: I don’t have those details at my fingertips. And quite frankly, generally speaking, we don’t break it up by product line. But certainly, I would tell you a meaningful amount of it’s rate. The one low inside on the rate fund that we would share with you is, for the group overall, X comp, it was about 3% or so is my recollection. And my recollection is that comp for the quarter was off about 3 points, which incidentally was a lot better than we had expected on the comp.
Robert Berkley: Well, that’s up to you what you choose to do. But my view is that, I think that you are going to see our insurance business grow. I think, it will take a little time for that to come through in the earned premium. In addition to that, we are looking long and hard in the mirror for ways that we can benefit from efficiencies and how we operate without undermining our model or our philosophy. So long story short. We think that there’s a growing amount of evidence that we will be able to write more and hopefully spend less.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean, there’s really a couple of big pieces there. One of them was, what I would define is, cost associated with GDPR and giving ourselves to where we need to be. A lot of that was in the quarter, which was frustrating, but reality. There’s probably a little bit more of that to spillover into the third quarter. And I’m not sure it was 0.500 [ph] and whatever everyone else comes up with what that’s going to be, but one one-time-ish, if you well. The other big piece and again, Rich can give you some more detail, if you’d like. But I would just lay the list and sent their compensation associated with some of these meaningful gains and the higher returns that we’ve been able to generate for shareholders, which obviously there are some expenses associated with that as it relates to remuneration. But the – those two pieces are probably the two big buckets. There’s some other stuff in there, but they’re the two big pieces.
Robert Berkley: Yes. the short answer is, yes. I mean, I think, the benefit why we’re getting a bit more left than some folks may have expected is, because they didn’t appreciate fully our ability to shift gears. And again, that goes back to the benefit of the shorter duration. So we could shift gears quickly. And as things started to move in the direction, we expected that, that uptick is really coming through. So the 3.7 is a real number, a good number. How much better it will get, we’ll have to see where rates go. But it’s certainly things are unfolding as we had hoped for and expected.
Robert Berkley: But just – go ahead, I’m sorry. I was just going to say property is something that we’re paying close attention to. I think, as you can see, what our exposure is to cat of all shapes and sizes that we tend to – tends to be pretty benign for us. We certainly are looking at our property book to make sure that we are pleased with that as we are with our approach to cat management. And as we’ve looked at these exposures and we’ve looked at these losses and peel the few layers back, by and large, we’re looking at the risk and we were saying if you can do it all over again, we would write the business unfortunately sometimes to all mills burned down.
Robert Berkley: But I think, this is not a unique or new type of situation for the insurance industry, right? I mean, we’re famous for always having to learn things the hard way. And we spent much of our lives looking in the wind shear rather the rearview mirrors as opposed to out the windshield. We come up with pricing based on historical data as opposed to, yes, taking the historical data and then find what we see coming our way. So. I think, that it’s really hard for people seemingly to extrapolate from historical data and apply what they know today. We’ve certainly are doing that I can tell you in our organization that we think the combination of the three points of rate that we’ve talked about X comp, along with how we are pivoting the portfolio from a selection attachment point in terms and conditions perspective is going to bode well for us. Honestly, if all we’re doing is sitting there and trying to get another couple of points or rate, I don’t think that would be enough. I think, again, it’s those other levers that you need to use. And I think it’s one of the benefits of our structure that we’re able to see the marketplace at a much more granular level, which allows us to Bob, and we’ve – I think a little more effectively. So ultimately, the pain – the early pain turns into chatter and eventually the chatter converts into action. And when you look at our organization, I think, one of the things that we’ve done reasonably well over time whether it be on the underwriting side or the investment side is, we are looking out the front windshield. We are extrapolating what is that mean we need to do today and we are not willing to trade off tomorrow just to fluff up today.
Robert Berkley: So depending on the tower and where you attach or what the coverages maybe. So again, I think the one of the challenges for folks, particularly when they’re operating from a bit of a distance is, they just do the simple math, because that’s all they have to work with. They say, okay, I think the last pick is this. I think trend is that and you’re getting this much rate and that gives you my answer. The problem is there are other very leverage variables that can be introduced with what I’m referring to.
Robert Berkley: So what we’re suggesting is that often times when you’re in an excess layer you have a certain expectation as to what the loss activity is going to be. And ultimately, to the extent that you see maybe the average claim, if you will, moving up in size maybe you want to move up in the tower.
Robert Berkley: Look, we are a growth line underwriter as an organization and we’re mindful of our relationships with our reinsurers. Undoubtedly, we have a certain appetite for volatility amongst other things. And as a result of that and again in a very transparent way, we pay a premium to our reinsurers to help us manage to our risk appetite. But we are not an organization that is looking to arbitrage people who are supposed to be our partners.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, Brian, generally speaking, we just avoid getting into that level of granularity. We’ve got 54 different businesses and trying to get in some minutiae [ph]. But I would tell you just in general when we talk about professional liability as a space and areas that look hot to us, healthcare would certainly be included in that and Hospital professional liability would certainly be on the list.
Robert Berkley: Look, we – it’s been very well received in the states that they’re in so far. As I commented in the past, the roll out process, both from a regulatory perspective, as well as an IT perspective, certainly doesn’t come easy. I think, some people have tried to jump in and they plan the non-admitted route. And that’s just not the approach that we’re taking. We are building this thing with a long-term perspective. We’re building it, as they say, to last. We’re building it in the right way. And to want to make sure that we have an offering that in spite of the fact that the business in some – is somewhat in its infancy, it has a platform and a service offering that can compete with anyone of any scale. And I think we have achieved that, which is why I believe it’s being well received by distribution and customers really to the point that the people running that business are going to have to at some point decide how long they’re going to let the queue be people who want to do business with them or when they say, we can only have so many partners. I think they’re already selected to begin with. But there’s a lot of demand, if you will, for for the appointment.
Robert Berkley: Look, I think, litigation funding is, and I think we may have talked about this a little bit last quarter is certainly somewhat of a concern, I think, to the industry. They are sophisticated and they have a lot of money. And that’s again, a reality that when people think about loss cost going forward, probably needs to get factored into. As it relates to the auto space, my thought that I would share with you is, I think, you are likely to see us write. Over the next several quarters, we are going to be writing more of that, not less of that. As the rates continue to move up and once we feel as though it’s in the green zone, you’ll see us open up this bit – quite a bit and seems to be moving in that direction. So the loss costs are falling into place, I think, the industry got caught flatfooted for a while, but the industry is catching up.
Robert Berkley: It’s clearly something that we think about both on the underwriting side and even more so on the investment portfolio side. But I probably heard my voice more than enough now. I’ll pause there and hand it over to our Chief Economist.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think a lot of the growth that you’re seeing in the premium under the short-term lines is actually A&H.
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that some of it is going to come out with – come about as a result of technology. I think that when you look at the inefficiencies that exist between the consumer and actually a policy getting issued, when you look at the inefficiencies between a claim occurring and it’s actually the first in receiving their funds, they’re entitled to the number of hands, the multiple entry of information just the tax and the payments go through, it’s just terribly inefficient. And if you look at other parts of financial services or if you look at other industries in general, you’re going to be hard pressed to find the level of operation, which inefficiency that exists both within carriers, as well as distribution. And quite frankly, while it’s a little bit of a third rail, you’re going to be a hard pressed to find the part of financial services, where the customers paying this number of pennies on the dollar for access to the product. So I think there are a lot of examples where it’s not just access that’s being provided. There is true value and service and expertise, but there are a lot of situations where it is just excess. And that’s not just a distribution issue, that’s a carrier issue, where we need to find ways to work together to be able to do all these things more efficiently.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Latif, thank you very much for your assistance. And certainly, thank you to all who called in and for the questions as well. From our perspective, it was very much a strong quarter. The underwriting was what we would have expected, perhaps a little bit better. I think it demonstrates how our ability to pivot the portfolio regardless of the market is sound and it’s a real asset, which again we believe in part we benefit from our structure, which allows us to do that more effectively. In addition to that, clearly as people saw the action that we took on the investment portfolio and what the return was on the core portfolio picking up, those actions that were taken earlier on, those are paying dividends as well. When we look forward to the balance of the year, we see a lot of opportunity, certainly is our hope and expectation that our insurance business will continue to grow to what extent we’re able to accelerate from here. We’ll have to see. We’re increasingly bullish about the reinsurance business outside of the United States. And we are cautiously optimistic about where the reinsurance market domestically will be going. So all things being equal, again, we think it’s a good quarter and we are very much looking forward to the balance of the year and on to 2019. Thank you, again.
Richard Baio: The long and short of it is, our first choice is always to use our capital to grow our business and to expand our business and find opportunities. After that, we look at the alternative uses being the buying back of securities, stock or bonds and the return we get vis-à-vis what we assess as the current value or just simply paying our dividends. It’s a real-time decision make. And we don’t have a plan, for say, that says this is what will do when. However, I would say, there’s anybody who wants to sell a big block of stock, we certainly hope they call us.
Richard Baio: Sorry. Could you repeat, at least, the second-half, if not, the whole question again. You were little bit of a breaking up there.
Richard Baio: It’s Rich. It’s slightly higher on an earned premium basis. It’s about 20 basis points, as I mentioned earlier, but it’s few million dollar difference.
Richard Baio: It had to deal with the property losses that I had alluded to earlier. We could have some player activity in the Insurance segment, that was slightly elevated relative to the prior year.
Richard Baio: So I completely agree with you that there was nothing novel or new or particularly insightful with the three topics that I raised. From our perspective, unfortunately, history would suggest that not only is the industry slow to change, but they only really start to change when they feel pain. We certainly are seeing that in pricing cycles and perhaps we will see that with other types of change in behavior. Ultimately, there’s probably not enough pain in some ways at this stage to change the behavior. Having said that, we are very conscious of the realities of the changing environment. We are very happy to do business in the traditional manner. At the same time, we’re conscious of the fact that ultimately, the customer is king and we need to be in a position to do business anywhere the customer chooses to.
Richard Baio: I think, this is one of our frustrations quite honestly as well. The accounting does really muddy the waters here quite a bit.
Richard Baio: So what effectively wound up happening you might recall when companies adopted this at the beginning of this year is that, they have to re-class their unrealized gains and losses that they had at the – effectively at the year-end of 2017 from AOCI, a component to stockholders equity into retained earnings.
Richard Baio: And so to the extent you sell any of those securities in the 2018 year, because that is already reflected in retained earnings. You can’t duplicate that recognition of income. And so as a result of that, we sold to your point a fair amount of shares in health equity in the second quarter. And as a result of that, we can’t reflect those realized gains a second time. So that’s why that $54 million…
Richard Baio: …that you’re referencing is the negative number, because that’s been reflected in retained earnings already. The second piece is – and there are two moving parts to it, because the $54 million is a net number in terms of the movement in the unrealized gain. And that would be any movements that have been transpired in the second quarter relative to what you had in the first quarter. So we had a movement in an existing equity security that we still own as of the end of second quarter. You’ll see that effect also embedded in that $54 million number.
Ian Gutterman: I shouldn’t say though, I shouldn’t say, the rule make sense. I was saying, Rich’s explanation made sense.
Ian Gutterman: So, Rob, if can go back to the social inflation question. I guess, from a couple of angles. One is, I agree, you’re 100% with everything you said. And some other companies are talking somewhat similarly yet what’s interesting is, we’re not seeing people saying, I can’t grow GL anymore, because I’m worried about the litigation of IMR. I’m not going to grow D&O, or I’m raising my picks. What I mean, it feel like there’s a Lake Wobegon thing if everyone thinking it’s a problem for the industry and not for them.
Ian Gutterman: No, I agree with that. I agree, but I guess what I was thinking about is, if we are worried about frequency of severity, doesn’t moving up mean you just get less premium for a loss that’s now more likely to reach you than maybe say, if you’re going to get the loss and we want a similar premium…
