Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Pretty attractive picture and even a conservative CPA couldn't make it sound anything other than encouraging. So a couple of observations on my end. Obviously, the top-line growth, we're pleased with the progress that we're making relative to the past few quarters. I think this is unfolding exactly as we suggested. Just calling out a few pieces of that puzzle, clearly some of the things that we had talked about as far as portfolios that we were separating from, much of that pig is through the Python. The specialty market in general continues to be particularly attractive. I would highlight E&S especially, furthermore, I don't think that party is over. When we're looking at the submission flow, we continue to be quite encouraged. On the other hand, certainly, within the professional liability space and I'll call out public D&O as perhaps one of this extreme examples, I think it is delicate and treacherous and as you can see in the numbers in our release, we are treading thoughtfully as you'd expect. Rich touched on the rate coming in at 8%, which based on our assessment is pretty clear that we are comfortably exceeding any reasonable assumption around loss cost trend. And we are encouraged by that. I know that there are couple of chicken littles out there that are sort of hanging on the rate number that we share on a quarterly basis and some might say, well, geez, this is down below where it was in the third quarter and that is a factually correct statement. That having been said, I would caution people to please understand that is really driven by mix of business and not just product line, but we have more than 60 different businesses under the Group umbrella and at any moment in time, some are growing more than others and rate opportunity is not equal amongst all the businesses in the Group, and obviously our product lines as well. And just as a point of reference, you'll recall this time or fourth quarter '22, we got 6.9 points of rate ex-comp. So again, we are comfortably above where we were a year ago and we are confident again that we are exceeding trend by a meaningful margin. Again, Richie talked about the losses. I'm not going to get into that. The only thing that I will flag is that the paid loss ratio for the quarter came in at 48 and change, and for - I don't know how many quarters it is at this at this stage, it's just sort of floating between 46 and 49, which I think is really just a reflection of the rate action along with the underwriting discipline and focus of our colleagues that are allowing us to be arguably writing business at a pretty healthy margin, to say the least. Again, Rich touched on the expense piece. So I'm not going to rehash that other than I will make the one comment that for purposes of '24, we have some businesses that we started prior. And those are going to be impacting our expense ratio, though, even with those coming into the expense ratio, as they are in business for a full year, the fact of the matter is, that's going to be a relatively modest drag. Going the other way as far as benefit goes, you'll see what happen with our written premium in Q3 and certainly in Q4 and we all know how that's going to travel through and impact the earned in '24, which will clearly be a positive. Last comment on the investment portfolio. Rich touched on that. As far as the book yield, as far as we're concerned, the new money rate for us still today, even with all the humming and honking about where interest rates are going, we still can put money to work at 5%-plus. So we think there's opportunity there. As Rich mentioned, the duration, 2.4 years. We are looking for the window of opportunity to nudge that out. We are not in a rush. We have a slightly different view than much of the world as to where interest rates are going. And when the window of opportunity presents itself, you will likely see that 2.4 moving out from here. So again, I think it's exciting that we had a good quarter. It's rewarding and encouraging that we had a good year and top of - a good year in '22 and so on, but I think the most encouraging thing is when you look at where, I should say, how the table is set for '24 and beyond, we are in a very good place and not only on the underwriting side but on the investment side. So I believe in '24 and likely beyond, you are going to continue to see this economic model firing on all cylinders. So that probably wasn't as brief as I promised, but it was relatively brief for me, and I'm going to pause there and Sarah, we would be very pleased to open it up for questions. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Yes, no, Elyse, I appreciate that you and other colleagues are trying to build models and making certain assumptions. But the truth of the matter is that, tell me what market conditions are going to be. And I can give you a thoughtful answer to your question. There is nothing that I see today that leads me to believe that there isn't meaningful opportunity before us. And again, do I think the 12% number is a reasonable number to use? Yes. Do I think it's possible to be better than that? It certainly is possible. But again tell me what the market conditions will be and then I can give you a more thoughtful answer as opposed to fumbling around on this end.
Rob Berkley: I think you should. From our perspective, obviously, one of the big drivers there is social inflation and as far as we're concerned, it's alive and well. In addition to that, as far as another pressure point, I think you're starting to see the reinsurance marketplace, particularly on the treaty side, but across-the-board starting to wake up and really recognize some of the challenges that the liability market faces. And the kind of pressure that you saw, the reinsurance marketplace, but on the property line, I think, while it may not be to the same extent, I think you're going to see them start to really focus on the - some of the liability lines and I think that will perhaps introduce further discipline into the casualty market. Quite frankly, if you go back in time, we've sort of been standing on our head and jumping up and down, talking about social inflation for many years. And we started pushing on rate pretty early and it's been good to see more recently people showing up to the party and recognizing what that loss trend is, recognizing what that means for this loss cost and taking action. So long story short, I think that there is some more legs to the liability market, particularly umbrella, auto liability, GL, and there's a lot of the excess market overall.
Rob Berkley: Nothing that's particularly earth-shattering. I would say it's kind of more of the same. But if you're looking for more detail, I'd encourage you just give Karen or Rich a call and if you can't get one of them, just give me a buzz.
Rob Berkley: I would suggest that some of the older years are beginning to show signs of petering out and I think some of the more recent years that look particularly encouraging. As they season out more, we will be more inclined to recognize the good news. But I think at this stage, if you look at the average duration of our loss reserves or an average life of our loss reserve, which is 3.5 plus years, just shy of four years at this stage, we have our arms around, I think a lot of the years that we're particularly frustrating where I think the industry may have gotten caught a little flat-footed, and ourselves are not completely insulated from that with social inflation. I think we may have gotten on top of it a little quicker than some. But nevertheless, '16 through '19 is not without its challenges. That having been said, I think some of the more recent years are encouraging, but I think '16 through '19 are slowing considerably and certainly the earlier of that Group, I think have - maybe not fully played out but are pretty darn close.
Rob Berkley: We still have reservations about the product line. We're pleased that we participate in the market. We think our colleagues that are in this space have exceptional expertise and are managing the capital well. But by and large if there is a little bit more of a certainly neutral to defensive posture at this stage, I think as we've talked about in the past, we think that the medical trend is going to prove to be challenging. As far as obviously the U.S. comp market is both broad and deep. And from what I hear from my colleagues that are far more knowledgeable than I, I would keep an eye on California for leading the charge as far as market bottoming out.
Rob Berkley: So the way I characterize it, Mike, is I think that the market is changing every day. And if you go back, call it two years ago, professional liability, D&O, as an example, was in a different place than it is today. So you have that force. On the other hand, clearly, two years ago property was in a different place than it is today. So you have all these pieces that at any moment in time some things are firming, some things are softening, and obviously, that instructs how we feel and how strong or not our appetite is. In addition to that, I think, as we may have flagged in some earlier calls, there were a couple of what I would describe as meaty relationships scale-wise, that we came to a shared understanding that we agreed to disagree as to what an appropriate rate need is and what action was required. And as a result of that, we wished each other well, or at least we wished them well, and that played a role in it as - in addition to the earlier comments. So do I think that the 12% is this like phenomenal number? That's one-off. The answer is no. I think that there were some things in the first half of the year that served as somewhat of an extreme drag, and what you're seeing now is a lot of that shift away has been processed.
Rob Berkley: Yes, obviously, we take it from one pocket and hopefully, we're getting it back and then some in the other pocket. I think one of the things that - so do I think it's possible that you're going to see some of the reinsurance marketplace trying to take action, for example, with seeding commissions? Yes, I do. The good news for our organization, as we've discussed, because of our limits profile and how the business is operated with approximately 90% of our policies that are legally allowed to have limits, having a limit of $2 million or less, that makes us less reinsurance dependent. So consequently, we have the ability to pivot and think about what we buy, perhaps differently than some of our peers, and we also can shift structurally. So as Rich mentioned earlier, around the seed, part of the reason why the - excuse me, around the expense ratio partly has to do with seed, where people wanted to cut seeding commissions. So maybe we switched to an XoL structure that made sense to us, given the rate environment, and that worked out. So the punchline is this, Mike, a hardening reinsurance market when it comes to the casualty lines, net net will be very good for us as an organization because it will force further discipline and consequently pricing power for the primary market. And in addition to that, my colleagues on the reinsurance side, I'm sure will be right in there seizing the opportunity.
Rob Berkley: So generally speaking, we don't break the rate data out by product line, but I guess to give you a little bit of color, I would tell you that we are very happy with the rate increases that we are achieving in much of the liability market, to say the least. We are comfortable that, putting aside some challenges within the professional liability space, the rest of it, we think that we are keeping up with trend and then some, or clearing trend by a meaningful margin. So, are things better in Q4 than they were in Q3? I don't really have the specific numbers in front of me at the moment, but just from having my finger somewhat on the pulse, I am very comfortable that the underwriting environment for the lines that you're referring to is every bit as healthy in Q4 as it was earlier in the year, possibly better. And there's nothing that leads me to believe that that momentum is going to diminish. And quite frankly, it's just simply being driven by loss costs and the environment, which, appropriately, I think, is making people focus on it more and more. So we feel like we're in a good place.
Rob Berkley: Yes. The skinny on that, at least through, in my opinion, is the D&O market, particularly public D&O market has been, from a pricing perspective, in somewhat of free fall, and rates went up considerably, and now they're coming back down. And then we have a view as to what rate adequacy is. And ultimately, while we're sorry to see it go, if it goes, it goes. We're not going to chase it down the drain. In addition to D&O, a couple of other product lines that I would call out would be medical professional, specifically hospital professional liability, where the lack of discipline in that product line over the past, quite frankly, a couple of years, I think, has given reason to pause. To our colleagues credit, they also - they have been operating with the discipline. So that's quite frankly having an impact on the top line as well. Other areas that I would flag, maybe one other would be architects and engineers with some of the larger accounts where again, we have found that the market is willing to do things we don't think make sense, and the pricing has come off. So professional liability, extraordinarily broad category, just trying to give you a little bit of a flavor with some of the bigger pieces of that puzzle. But yes, there are some areas within the professional space that we still find notably attractive, particularly nonstandard. And then there are some big chunks of the professional line, some of which I just referenced, that I think should be giving anyone who's responsible and disciplined real reason to pause.
Rob Berkley: So it's a combination of both. As you'd expect, we're pushing pretty hard on the rate front and it's sticking. In addition to that, as we see rate adequacy more and more attractive, then we're going to lean into that. And you would take note the growth, for example, in short tail lines or specifically property in the reinsurance business during the '23 year. And of course, we had meaningful growth on the property front and the E&S space as well, both through our domestic businesses as well as through our London operation.
Rob Berkley: Not meaningfully, when the day is all done. I mean, as I said a few moments ago, the majority of our growth is driven by rate. So there's a lot of things where our exposure hasn't changed, but we're charging considerably more. But also, that has led to opportunity to write some additional business as well. But I don't have a specific breakout on the 20% what's rate versus exposure. But if you'd like, you're welcome to follow up with us tomorrow and we can give you some more context.
Rob Berkley: I think primarily what's driving it is we're just charging a lot more. We're insisting on a lot more rates. That's the big driver, no pun intended.
Rob Berkley: Well, I would suggest you look at the paid loss ratios. I'd also sit because that's a reality. In addition to that, I would encourage you to have a look at how much IBNR we are carrying relative to case for some of those years. And further, I would encourage you to look at how much IBNR we're carrying relative to our total reserves.
Rob Berkley: The answer is that I think that 2024, at least so far, based on what we saw at 1/1, is likely to continue to provide a very good opportunity. Is it going to be quite as attractive as 23? Perhaps not, but I think that even if it isn't, that doesn't mean it's no longer an attractive opportunity. So we, as far as property cat goes in a very measured way, continue to be bullish on the opportunity. But as I said earlier, we are doing a bit more, but if the growth is really driven by the rate, I don't think you are going - you would not see a dramatic shift in our risk profile.
Rob Berkley: Reinsurance starting. Brian, I think that - I think, I'm happy to share that with you, but I want to check with our General Counsel to make sure that I'm allowed to share that with you. But what I know I can share with you is that our general view on the property cat market at 1/1 was that it was still very attractive, maybe not quite as attractive as it was at 1/1/23, or said differently, I think the market is still very attractive, but I also believe it has peaked, at least for the moment.
Rob Berkley: I'm not close enough to it, but I think we're using a pretty broad brush. I think that if you look back at some of the personal lines players or even some of the commercial line folks that write property books, it hasn't been necessarily a wonderful five years for them. Maybe it's better today. But when the day is all done, I think one needs to use a bit of a finer brush and really look at it at product line by product line. I think, as I suggested earlier, I think Q4 is going to be a really attractive quarter for many market participants. But I don't think 2023 proved to be this remarkable experience for all carriers. So again, do I think that the industry is in a better place today, certainly for many product lines, than it's been at other moments in time? Yes, I agree with that comment. But I think if you look at the total results for a lot of insurance companies for the '23 year, not everyone is hanging their hat on a return that starts with a two.
Rob Berkley: So, Josh, our goal is, if the opportunity presents itself, to move that duration out a bit from here, if that is your question, I want to make sure I'm understanding it.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So our desire is to move it out, but we're going to move it out when we see the window of opportunity. So would we like to see that move out to '25, '26, '27 over time? Yes, we would. But we're going to do that in a way that makes sense. So I would encourage you to stay tuned. And we're - there's a lot of volatility in the world, and when we see the things working with us, we're going to try and lean into that window, but we're just trying to roll with the punches. And again, it's remarkable volatility.
Rob Berkley: Actually, I think at this stage, quite to the contrary, we're very pleased with what this traditional fixed income portfolio is offering us. And I think, just as a general mix, while we - I don't see us exiting alternatives, I don't think that there's the same level of encouragement or it's not as compelling to look in the alternative directions as it once was given where fixed income rates still are.
Rob Berkley: I want to draw a distinction. First off, as far as things peaking, that comment was suggested that they may be peaking in the property cat market. And I'd like to draw a distinction between the primary or insurance market versus the reinsurance market. And in addition to that, I would suggest that it's important to draw a distinction between the property cat market versus the property risk reinsurance market because they are clearly not one in the same in our opinion. As far as our desire to grow the business, look, if we like the margin, we are going to lean into it. And I think that at the moment, generally speaking, we like the opportunity that continues to exist in the reinsurance marketplace when it comes to property. And we are certainly paying attention to a lot of the opportunity that exists in the primary property insurance space, particularly as it relates to E&S in the commercial lines. And of course, not to be forgotten, our colleagues at Berkeley, one on the high net worth front, the opportunity for rate, both on the admitted basis as well as, just as a reminder, they are using non-admitted paper as well, is creating meaningful opportunity also.
Rob Berkley: I think directionally, yes, you will see that. Do I think that we are very far or well on our way to having '15 through '19 behind us? Yes, I do. Do I think that it's done? Probably not. Look, we take a different approach than some other organizations when it comes to monitoring our reserves and trying to make sure that we're getting it right. There are some folks that just ignore it for quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, and then all of a sudden they have this giant problem that they need to deal with and they take this massive charge. We take a different approach. Our view is we're looking at it every 90 days or more frequently and we're tweaking it to where we think it needs to be, and we think that that's the more sensible approach. So again, you'll see the information, but I think that we continue to be very optimistic about the more recent years and how that's going to play out. Do I - clearly, some of that good news has been used along the way as we've had some challenges coming out of the older years. I think, again, those challenges are in the rear view mirror and shrinking by the minute. And I think there continues to be a lot of encouraging signs, as I referenced earlier, around the amount of IBNR we continue to carry in some of the more recent years.
Rob Berkley: As far as real estate goes, clearly, there's been a lot of opportunity. Residential has been reasonably stable and has been a good place to be. Particularly commercial on the office front has been more challenging. Fortunately for us, we own some very high quality assets and feel like we're in a very good place there, both with the quality of the assets as well as the occupancy, et cetera, et cetera. Are there going to be opportunities? We're paying close attention, but when you look at where the fixed income market is, the hurdle, if you will, for alternatives, including direct or indirect real estate is that much higher. So are we paying attention? If there was a great opportunity, are we prepared to step forward? Yes, but that hurdle is considerably higher when you look at what we can do with new money on the fixed income portfolio, which gives us good yield, good liquidity, and this risk-adjusted, we like it.
Rob Berkley: So the answer is that it remains as give or take, as robust as ever, and we remain very encouraged. As far as where the most encouraging opportunities are, that's not something that we're going to be broadcasting. I would tell you that products liability has been an area that the standard market seems to continue to have an unquenchable thirst for.
Rob Berkley: Scott, what I recommend, if it's accessible to you, is that you follow up with Karen and Rich, and they'll have a better sense as to what we can share and what we can't. I don't want to get all of us in trouble with the SEC..
Rob Berkley: Okay, Sarah, thank you very much. And thank you to all of the participants. We appreciate your time. I think the quarter speaks for itself. The year speaks for itself. The organization continues to perform at a high level, and as suggested earlier, perhaps the most exciting news is how well-positioned we are for not just '24, but likely '25 and beyond. We thank you again for your time, and we look forward to speaking with you in April. Have a good evening.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good evening. I guess just if we wanted to reflect on the past 12 to 18 months, you've discussed it a bit, but there was kind of a pivot downwards in growth for a bit. Did the - was the pivot more the marketplace changed in terms of competition, or was it more so reflection of what you've been talking about? Hi, loss costs are - we need to do a bit of a true-up and - you've gotten that picture of the Python and kind of now the - it's kind of a smoother sailing from here. Just kind of curious how much was kind of more, you think, Berkeley-specific versus just market forces and the competitors doing their thing.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful context. Clearly, the ROE for the year ended up being excellent. So I guess just switching gears a little bit, I think you mentioned the reinsurers. Anything we should be thinking about maybe within your expense ratio guidance or just as the year progresses, in terms of if the reinsurers are able to successfully garner higher pricing, seating commissions or whatnot, on what - they charge their counterparties, such as Berkeley for casualty reinsurance. I know you guys have a reinsurance arm, obviously too, so there's an offset. But just curious if there's something -
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe if I can sneak one last one in, if Bill thinks it's a question worthy of his wisdom. Presidential election year, to the extent the outcome is for a change of the guard, is there anything market-wise, investment portfolio-wise, or just interest rate-wise you guys are thinking of in terms of hard or dry or pivot? If that is an outcome late this year.
