Robert Berkley: Beau, thank you very much and let me echo your welcome to all to our third quarter call. We appreciate you finding time to join us. Joining me on this end of call is also Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow our typical agenda where, on very short order, I'm going to be handing it over to Rich, he's going to run through some highlights of the quarter. I will follow with a couple of observations on my end and then you will have the three of us at your disposal to take a Q&A session anywhere people would like to take it. Before I hand it over to Rich, I did want to flag or raise a thought for participants’ consideration and it’s something that we spent a good deal of time thinking about on our end. And it particularly comes into focus during periods of time like what we saw in the third quarter when cat activity spikes considerably. And great attention amongst many turns to trying to understand exposures, trying to understand claims activity and what does that mean from a dollars and cents perspective. And those questions are well-placed and are all important and appropriate. That having been said, in the flurry of activity around trying to understand what has transpired from a financial perspective, it is easy to lose sight of the more what I would call the human aspect and the loss that has occurred and how that impacts individuals not just their homes being destroyed, but oftentimes something even more severe, such as the loss of life. So I did want to just comment on this that it is something that my colleagues and I pay great attention to, we are sensitive to, and all of those impacted by the events of the third quarter are certainly in our thoughts. Furthermore, we have many colleagues, particularly on the claims side of the business that are working tirelessly to make sure that we as an organization are servicing customers making sure we as an organization are living up to our commitments and our promises, which is something we take very seriously. And finally, from our perspective to the extent there is any type of silver lining in these type of situations, clearly, it is an opportunity for the industry to demonstrate the value that it brings to society. We cannot undo what has been done, but we certainly are in a position to assist society and picking-up the pieces and trying to put it back together. That is not just an obligation, but an opportunity that we as an organization take very seriously. So I will leave it there for the moment. And now, Rich, if you wouldn't mind taking us through the numbers having said all that. Rich, please.
Robert Berkley: So we're not going to unpack the rate number by product line, but what I would tell you is that we are very focused on rate adequacy or rate adequacy plus and we are conscious of the environment. And while we all would like to grow, that is not going to overshadow our focus around rate adequacy. So again, I would be careful not to read too much one way or another into a certain number of basis points, but I can tell you that rate adequacy remains a priority. As far as market conditions going forward, it is pretty clear to us that property pricing, particularly cat exposed property pricing, but property pricing in general is going up. It has -- we haven't seen it in a long time, but it's like to be led by the reinsurance market and the insurance market I expect will follow. And we will be leaning into that in every way that we think makes sense for the organization. Will there be a spillover to other product lines? We will see with time. It's not as clear to us that, that will be the case though to the extent those opportunities presented themselves. I promise you we will be there to attach them and try and take advantage of them. But again, certainly, as far as property and cat exposed property and perhaps the most interesting property cat reinsurance or even certain types of retro, those are things that we are paying close attention too, not just as a buyer, but potentially as a meaningful seller. But again, we would be there when we think the margin is there. Typically, the vast majority of the time during a cycle, we do not believe the margin is there, which is why we control it very tightly, but we are not shy to lean into it if we think that it makes sense from a risk adjusted return base.
Robert Berkley: Yes, it was basically -- it was the isolated COVID stuff that I was referring to and to you -- what I would define as unique and isolated situations primarily the vast, vast, vast majority of the development team was in the insurance segment.
Robert Berkley: Mike, I think that we're starting to try and get into the wheels and obviously it varies by product line, but in the aggregate at the 7.3% that we're talking about, I think that we are comfortably outpacing loss trend via a meaningful margin, and that would be in all likelihood more than 100 basis points. My crystal ball is really no better than anyone else's and we are trying to err on the side of being measured around loss picks in general. But again at 7.3% I think it's still very fair to say that we are outpacing it by more than 100 basis points, maybe it's 200 basis points, but it's a pretty healthy margin. That having been said, as I have suggested, we are not going to declare victory prematurely. There is a huge amount of sensitivity around those assumptions. And if it proves that it's something more than we expected, we're going to make sure that we have the ability to try and absorb that. So it's going to take some time for that to season and ultimately we'll have some clarity.
Robert Berkley: Maybe a couple of quick comments, Mike. First off, I think that our view is likely rates are going to move up from here. And while they may not move up at the same pace that they have been going up as of late, we think they're still going higher. In addition to that, the fact of the matter is while - to move the duration out would require -- in a meaningful way would require us to go pretty far out on the yield curve and we don't think you get paid enough, quite frankly, to take it out. And we're pretty comfortable in that what I would define is three to five-year zone, if you like, probably at this moment a little bit closer to three than five, but sort of in between. And that will naturally even may take the duration up a little bit, but not a huge amount. And I think you're going to see the book yield continue to tick up at a pretty healthy pace. As we get to start to think that maybe rates are peaking or close to the peak, we're going to think about duration a little bit differently perhaps, but at the moment, we think there's still a bit of runway ahead of us.
Robert Berkley: There's really nothing that we do today that we would feel as though we would have to curtail if you will. As -- Mike, I think we've mentioned in the past, if you looked at our business, approximately 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So we tend to buy -- what we really -- we buy some corporate covers and we have the ability just to dial that down and increase our nets and just think about capital allocation in a different way. Simultaneously, if we find ourselves in a position that the reinsurance market is that hard, it's likely you will see that part of our business grow and we will deploy capital in that direction. So do I think it's gone across some people a little bit of agita maybe a bit of headache. Yes, do I think for us it can create opportunity? Yes, I do.
Robert Berkley: I think it really depends on which estimates you're talking about. But what I would tell you is that it's likely this is going to prove to be a very, very significant flood issue, which obviously will impact the loss for many on the homeowner side and on the property side. Obviously, auto is a different animal. I think the auto loss is likely to prove to be far more severe than maybe the models would have initially suggested. So long story short, I don't think there's a huge amount of clarity. It's not that we take any particular great issue with the numbers and sort of that $50 million to $70 million is the -- as bookends that's probably not a bad range. That having been said, I think the way it's going to get allocated amongst product lines may prove to be a little bit different than what people anticipated. And my best guess is that it's probably between those bookends towards the lower end than the higher end.
Robert Berkley: But yours is correct. From our perspective, for an extended period of time and we've offered this perspective in the past, the reinsurance marketplace has kind of gotten let around by the insurance marketplace. And there's enough pain out there that has been building for an extended period of time. It would appear as though that the reinsurance marketplace maybe has gotten the courage and the discipline that has been a long time coming. And we have our view on what is rate adequacy. And if we see for example, in particular, property cat reinsurance pricing getting to a level that we think makes sense, we have been making plans and positioning ourselves as you would expect or atleast if you don't, you should be expecting to be able to participate in a meaningful way. But we are only going to do that if we think you are getting paid enough. We are not in that product line day in and day out riding the cycle up and down. We are going to participate, call it, on average, when we sync everything lines up, the planets and stars line up, for call it, two years out of every 15-years. And it is certainly very possible that 2023 could be one of those two years. But if we don't like it, if it doesn't get hard enough, we're not going to stick our toe in the water, let alone a foot.
Robert Berkley: It is too early to decide to what extent we would participate or whether we will participate really in a meaningful way at all. But we do have the colleagues and the -- with the expertise, all lined up. The distribution knows that we are here that we want to see what's out there. And we will participate again to the extent that it makes sense. If it doesn't make sense and the pricing doesn't get to where we think it needs to get to, then we have absolutely no problem sitting back and putting our powder away.
Robert Berkley: Yes, our benchmarks are clearly going up. But we’ll ultimately, we also think about our overall economic model. Obviously, as everyone on the call knows, we generate return in two ways: one, being underwriting; and the other one being investment income. But perhaps if I'm understanding your question appropriately there is no movement on our end to look to start to compromise our loss ratio picks because of a higher interest rate environment. We are not -- have never been and will never be as long as the Chairman and I are here, cash flow underwriters. That's not what we do. So again, I'm not a big fan of the but four, but we are -- I think that the loss ratios that we generate or the combined ratios that we generated in the quarter or on a calendar year, certainly not what we targeted, but certainly not the end of the world, and we have no interest in compromising on our targets at this time.
Robert Berkley: The professional liability on the insurance side, I think, was up about 1%. And the big movers in that were particularly D&O. And there are a couple of drivers there: one, I think it's competition; but two, the demand has slowed a little bit, particularly around IPOs and to a lesser extent, but still there specs. And those two pieces drove a meaningful percentage of the demand. So I think that's a piece of it. Also, in addition to that, look, it's still a cyclical market, as I was suggesting earlier on, and people are becoming more competitive. So we accept that reality. And that's why you -- what was a product line for us that was growing at a very rapid pace. If you go back to this time last year or the year before, you'll see that underwriting discipline here, and that's coming through and the growth rate slowing considerably. And at some point, I expect that plus one is going to turn into a negative number, and that's okay. But we take one day at a time.
Robert Berkley: We are player in the cyber space, though I would define in a very controlled and limited way. We have an outstanding group of people that have terrific expertise. And at this stage, that business remains one that we think there's still much opportunity ahead of us.
Robert Berkley: Josh. So in 2002, we did enter into what I would define as some short-term quota shares with a couple of facilities in London. And we wrote a fair amount of business for a very defined period of time. I don't remember if it was started in 2002, maybe 2003 and it proved to be very lucrative for the shareholders and shortly thereafter, as it became a less attractive market, we faded into the background.
Robert Berkley: Josh, you're using a pretty broad brush. And if you don't mind, I might try and narrow the brush for a moment. I think, generally speaking, the reinsurance market across the board will benefit from greater discipline, and that's in all products. In addition to that, I think the standard market needs to be paying more attention, in my opinion, to loss trend than it would appear as though from a distance that some of them are. As far as the specialty carriers go, I think it varies by product line and by carrier. I think there are some that are very responsible and very disciplined. It's not clear to me, it's reasonably clear, I should say, to me at this time that property pricing is going up. It may not happen as quickly as one might think it should happen. It's starting to happen today, and I expect you're going to see it become even more visible as we make our way through next year. What the spillover will be into some of the other product lines? I don't know. I think one of the pieces that we have talked about in passing is workers' compensation. And I would suggest to you, that's not one to lose sight of given that I believe it still is the largest component of the commercial lines marketplace from a premium perspective. And we have got to be getting close to the bottom there. And that may mean it's going to take another year or two, and that's going to need to tick up. So I think there's meaningful pain to come in comp. I think property, people are recognizing they need to change I think on some of the liability lines, particularly in the standard market, I think they better be careful of loss trend.
Robert Berkley: No I -- for what it's worth, I agree with your question and your observation. I think there could be a lag. And that's why, particularly for those in the standard market, they have to get filings approved and how quickly can they pivot and how much can they debit accounts to get to a rate to support those higher reinsurance costs, we'll have to see with time. But if we go back to a period that we were touching on earlier in our discussion, I think you flagged 2002 -- if you go back to the end of 2001, right around 9/11, the market was starting to firm a bit and then 9/11 served as a significant catalyst to affirming and giving people the conviction to really push. But if you go back and you look at the 2002 year for much of the market that did not prove to be such a great year because pricing started to go up. But just because it was going up, it really didn't become truly adequate until 2003. So if you look at those policy years, it was really the 2003 year where it started to become more attractive. So long story short, Josh, I think there is a lag. I think you raised in my opinion an important point, and I think that ultimately, that lag oftentimes proves to be a further catalyst to get people to push even harder. So that's nothing more than speculation from one observer.
Robert Berkley: I don't have the percentages in front of me. I would tell you that on the property side, on the insurance front, it's not going to be a huge amount. And we have the ability to flex that up, which we will be looking at very closely. But by design, we have limited the amount of aggregate we were willing to put out in certain zones in certain ZIP codes. And it's a similar story on the reinsurance front, where, again, we have the ability to flex, but just demonstrating through action, if you will, we have not found the pricing to be particularly attractive until as of late, and it will likely become even more attractive, which is why if you look at sort of where our growth is and what's happened in the third quarter, it was really some recent opportunity for us to try and take advantage of a changing market, and you may see more of that. But again, we are not a big player in the space today, and I don't think it's ever going to be the lion's share of our business, but it could become a more significant part of our business temporarily over the next year or two.
Robert Berkley: We like the stuff that falls off the table of the standard market. And we'll leave it to the 800-pound gorillas sitting up at the table to fight over what they keep up there. We're a very because the stuff that falls off the table, we can charge what we want.
Robert Berkley: Let me try and share with you as much as I can. So we had two specific and unique situations where our – again, from our perspective and my understanding, which I did get into the weeds on these situations, they were very much one-offs. And as you referenced earlier, we usually don't have a lot of development one way or another. It's because we're constantly trying to get the ports just right in every nook and crane of the organization. And there's no sense in trying to put lipstick on the pig. Long story short, Ryan. These were two, again, isolated situations that we're not going to pretend it's something that it isn't and try and off state the picture. That's just not how we operate. But long story short, we do not think that this is something that we're going to see more of and based on everything I can see at this time.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Brian, I think a very fair question and that was probably a self-serving comment on my part, because we asked ourselves that same question. And I promise you that we -- it served as the catalyst that you're suggesting where we took a look to see -- do we think we have anything else that's material out there of this nature that we should be looking into. And again, based on what I know today and what my colleagues know today, and the stones that we looked under, we feel comfortable about where we are. I can assure you, I'm not interested in being on this type of call, three months, six months, whatever from now and having to talk about this again. So I can't promise, but we made every reasonable effort to try and make sure that there's nothing else that we could see at this time.
Robert Berkley: So the answer is, yes, as you flagged, Brian, I agree with the point, the professional liability has slowed considerably. And we applaud the discipline of our colleagues, but that is certainly having somewhat of an impact. That having been said, in addition to that, we've been a little bit surprised by how some of the liability lines within -- and professional lines within the casualty reinsurance space have become more competitive as of late. But to the second part of your comment/question, I do see -- we'll see what the fourth quarter holds encouraging so far, but we'll see. It's still very early. But I would expect that there should be in much of the marketplace we participate in, some very attractive opportunities in early next year and beyond.
Robert Berkley: Yes, we'll have to follow up on that. I'm in a conference room, and I left all my notes down the hall, which I apologize for that is something that in the past couple of quarters, we've tried to flag but -- for folks. So we'll -- what we'd like to do is, if you don't mind, just give Karen or Rich or myself a call and we'll have that for you in the morning, but I just -- it was like the one sheet that didn't make the six inch stack that I brought down with me, so I apologies for that.
Robert Berkley: Look, if you look at our renewal retention ratio, it's kind of hanging in there and it kind of fluctuates between 79% and 82% quarter in and quarter out. Our colleagues -- and again, it's at a pretty granular basis. They're looking at each one of the product lines that they are operating with within their P&L. We're looking at it at a granular level and people are trying to pay close attention to where the environment is and where loss costs are going, what do we need to make sure we're a rate adequate plus. And there continues to be sensitivity to inflation of both types. So again, I think that we continue to push on the rate. And I don't think there's any reason to expect we are not going to continue to push into the fourth quarter and through next year.
Robert Berkley: It's -- we do have some numbers internally that many of us sit around the table and we grapple with and one personal argue one side and the other or the other. And after we are tucker out will exchange who's arguing which side. But when the day is all done, we have a fair amount of headroom to the extent we see the opportunity presenting itself. And I would tell you that it's someone on a sliding scale the more attractive we see the opportunity, the more healthy we see the risk-adjusted return, the more inclined than we are to write more of this type of business. Do I think that we are going to become a leading property cat underwriter overnight? No, I do not. At the same time, do I think it could become a more meaningful part of what we do in the short run? Yes, I do. But that doesn't mean that it's going to be -- not going to become more than half of what we do or something like that. But it will be noticeable relative to its size today and its contribution today. Again, if the opportunity is there.
Robert Berkley: Yes. There is nothing that we see that would suggest the social inflation challenge is becoming any more benign -- it remains alive and well and very challenging. And on the financial or economic side, I mean, we all see where inflation is running at. We see where CPIs, we see where core is and there clearly continues to be pressure there. So when we look at it, do we think this pace will keep up forever? No, we don't. But that having been said, from our perspective, we will continue to price as we see fit.
Robert Berkley: Yes, you include comp and that we're very comfortable that our comp book is priced at a very healthy level. So in the aggregate, yes, we're feeling very comfortable where we are.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you very much, and thank you to all that dialed in. Again, I think in spite of the challenges that came the industry's way in the quarter, we still performed quite well and generated a healthy return. We'll have to see where the property cat market goes. Again, I don't think we're going to become a property cat writer overnight, but we do have the ability to participate in a very select manner for a defined period of time when we think the opportunity is there. But we are going to remain core to being a specialty primarily liability underwriter and that remains the focus of the business. Though again, we are in a position to take advantage of market opportunities when they present themselves. We thank you all for your participation, and we look forward to catching up with you early next year. Thank you.
