Robert Berkley: Breanna, thank you very much and good afternoon, all. And again, welcome to our second quarter call. Along with me on this end of the phone, we also have our Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley, as well as Chief Financial Officer, Rich Baio. And we're going to follow our typical agenda where momentarily, I'm going to hand it over to Rich, who will walk us through some highlights from the quarter. I will follow up with a few observations after Rich makes his comments and then we will be opening it up for Q&A. Before I hand it over to Rich, a few comments from me. Based on everything, I can see -- it would look as though the stage is being set for what one might call yet another but-for quarter for the industry. It would seem as though cat losses don't make a difference. And bizarrely, from our perspective, people seem very quick to back out cat losses as though it's not real money. But ironically, they don't seem to back out the premium associated with the exposure that just had the losses. So again, from our perspective, it's no wonder why the industry struggles oftentimes to make good risk-adjusted returns. In order to do that, one needs to recognize the exposure taking on and not pretend that it doesn't exist, particularly when it occurs. Through our lens, we are in the capital management business. We are focused on risk-adjusted returns and around here, cat losses count. In our opinion, it is not Monopoly money. It is real money. And when we measure how we are doing, we do not back out cat losses. Perhaps we are a bit of an exception to the industry but ultimately, we think it is an economic reality and that's not something we shy away from. So with that, Rich, if you would, please.
Robert Berkley: That pig is still making its way through the python. I don't have a specific number for how much it contributed but it is reducing, if you will but it did play a role. I think the other piece is just general mix as well in the portfolio. As you can see, it shifts a little bit every day as far as the underwriting portfolio. But yes, there was a little bit of non-cat property in there but it is diminishing.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think it's a function of mix. And certainly, we are benefiting as much as anyone on the property front. At the same time, there are clearly challenges for workers' compensation. And you can see that and, quite frankly, how much we are growing or not there. And on the professional liability side, as Rich flagged as well, D&O is very competitive. So the number that we give you is an aggregate, obviously but I can promise you that we are getting good traction on the property front. And the more cat exposed it is, the more traction we are getting and it's significant.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, relative to the reserve position in both, it was de minimis. I think one -- I don't have the number exactly in front of me but one was a little bit positive and one was a little, I think, modestly negative, if bad [ph].
Robert Berkley: The answer is because a lot of what you -- I was referencing and you just referenced are things that we have been anticipating. And when people have been asking us, why aren't you dropping your current accident year? Why aren't you dropping your loss ratios? Because there's a lot of uncertainty out there. So we feel very comfortable about where we sit at this stage. We revisit and look at our loss ratios by product line at a very granular level with some regularity, that being every 90 days. And we think we are in a good place to be able to absorb what we are seeing.
Robert Berkley: Our E&S businesses, their submission flow is very robust. And again, we are -- there's nothing that leads us to believe that the market, by and large and the lines that I talked about is softening in any capacity. There's a lot of momentum out there not just in the property but in the liability, including pockets of professional. That's why I called out D&O, in particular, because that is a particularly challenged line. That's why I called out workers' comp. It has been very competitive for an extended period of time. But much of the rest of what we do, we are seeing very strong submission flow.
Robert Berkley: No. What I'm talking about is that during the quarter, there was some non-cat property losses that contributed to the loss ratio. That is what I'm referring to. That is less elevated than what we've seen over the past couple of quarters but more elevated than what we've seen historically. And the actions that we are taking, we believe, are taking hold but it takes a little bit of time for that to work through the book in its entirety.
Robert Berkley: No. Property is not a huge part of our book and no, it would not be anything approaching what you -- the number that you were referring to.
Robert Berkley: So as far as what we're seeing coming through, it was really more of a comment as far as the tail elongating based on discussions that we're having with our colleagues on the claims front and what they are seeing. So are we going to start to see it in the data? Yes. But one of the things that we try and do is not just wait to see it in the traditional actuarial data but we're visiting with colleagues trying to understand what are they seeing very much on the front lines because that's the leading indicator as to what to expect. I think the plaintiffs' bar is as aggressive as ever. And oftentimes, what they are trying to do is wait till the eleventh hour and then put forth a demand and try and create a situation that is optimal for them. But when -- I think we understand what they're trying to do and we are managing through it. So do I think that this is going to be a radical sea change? No. But are we conscious of it? Yes, we are. And I do not have the loss ratio in front of me but we will follow up with that for you, Mike.
Robert Berkley: I think the frequency trend is very attractive. I would -- I think as far as the medical trend goes, I don't believe that it's a negative and I believe it's going to be ticking up and that's just based on industry data that is available. I think if people choose to dig in, they will find out.
Robert Berkley: I think more people are starting to realize that they need to do something about rate. So I'm not going to comment specifically on other market participants. But whoever it is that you may be referring to, maybe they just recognize that they need more. And that's why they decided to put their foot harder down on the pedal. We had a view as to what we need and what rate adequacy is for some period of time and we feel comfortable where we were. It's consistent with where we -- what we believe we need today. So again, I think that we feel as though that we're in a pretty good place.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Sure, Josh and thanks for the question. And if I keep it too high level, we're very happy to catch up offline. But ultimately, we look at the business today, we look at where things are going tomorrow. We want to make sure that we are well positioned from a capital perspective to have not just what we envision our need are but plus a cushion. And when the day is all done, to the extent that we have a surplus of capital beyond what we have today, plus -- beyond what we need today plus and see we need tomorrow plus a cushion, then we're going to think about what's the most efficient way and effective way and thoughtful way to return that to the people that it belongs to, that being the shareholders. Obviously, there are different tools that we can use to return that capital. Part of the analysis when we think about the returning of the capital is not just what do we think the value of the business is today and what is our view on what real book value is, we also think about what the earnings power of the business is for the foreseeable future. And then we make what I believe is a thoughtful decision, with all of that and a few other things taking into account the best way to return the value to the shareholders. So that's sort of a long story short. Do I believe that we are able to continue to grow the business at a pretty healthy pace? Yes, I do. Do I believe that we're going to be able to continue to generate very healthy returns? Yes, I do. Do I think we'll be able to do that with an eye towards risk-adjusted return and do it in a consistent way? That is certainly the expectation. So, if you want to get a bit more into the details, we can try and do that offline. But we are not going to just try and hold on to capital that we don't need. In addition to that, we're conscious of what the capital needs will be in the future and we're aware of the fact that certain rating agencies are reexamining potentially what their view is going to be and we have a view as to what that may mean for us.
Robert Berkley: I think it's a combination of both good underwriting and a job well done by many of our colleagues. And again, we also had a bit of positive development coming through there.
Robert Berkley: Look, we -- places that we're growing, it's because we like the opportunity. I would tell you, a meaningful amount of the growth in that product line is coming from our colleagues that are managing E&S businesses.
Robert Berkley: No. It's not so much the plaintiffs' bar, though. Obviously, that's a contributor to how we think about loss cost and trend and rate adequacy. But it would seem as though the reinsurance marketplace struggles to have discipline across the board. So just as they're getting more disciplined in the property space, would seem as the professional and liability space may not have the same discipline it had yesterday.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Look, we're pleased with how the business is performing, Ryan. We're not going to get into a whole lot of minutia around that. But we think that the various businesses that make up that segment have positioned themselves well and they're reaping the benefits from it. And we think that it's likely that for the foreseeable future, that we'll continue to see good performance. That having been said, as I mentioned a few moments ago, there was some positive development; and that came out of one of the operations in that segment which was helpful.
Robert Berkley: When you look at the group, we're a bit of a bouquet. And there are certain parts of this group that are growing very rapidly. So for example, many of our E&S businesses are growing at a very healthy pace, to say the least. And there are other parts of the organization that are growing as well. But we're believers in underwriting discipline. And as you can see in the release, there are parts of the business that are growing quite quickly, perhaps in keeping with your comment relative to some others. And there are parts where we're just going to be more disciplined. So you would have taken note that workers' compensation, we are concerned about how competitive that marketplace is. And even with the growth in payrolls that we've seen, we are -- I would suggest in somewhat of a defensive mode. A similar story when it comes to professional liability and we're kind of scratching our head around public D&O. If you want to talk about the reinsurance, obviously, the casualty reinsurance is down a little bit and the monoline excess is up incrementally. So I think that -- and I can appreciate why people might look for a broader brush but we're looking at our business and we're looking at each part of the market that we participate in with a very fine brush. And we are trying to make sure we make good decisions in every pocket. And when you add up all the pieces, this is where it came out. Do I think that there is opportunity for there to be pockets of further momentum? Yes, absolutely. But I think that when push comes to shove, that's just the reality of when you put all the pieces together, this is where it came out.
Robert Berkley: It's not a big growth area for us these days. There were moments in time where we found it to be very attractive. And then to your point, we saw a lot of people coming into the space. And again, we have the underwriting discipline that we're not going to do foolish things. So have we ever been a giant player in the space? No, we're careful and selective and we're conscious of how to manage the systemic exposure that comes along with that product line. But clearly, cyber has become a more competitive market and we have a view as to what an accurate rate is and appropriate terms and conditions. And we will draw the line in the sand and stay on the right side of it.
Robert Berkley: I think you're going to see it having a diminishing impact on results between now and the end of the year and it will be diminishing gradually.
Robert Berkley: I can't answer the question with certainty but we think that ultimately, the way the portfolio is running and our ability to deliver a 90 combined or better and then 18% or 21% return, depending on how you look at it, feels like we're in a pretty comfortable spot. Do I think that there's the opportunity for the 59 to potentially improve a little bit? Yes, I do but we're not going to push the envelope unnecessarily and set the stage for disappointment in the future, particularly in an environment that's as complicated and volatile as this. We just don't think that's in the best interest of anyone. So we're -- in our book, at least, achieving very healthy outcomes for stakeholders while still ensuring that we are not putting undue pressure on the situation. And that's a good place to be, in our opinion.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean you'll see more detail when the Q comes out. And to the extent it leaves you scratching your head, we're happy to catch up offline. But I would tell you, we feel very good about where our reserves are and we think they're well positioned to endure some of the things that we think either are ahead of the industry. And again, I think there's been a lot of chatter amongst some observers as to given all the rate we've gotten, why haven't we dropped our loss ratios more and it's because of all the uncertainty. So when the day is all done, do I think that we're in a good place? Yes. When push comes to shove, if you look at the average duration of our loss reserves there, give or take, 3.5 years. So if you think about that and you think about what that probably means as far as how far along that '16 through '19 year is, those years are as far as development, I think that things are -- that would suggest things are quieting down. And of course, as far as the more recent years, we are feeling as though that they're an exceptional place.
Robert Berkley: Obviously, the tail comment has applicability in different ways to different product lines. I think some of the comments, if I recall correctly and maybe I'm mistaken, that you may be referring to would stem from policies that are written on a claims-made form. And when you write on a claims-made form and there is no notice, then that chapter is closed. So putting that aside, to the extent that you do have a notice or you have an occurrence form, then you need to spend some time thinking about how do I think about that tail extending or not. So we, as you would expect, bifurcate the book as we examine it in a variety of different ways and look at it at a very granular level. But I think perhaps what I was just referring to may touch on what you had been raising.
Robert Berkley: Putting aside the property piece, to your point, I would say the leading contributor to the question you're raising is mix of business: different product lines, say, different loss ratio picks.
Robert Berkley: Well, we don't really spend a lot of time doing that because we don't fool ourselves that cat losses don't count.
Robert Berkley: That is us seeing opportunity in the property reinsurance marketplace. Certainly, cat is a meaningful component of that. And while it's not -- having an overwhelming impact on the group overall, it's certainly a window of opportunity that we're going from a toe in the water to maybe a foot plus in the water. So the short answer is yes.
Robert Berkley: As far as the liability lines, the larger the account, by and large, the more competitive it is at this stage and that -- and there's our benefit because by and large, we are a small and middle market player compared to many of our peers. But yes, clearly, there is growing competition -- or is more visible with larger accounts.
Robert Berkley: So in the commercial property book, it's a combination of a variety of different things. Certainly, there's a piece of that in there that's associated with Berkley One because probably we'll be splitting that out as that grows. In addition to that, we certainly write a bit of property that is cat exposed on the commercial line side. And -- but much of it is not a Tier 1, if you will, cat-exposed property.
Robert Berkley: So it is -- as far as medical malpractice, I would separate that as to -- that's a different issue. But as far as the medical costs go, as far as what is the Band-Aid cost today versus what does it cost yesterday for an injured worker, our expectation is that, that is clearly on the rise. Are you going to see it in other product lines? Yes but to a much lesser extent because when you think about a claims dollar, medical plays a far more significant role with workers' comp than any other product line that we're in.
Robert Berkley: I think we're just trying to give people guidance for the long run. And ultimately, our expense ratio can, at any moment in time, be adversely impacted by investments that we are making, whether that be in technology or whether that be in a new business that we are starting that's early on or in its infancy. So I think we're just trying to give people guidance as to what they should be expecting going forward longer term.
Robert Berkley: Yes. There's nothing that we're seeing as of now that would suggest that it's bottoming out, or let alone, pivoting.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Look, the -- just to qualify that a little bit, certainly, we weren't happy with the performance but the loss was about $1 million or so. And what is driving that? It was primarily a participation in some alternative investments or private equity specifically, where there were some marks that they took down on some investments and then that trickled through to us. How do we see that unfolding from here? We'll let you know. But at this stage, I think that we're comfortable that people are taking the action that they need to take to make sure that those funds are appropriately marked but we're dependent on getting that information from the managers.
Robert Berkley: You can follow up with Rich or Karen for the specifics but it was enough to take what's been a reasonably healthy run rate and bring it down to essentially zero.
Robert Berkley: It's certainly our hope and we're waiting for that to occur. And yes, we think it's coming but it may take some time. And ultimately, as in everything we do, we're focused not just on risk-adjusted return but we're not going to -- in an effort to -- we're not going to compromise, if you will, in a foolish way. And again, we are eagerly looking for the opportunity to allow us to extend that duration out a little bit. But right now, we are getting reasonably well rewarded for the position that we've taken.
Robert Berkley: Josh, I think that was a pretty good prediction on your part as to the quality of the answer, at least that you'd get from me. But why don't I hand it over to our Chairman, who also moonlight as our Head of repurchase.
Robert Berkley: Okay, Breanna, thank you and thank you all very much for joining the call. Again, I think this was a moment where the company once again demonstrated its ability to manage risk and to focus on return and recognize that volatility is an important piece of that. We will look forward to speaking with you all in about 90 days. Thank you.
Mike Zaremski: A follow-up on the question from Elyse in your comments about maybe about some non-cat property losses and you, Rob, used that comment, the metaphor about the pig through the python. So are you saying that some current year property losses led into the underlying -- this -- from last quarter to this quarter? Because I thought you used that term when we're talking about kind of a reserve tail.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And a follow-up on -- you made some interesting comments on some growing evidence that the tail is elongating on occurrence but maybe also at claims made. Just curious if you can elaborate because when we look at -- I thought last time we looked at your -- the statutory pay to incurred loss ratios, we couldn't see that. And I also noticed you didn't give us an update, I don't know if you want to, on just how paid-to-incurred loss ratios are trending for you all.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And I guess lastly, we've obviously -- we and others value your insights. So when you're -- you've been talking a lot about medical inflation is brewing. In the CPI data, at least, it looks like it's inching higher but still looks a bit tame versus historic levels. Is this thesis kind of based on -- similar to what you just said about just talking with your folks on the front lines and understanding the macro and kind of you feel that there's going to be more inflation coming? Or are you actually seeing it? For example and I'll be quiet, Travelers commented today that the workers' comp inflation is still negative overall for them.
