Rob Berkley: I mean, obviously, different parts of our business earn premium in a different way. Having said that, certainly, by the second half of 2020, you're going to see a meaningful amount of that fourth quarter 2019 premium earning through. That 2019 -- fourth quarter 2019 premium is going to start -- it's already started to earn through and that will continue to accelerate. As far as margin expansion goes at a macro level, and I think it's best that we not get into the weeds, but when you're getting close to nine points of rate, even our, what I would suggest is a very measured approach to trend, i.e., we're trying to make sure that we are erring on the side of caution. It's hard to imagine that we are not outpacing trend by some number of hundreds of basis points.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think my comments were meant to be sort of intermediate and long-term in nature. And what I'm trying to message to you, picking up on Rich's point, is that the expense ratio was good this quarter. And we certainly would like to continue to push on that. But the simple reality is we are making some investments today that will enable us to get to where we want to, not just on the expense ratio front, but being able to run the business efficiently and effectively. We think investments on the systems front as well as the data and analytics front that we already have been making are likely to accelerate, and that comes at a cost, but that's going to allow us to continue to get where we want to go.
Rob Berkley: Sure. So, I think as we've perhaps discussed in the past, it's tricky to use too broad of a brush here because, again, ex comp, all basically, all of the commercial line space is in some form of hardening where we're seeing rates go up, but it's not happening in lockstep. So, we see that happening. We see that accelerating. There are certainly what I would define as parts of the market, our products, our products in certain territories, where we're seeing a green light, and we are looking to push and push hard, not just on rates, but we want to right -- we want more count, if you will, policy count. There are other places where it's more of an amber light, and we're just going to focus on the rate, and we're not looking to push the count. But once we get that green light, we're not just going to open up the spigot. We're going to rip it out of the wall and we're going to let a pore in, and we'll call a plumber later. And how long is it -- as far as how long is it going to go for--
Rob Berkley: Yes. Look, I think it never lasts as long as you'd like, and that's sort of reality. At the same time, from my perspective, I think from our perspective, there's still a lot more pain to come. And if you look at what's driving the change, its pain. And we've sort of gotten a glimpse of the tip of the iceberg, but there's a lot of iceberg that's below the sea level and there's just more to come. So, from our perspective, we don't see this slowing, we see it accelerating and at a minimum, in some cases, maintaining from here, but in more cases, it's not accelerating. How long will it go on for? I think that's a tricky one to speculate, but we think that there's a fair amount of runway ahead of us.
Rob Berkley: We -- yes, it is certainly part of the pain that I think the industry is facing. We saw early in a couple of lines in 2016, and then we saw it more broadly in 2017. So, our recognition that this was not just a one line issue, but this was a broad issue, was something that we were grappling with definitively in 2017.
Rob Berkley: Well, my two senses and Josh, I haven't -- we can have an off-line conversation where I can sort of examine our historical data with greater granularity. But my sense is that I wouldn't say we're comparing apples and oranges, but we're kind of comparing apples and pears, if you will. And so I can speak right now about the situation that we're facing. We have a sense as to what we believe our loss costs are running at. We have a sense as to what our margins are. We have a view as to the rate that we're getting. And from our perspective, when you see the type of rate increase that we got in the fourth quarter start to earn through, while we are not going to move too early, in a vacuum, one would think that, that should -- it's certainly our view that it will benefit our margins. But we are not going to shoot from the hip. We're going to -- as we always do, on day one, we try and book things in a measured way. And as it seasons out, then we will start to recognize it because, again, we do not want to declare victory prematurely. But at a high level, when we look at what we believe our trend is running at, and we look at the rate that we are achieving, we think when the dust settles, it is likely that margin improvement is incurring.
Rob Berkley: It really -- it depends on the -- if you will, the line of business. I mean, there are parts of our insurance business, where the exposure growth is growing. But when we talk about rate, that 9%, that is pure rate, that's not premium, if you will.
Rob Berkley: It's probably, give or take, flattish. It would be my best guess. And again, that's because from our perspective, I think as we've talked in the past call or two or maybe more that for the moment, we have been more focused on rate. But as we are seeing the rate get to a certain level, you're going to start to see our count grow.
Rob Berkley: So, generally speaking, we don't really get into that level of granularity as far as loss trends go. From our perspective over the past few years, we think the industry has seen them accelerating with the exception of workers' compensation. But what I would tell you, I think, as we mentioned earlier, we think that the rate increase that we got in the fourth quarter very comfortably outpaces our loss cost assumptions in the aggregate.
Rob Berkley: Richard, do you recall? I don't -- we don't have it on our fingertips, but we'd be happy to try and give you a better answer than that. If you want to, just follow up with Karen, if you wouldn't mind.
Rob Berkley: Look, from my perspective, the change as far as the statute of limitations around sexual abuse, are probably just another compounding factor that has added to the pain. But I think that the industry would have found itself in the position it's in with that or without that, it's just another pressure point, if you will. So, I think that the industry made certain assumptions putting aside the change in the statute of limitations on sexual abuse. I think the industry has been making certain assumptions that this -- what has been, for many years, a very benign loss environment that, that would continue. And I think the industry got hooked on that and I think the industry is going to pay the price for that.
Rob Berkley: I think -- just one thing that -- I think it is a price that the industry is going to pay. I think it is going to create pain. But I also think that there is a silver lining there. And its circumstances like this that serve as the catalyst for the industry to get a dose of reality and for it to start to operate in a more sensible way. And while the pain is unpleasant, it does force that change in behavior. And that's what helps us get to a better place as an industry. 
Rob Berkley: Look, we're -- if you look at our business as far as the premium, I think Rich may have mentioned this or it certainly was in the release, as far as comp goes, we're looking at the rates coming down. And as we see rate adequacy becoming less available, you're going to see us shrink that business. While severity is a problem, probably the even bigger driver is just the action that we're seeing state rating bureaus take. And the other piece is, we're seeing both monoline and multi-line players that are really chasing the business very hard. And we have a view as to what's adequate from a rate perspective, and we're just not going to chase it. We'll go right up to the line of adequacy, and we're not going to trip over that and certainly, we'll do our best not to. But I think the severity component just is something that people need to pay attention to. I think as we've maybe commented in the past, there are a lot of great things that come about as a result of science and technology and the things that healthcare can do to not to save people's lives, but also improve them. Those are wonderful things, but they come at a cost.
Rob Berkley: I don't think you're going to see it shrink that much that quickly. That's for starters. But what I would tell you is, I think, the upside in the rest of the portfolio and the momentum that we're seeing there is going to way outstrip the reduction on the comp front for us. So, even with our underwriting discipline that we will demonstrate in all lines, including in comp and the consequence of that will be that portfolio may continue to shrink; the growth that we will see in the rest of the business will significantly overshadow that.
Rob Berkley: I think the answer is both. But no one's going to know that except through the passage of time. There's a lot of moving pieces out there, and that's what's sort of driving or creating the circumstance that we're navigating through. I think it's pretty clear that we are comfortably, again, outpacing loss cost trend. I think that we will be in a position over time to recognize that with a greater degree of confidence. But we're not going to go too early on that. We're not going to declare a victory prematurely. So, do I think that it's going to come through? Yes, I do think it's going to come through. Do I think that as this year unfolds, we will have more and more evidence? Yes, I think we will have more evidence. And do I think that you will see that coming through, not over time just in development, but will you see that coming through in the current year? Yes, I think if things unfold the way we expect them to, you will see that. But again, we -- as we've shared with you all in 2019, in Q1, these are ex comp, we got 6.3% in Q1 and Q2, we got 5.4%, in Q3, we got 7.3%, in Q4, we got 8.9%. You can see the momentum is building, and we're going to watch that come through. And as it comes through and as there's clarity, we will take action. But we are comfortably convinced that it is going to come through. But even though we are comfortable, we are not going to respond prematurely. 
Rob Berkley: Is there a risk to social inflation as it relates to workers' compensation? Yes, one could come up with ways that it could apply. But practically speaking, at this stage, benefits are clearly prescribed by each one of the states and as a result, it's pretty clear what that is and how that will be awarded and what those sums would be. To the extent that states decide to adjust those benefits more aggressively, yes, it's a possibility. But you got to remember, to a great extent because of how comp is priced off of payrolls, that's helping you keep up with certain types of inflation as well.
Rob Berkley: Yes, you see that. But generally speaking, the attorneys are not really chasing comp dollars. They're chasing auto liability, general liability, umbrella, et cetera, types of exposure or other capacity or coverage.
Rob Berkley: Well, obviously, we look at reinsurance as just another spend, and we try and be thoughtful about it. One of the benefits of our business because the vast majority of what we write are relatively modest limits that we are not captive to the reinsurance market, anything approaching like some others are. So, there are some covers that are really important for us to buy, but there are certainly many covers that we buy that if we don't think they make economic sense anymore, we are not compelled to buy them.
Rob Berkley: We write business that we feel like we have expertise in. That's sort of where it starts and where it ends. We, generally speaking -- well, we have tended to focus more on small accounts. But there are pockets of our business that we'll write some larger accounts. And we are an organization that is opportunistic. And each one of the people that run the businesses in the group and their respective teams understand the goal of the exercises, risk-adjusted return. So, while our focus is on smaller accounts, and I don't expect that you will see our mix shift dramatically, certainly, there are components of the market that are feeling more challenged than others. And to the extent we think there are opportunities to deploy capital in those areas, we will do so. Fortunately, we have the people with the knowledge and expertise to do that in a thoughtful and responsible way.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So, I don't know when it was, that I said 24 months. I think what I was at least trying to suggest, if I'm thinking -- if I'm recalling it correctly, was I had referenced how perhaps commercial auto was towards the front of the pack, and how we saw property coming along. I think we offered some commentary on professional liability, D&O, in particular, really accelerating and making up ground and GL being a bit behind. But I think what's happened is, as people are grappling with the broad circumstances that the market is facing, they are figuring out the GL -- the issues that they saw in auto and the issues that they saw in other places apply to GL, it's, A, it's coming into focus; and B, to people's credit, they're extrapolating from the noise they had in other lines and applying it to GL. So, I think that while GL has been a bit the caboose, I think it's going to make up some ground quickly or it is making up ground quickly.
Rob Berkley: I would tell you, well, first of all, the vast majority of what we write on an E&S basis is outside of Lloyd's. So, I think it's important to keep that in mind, though we do have a meaningful Lloyd's presence, and hopefully, it will be becoming more meaningful over time. But the place that we're seeing the most extreme opportunity would be in the E&S space and a bit in the facultative market, followed by just the general specialty market, which is both E&S and admitted. And some of it is wholesale and some of it is retail.
Rob Berkley: So, we're seeing opportunity there. But I would suggest to you that overall; they are not seeing the same type of opportunity in the regional businesses that we are seeing in our E&S businesses. But there -- it would seem as though they're catching up. It's accelerating.
Rob Berkley: No. First of all, property is not a big part of what we do down there. And number two, based on what we've seen so far, obviously, it's a horrific situation, and our hearts go out to those that are affected on a personal level, but from a business perspective, while we may have a little bit of activity, it would really be just very modest, is our expectation.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Carmen. We appreciate everyone calling in and we certainly appreciate the questions. As suggested earlier, from our perspective, this is the type of market that we are built for and we look forward to the opportunities that will continue to come our way. We think those opportunities will be accelerating from here. And we look forward to updating you in the coming quarters as to how we all are, as a team, capitalizing on those opportunities. Have a good evening.
