Rich Baio: Great. Thanks Rob. Appreciate it. For the first quarter, we reported net income of $123 million or $0.96 per share compared with the prior year's net income of $120 million or $0.93 per share. Due to our focus on total return from an investment perspective and how we manage the business, we have decided to discontinue reporting operating earnings beginning with this quarter. Net income grew approximately 3% due primarily to an increase in pre-tax net realized investment gain of $45 million and pre-tax net investment income of $19 million. Those increases were partially offset by lower underwriting income which was due to a $30 million increase in prior accident year reserves for the change in the Ogden discount rate that Rob had mentioned. The effect of which was approximately $0.17 per share. We reported lower income from non-insurance businesses largely due to the sale of Aero Precision's operations in August 2016 as well as higher start-up cost associated with new operations including our previously announced high net worth business and higher interest expense due to the repositioning of our capital structure we undertook in the first half of 2016. Overall, our net premiums written decreased by 1% to slightly less than $1.65 billion, the insurance segment grew about 1% to approximately $1.5 billion, while the reinsurance segment declined 17% to $153 million. The growth in the insurance segment was due to increases of 9% for professional liability, 7% for workers' compensation, and 4% for commercial automobile. On the other hand, short tail lines and other liability decreased in the quarter due to competitive pressures. For the reinsurance segment, the ongoing competition and inadequate REIT environment has limited the company's ability to achieve acceptable risk adjusted returns for certain business and accordingly net premiums written in both property and casualty have declined over the comparable period. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to deploying capital on a risk adjusted basis. The accident year loss ratio before CAT losses and excluding the change in the Ogden discount rate was 59.8% compared with 60.2% a year ago. The reduction in the Ogden discount rate gave rise to an increase of 1.9 loss ratio points in the quarter. CAT losses were $14.5 million or $1 million lower than the prior year's quarter. This represented 0.9 loss points in first quarter 2017 compared with one loss point in 2016. Loss reserves developed favorably by $2 million or 0.2 loss points compared with $12 million or 0.8 loss points for the same period a year ago. That gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 62.4% including the impact of Ogden an increase of two loss points from a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the first quarter of 2017 was 33.3% compared to 33.1% in the first quarter of 2016. The insurance segment expense ratio increased four-tenths of a point to 32.9% due to the addition of new operation and new product offerings like transactional insurance and professional casualty line by existing companies. We have also expanded in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. The reinsurance segment expense ratio decreased 1.4 percentage points to 37% due primarily to lower acquisition costs. In pure dollar terms, the underwriting expenses decreased by 5.9% while net premiums earned decreased by 2.4% quarter-over-quarter. That brings our combined ratio to 95.7% for the first quarter 2017 compared with 93.5% for the same quarter a year ago, most of the differential relates to the change in the Ogden discount rate. Investment income increased approximately 14% or $19 million to $149 million resulting from a couple main contributors. First, income from fixed income securities was up about $6 million to $108 million with an annualized yield of 3.2%; and second, income from the investment funds increased $10 million dollars compared with the year ago quarter, which is primarily attributable to investments in energy related funds. At March 31, 2017 after-tax unrealized investment gains are $418 million relatively unchanged from the beginning of the year. The average rating was also unchanged at AA minus and the average duration for fixed income maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents decreased from 3.1 years at year-end 2016 to three years at the end of the current quarter. The effective tax rate was 32.4% primarily due to higher net investment gains and a lower proportion of tax exempt interests to pre-tax income in the quarter. That gives us net income of $123 million and an overall return on equity of 9.8% on an annualized basis, and for comparison purposes, a pre-tax return on equity of 14.5%. Book value per share increased $1.08 to $42.73 in the quarter representing an annualized increase of 10.4%. Thanks Rob.
Rich Baio: Let's give you a little bit of a sense. So for starters by and large in the -- the casualty lines and the workers' comp lines trend is proving to be better than we had anticipated when we come up with our picks. Number two we're in many of these lines getting more rate than we had expected and our renewal retention ratio is intact. So speaking -- using again a bit of a broad brush we as a group in our insurance business got something just shy of 2% of rate in the quarter with our renewal retention ratio continuing to sort of hangout in that somewhere between 78% and 82% or so. So the book and the integrity of the book we believe remains strong and you can see that in the renewal retention ratio combined with the rate. And by extension we think the margin that we're achieving during my comments on trend remains give or take flattish there is some lines of business that quite frankly we think the margins are improving and there are other lines of business where clearly we're concerned about the margin. I think you could use the reinsurance segment as an example of that. We are concerned consequently it's shrinking.
Rich Baio: Sure. We have the participation in Lloyd’s Syndicate that is in the reinsurance business for property and casualty. So we moved that over and then we also had an assumed reinsurance business in the workers' comp space that we also moved over from the insurance segment to the reinsurance segment relatively small.
Robert Berkley: Well your comment towards the beginning there that yes we're getting a fair amount of rate certainly more than the growth and by extension the exposure is going the other way. From our perspective, Josh, it depends how quite frankly how hard the market gets and how quickly that that happens. So from our perspective, we continue to shrink the business and demand additional rates. There are others out there that are doing the same thing but we don't think that they are going as far as is required. As we are going to write business that we think is adequately priced to the extent that it's not there, we won't write the business.
Robert Berkley: Josh I'm not going to get into specific rate needs but I would suggest using a very broad brush, the market needs more ways than it is generally speaking obtaining today but obviously the commercial auto space is a pretty big space, so it one would need to use a finer brush than I'm using.
Robert Berkley: Yes, we will have some of that disclosure, I guess, Rich, in the Q, but that's typically not the level of granularity that we're going to get into on the call at this stage. I would tell you that we looked at our reserves every 90 days. We look at them at a very granular level. We had peer reviews done and we take it very seriously. Obviously when we think about how we reserve our business, we take into accounts potential exposures for the unforeseen events, and that is something that is contemplated.
Robert Berkley: Well I -- my two cents is yes there's questions around border adjustment but that doesn't mean there won't be tax reform that impacts the industry but fortunately for me and all of us on the call, we have our in-house experts joining us this evening.
Robert Berkley: Well it doesn't come through on our expense ratio, it does comes through in corporate expense as you may recall, businesses that are not operational we hold those expenses at the parent company and I think it was somewhere between two and three million bucks for the quarter.
Robert Berkley: Sorry, Jay, you broke up on the first part of the question, would you mind repeating that, I just want to make sure I got the whole thing. Apologies.
Robert Berkley: I think that we are finding parts of the commercial auto space attractive. I would tell you that the growth is really driven by rate increase, and as mentioned earlier, our exposure is down, so the rate is up even more than perhaps comes through. Is it adequate? We are talking about a big part of the market in one breath there are parts of the market where we are seeing the rates reach adequate, there are parts of the market where we just sit back and shake our head and wonder what it is that they seem to know or don't know that we don't get. So I would tell you Jay it's one of the advantages of being a specialty player. You can bob and you can weave and figure out where you want to participate and that can evolve. But I would tell you, if you want to talk about just a general commercial lines marketplace, there's still ways to go. And we've been surprised quite frankly by some of the national carriers in particular that are -- had backed away and now seem to be coming in at nowhere to write some pretty good sized fleets which have really left us scratching our head. So again, I think that there is opportunity there but one needs to be careful.
Robert Berkley: Well I think that we are considering lots of different approaches to using potentially other capital than just what sits on our balance sheet. I don't believe we envision our organization not having a meaningful balance sheet in the future, at the same time clearly there are large pools of capital in the world that seem to have a different hurdle rate than what our view of a hurdle rate is and have also a desire to participate in the marketplace, the insurance marketplace to be more specific. And to the extent that we can bring value to those the capital through utilizing our expertise, we are open to that. Now whether that be done through something like reinsurance or whether we manage someone else's capital in a more permanent way, we are open to in considering lots of different concepts of the approach that several carriers have taken already. But I think our priority versus some others may be possibly a bit different. We look for things in more perhaps permanent manner than a temporary manner.
Robert Berkley: We have seen, I think the industry has seen a gradual increase in severity coming out of court rooms certainly in the commercial auto space, it's hard to understand the trend specifically certainly during the financial crisis, we actually were surprised by what happened with loss trends and they proved to be a bit more benign than we would have expected in certain lines. But clearly more recently, I think the industry is experiencing an increasing severity trend coming out of Jury awards, we will have to see how that plays out over time and somewhat is adjunct to the Ogden discussion or other situations. Ultimately what ends up happening and I think often times is forgotten society overall pays the price because all the industry does is redistribute that expense back to society and it just rears its head ultimately in the premiums everyone else pays.
Robert Berkley: Not necessarily certainly attachment point is important always has been for those that are excess writers. But I think ultimately risk selection is paramount important as well but clearly once upon a time a $1 million loss in a commercial auto space was very exceptional, it's not as much the exception anymore as it once was.
Robert Berkley: Yes, it was really more of a housekeeping thing for us for purposes of clarity, we thought we should have all the reinsurance where it is and not be pre-occupied with internal reporting and more the nature of the business.
Robert Berkley: Sure. Well Berkley One it's not operational, they have written zero premium and we don't expect they will be operational probably until the fourth quarter. So they are great contributors to the organization just not in the premium line yet. And as we have few other operations that would fall in that category where they are sort of irons in the fire in addition to that we have some businesses again that as commented about the impact on the expense ratio that are operational but at this stage are dilutive to the overall and are just beginning to get momentum. I understand that perhaps the underlying question is how to actually figure out what your growth is going to be or our growth is going to be going forward. And I guess my response is to tell me what market conditions are going to be and I can tell you what the growth rate is likely to be. So again we have -- the reason for my comment about not leaping to any conclusions as to this being a new norm for insurance growth, one is because hard to know market conditions are going to be; but two, we have a fair number of things in the hopper that are going to be coming online sort of gradually over the next 12 months or so which certainly over the next 12 to 24 and into 36 months could be very meaningful contributors to the top-line and we would expect the bottom-line as well.
Robert Berkley: So a couple of things. One I think that it's worth noting that we were trying to send a message as you referenced that we think about running the business from a risk adjusted return perspective we think about total return, we think about how we're building value, book value for shareholders. As far as the comment around consistency of results it is certainly our expectation and hopefully as yours as well that our underwriting results will continue to be predictable and consistent as you suggested that has been the view historically. At the same time as we've discussed and you're as aware as we are, we have taken some steps from as it relates to the investment portfolio to with some respect really again being focused on the total return and not just being preoccupied with the operating income number and traditional investment income because again when we've talked to shareholders the message that we've received from them is that is what is a priority. So they change in how we report is merely us sending a message to you and others that this is how we are thinking about it, this is how our board is thinking about it, and in part this is how we've been asked to think about it or we are in agreement with our shareholders. Having said all of that we don't think that we've created quite the enigma or puzzle for anyone to and we certainly are not trying to be anything but transparent. So if you look at the fourth bullet points under the highlights it's pretty straightforward math to back into an operating income number. So again it's not that we are trying to be difficult or anything but transparent at the same time, we are trying to share with you and others how we think about the business.
Robert Berkley: I think the way that you should think about it is just as my boss is suggested to in the past give or take you should expect something in the neighborhood of $100 million a year that run rate sort of divide by four is going to get to the $25 million a quarter and the reality is it's going to be lumpy and there may be some years as we have had in the past where we exceed that and some years where we come up short. I appreciate given one of the objectives that you have that that doesn't help you from a modeling perspective and we are sensitive to that but ultimately our charges to create value for shareholders. Yes, as we -- just one last thing obviously as you suggested in the release while not to count any chicks before they hatch, at the same time certainly things are pointed in the direction again as we suggested that we will and we will likely to exceed the targeted number.
Robert Berkley: Not necessarily. I think we tried to fully anticipate what the impact of Ogden would be. And ultimately we've addressed that with the charge or the development more specifically that we took in that part of the business. So I would suggest that you not lead to that conclusion at all.
Robert Berkley: Actually one other comment that I should add to that is in fact it maybe possibly one of the green shoots and there aren't many in the reinsurance space that may serve actually as a catalyst for improved market conditions as well as the insurance market.
Robert Berkley: Honestly I don't have the dollars in front of me, if you won't mind giving Rich a call at your convenience he can -- or Karen, either one of them, they can get you that detail.
Robert Berkley: I think as we've suggested in the past when we have to the extent that we have excess capital we have three obvious alternatives one is to repurchase shares, two is repurchase debt, three is to pay a special dividend. There's we're very conscious of our capital structure, we are very conscious of having the optimal amount of capital as far as the specifics around which trigger we choose to pull that's something that we discuss after we've done it. So again I don't think that there's a threshold or a specific detail that we publicly disclose because quite frankly we don't think that's in the best interest of our shareholders.
Robert Berkley: Bob, you need to use a fine brush and the comp well no different than the rest of the market. There are certain parts of the comp market certain territories certain microcosms if you will within the broader market where we think that they're very attractive and we have some very skilled colleagues that understand their market well they have some good tools and they use a scalpel not a cleaver. So I think they are -- they are knowledgeable about where their margin is and how much freight they need or how much headroom they have to give up in order to achieve targeted returns. So I would caution one not to lead to the conclusion that happy days in the comp market across the nation. It's quite, it's not the case at all but for those that know what they're doing it's still a pretty good opportunity.
Robert Berkley: Okay, Valarie. Thank you very much for your assistance this evening and certainly thank you to all that dialed in. We think that in spite of the noise stemming from the things such as Ogden and a couple of other events that we referenced impacting the accident year, some non-CAT weather related and other short-tail lines, we think we’ve have a pretty decent quarter. We think we have a lot of things again in a fire or the incubator that quite frankly position us well for the next couple of years and we remain quite optimistic. We think we understand our business, we think this is one of those moments when being in the specialty business and being able to bob and weave and run between the legs of the giants is when you're able to actually deliver better long-term returns for shareholders. So again thank you all for calling in and we look forward to speaking with you in give or take 90 days.
William Berkley: I think that -- this is Bill; I think that there are lots and lots of opportunities. And we follow accounting rules to reflect unrealized gains that show on our balance sheet and that don't. So health equity which now shows on our balance sheet until we got under 20% we had $400 plus million of unrealized gains that didn't show on our balance sheet because those are the accounting rules. We own real estate that we carry at cost because that that's how you do it. And we think that, that there's substantial unrecognized value in most if not all of our properties which in value were probably certainly is in the hundreds of millions of dollars. But you can't predict at any moment in time, if we could, we would because then we would have predictability and all of the analysts would love that predictability in a quarter-by-quarter basis. And the answer is though we have lots of unrecognized gains some that aren't at all reflected on our balance sheet and it's likely they will be realized over the next few years and hopefully we find new investments to create more opportunities. We do that in our private equity business. We do that in all parts of our investment portfolio. And at least as of this moment, we don't see anything that's causing us to believe that's not going to continue.
William Berkley: It's a continuous process. Today may be a harvesting environment and tomorrow may be an investing opportunity; it just depends on the opportunities that are presented. We don't know ahead of time, I sit and talk to someone about an opportunity and maybe we'll be able to take advantage of it and maybe we won't. But it's you look at a hundred things and three of them you invest in and one of them is terrific, one of them is okay, and one of them may not be really so great but it's a constant process. So I can't tell you that answer because it just, it changes all the time.
William Berkley: And the answer is I think we will give you some clarity in the Q. We looked at our reserves on a quarterly basis and we felt comfortable with the release that you saw. I'm not sure what else there is to share with you. There is no different that we have done any other, other quarter. I would tell you that certainly when we think about setting our reserves and we think about IBNR, we do take into considerations what we would define as a risk margin for the unforeseen events. So again I think you will see more disclosure in the Q.
William Berkley: I think -- not I think I know the answer to question is that we look at the numbers every 90 days and we try and make a judgment about what is appropriate.
William Berkley: Not necessarily. What I'm suggesting is something a bit more macro and we have not reached any conclusions. It's just a general observation that you've had much of Washington being controlled by people that are friendly to the plaintiff bar and as many of those people play a role in setting policy and appointing judges and over the time we can see that tickle through.
William Berkley: I think ultimately our tax issue is really right in the process of the administration where the administration has recognized there are many areas most especially I think insurance industry where our tax laws have been twisted to favor non-domestic companies it's clear for us in the insurance industry where companies write United States business and reinsurer offshore and do not pay their fair share of taxes. Many companies do it and in fact virtually all domestic reinsures have moved offshore. We're one industry that we understand. But similar advantages have been created by many companies where they do business here and find ways to move their income offshore. We believe this administration wants to focus on those kinds of things and therefore we think we have a much improved opportunity to level the playing field.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, thanks. And my other question that the comment you made about the last eight years and the impact that could have. So is that should we take away from that again with a broad brush, are you sort of saying that favorable development should be expected to decline as a result of that.
Arash Soleimani: Good evening just had a couple follow-ups. So I know that the $30 million Ogden charge and so is it reasonable to expect going forward then that the current estimated loss rate should be higher in reinsurance.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. That makes sense. And then if so, again if we exclude the CAT in the $2 million favorable that comes up for core loss ratio about 61.6% versus 60.2% last year, I know you said some of that is from weather losses or short-tail losses that didn't meet the threshold for a CAT. Can you just quantify how much those contributed to the loss ratio this quarter? I'm just trying to get a --
Ryan Tunis: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up I guess was just sort of philosophical around the decision to get rid of the operating income definition.
Ryan Tunis: So yes I mean I understand the positives with the realized gains that don't get counted but I guess historically we thought about Berkley is having more steady results, lot of peers because of the amount of casualty business you guys write. I guess just curious how you weighed those offsets and thinking about going to the net income model.
Ryan Tunis: That's helpful. I guess since we do have to think about that line just a little bit more I guess. I guess Rob's comments that are being ahead of pace for the 100 mill should we take that to just be a fact of the fact that you did 52 this quarter and we would have expected 25 or was that a broader comment about visibility into the harvesting pipeline.
