Rob Berkley: Dylan, thank you very much, and thank you all for joining our call today and welcome to our second quarter call. So on this end of the phone as in the past is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chair; and Rich Baio, our CFO, along with of course myself. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we did last time around where Rich is going to walk you through some of the highlights from the quarter and frame it for you a bit. And once you've gotten through his comments, I'm going to offer a few relatively brief comments, and then we will be turning it over to all of you to address any questions that you may have. So with that, Rich, if you would, please.
Rob Berkley: Five years or so. And clearly that will benefit us in many ways, included in that will be a benefit of higher earned premium coming down the road, which will leverage our expenses that much more and we'll benefit on the expense ratio side, and obviously there are other positives that will come from the growth. Rate increases for the quarter were just shy of 5.5%, again a very healthy clip from our perspective. We believe comfortably outpacing trend and we'll nurture the benefit on many levels in particular the loss ratio we think we will be improving in the future as well. Few sound bites on the investment front, clearly a very strong quarter in particular the investment funds, as Rich mentioned earlier, as it relates to duration on the fixed income portfolio, shortened ever so slightly to the 2.6. Again, as Rich had touched on, we don’t see it coming in much from there. Having said that, there's not a lot of reason, not a lot of justification for taking the duration out at this stage. And as we have harped on in the past and continue to be very wed to, flexibility and quality when it comes to the investment portfolio is of paramount importance to us. The alternative investment portfolio and that is really yielded a lot of terrific gains over the past many years. We continue to see great promise there. As I’ve mentioned, I believe last quarter or within the past couple of quarters, the pipeline of gains that we have there as both a broad and deep and over what we would – our best estimate at this stage of sort of six, nine, 12 months or so, we would imagine there will be some meaningful gains that are going to be coming through that – that currently are not visible on our balance sheet. So before we flip it over to questions, I guess one last comment from me and that is reverting back to some of the earlier comments. The market is clearly transitioning and it's transitioning or the table is being set for the ideal underwriting market for an organization like ours. If you look at our history, when things start to move in this direction and the market begins to shift, we are able to pivot in a particularly nimble manner and capitalize on the opportunity. So I think collectively, I'm on this end of the phone we are cautiously enthusiastic but with good reason for where things are going for the next many quarters. So let me pause there, and then we would like to open it up for questions at this time if you could, please.
Rob Berkley: Look from our perspective we continued to think that comp is the one outlier as mentioned earlier, the transitioning in the opposite direction of everything else. You’ve seen action and you continue to see action by state rating bureaus, that’s pretty aggressive in our opinion. I think it's a little bit early to really reach a conclusion as to where – what the loss cost trends will remain benign. There is a lot of things that would support they will. There is a lot of data that would suggest that you're going to see a pickup particularly in the frequency line. I think as we touched on last quarter, I'll now – I’ll reference again in a tight labor market, when you have more people working overtime and you have a lot of people in jobs that they are not as well trained for, that's often time value as accidents and unfortunately people could get hurt and that can lead to frequencies. So, when we look out as far as the comp line goes, we think that there are clearly pockets where there is still opportunity, but we are being measured and cautious. I think that’s really the difference between being a specialty player and just being a standard player. The comp line like any other line that we participate in expertise and knowledge and experience make a difference. 
Rob Berkley: Yes. My comments were about GL across the board. I would tell you the most significant growth that we're seeing is taking advantage of some of the things that I was referencing as a business selling out of the standard in to the E&S market where we are able to get the price, the terms and conditions that we want. I don't think GL across the board has gotten the momentum that you will see it have in all likelihood towards the end of this year or early next year. And I think that is on a trajectory that is likely to follow something akin to what you've seen in parts of the professional space or the Commercial Auto space. This hasn't gotten there yet. It’s got a little more tail to it so it takes a little more time for the pain to come into focus, but it's common.
Rob Berkley: Yes, I can't comment on what's going on over at the Travelers, Alan and the gang over there, they're very smart, capable people. But they would be more well-positioned to comment on their portfolio. As far as ours – look, we continue to see Commercial Auto as a challenging line and that's why we are getting the rate that we're getting, and in spite of all the rate that we're getting, we're seeing the line grow. But quite frankly, the top-line is growing slower than the rate that we're achieving. And I think you could probably triangulate off of those data points. It tells you something. Commercial Auto is challenge, it's been challenged for a while when we look at our data and our experience we've had concerns about it for what has been measured in years, which is why we've been pushing for rate as long as we have, and that's why you've seen in that product line shrink, a lot of bit, – excuse me, quite a bit over the last couple of years. But more recently, we're seeing it grow because we're able to really get the rate that we think we need.
Rob Berkley: So we have many operations like Commercial Auto, some write as Monoline, some write this as part of a package or a multi-line offering. We have some folks that write it on a primary basis others that write Excess and so on and so forth. This is just another operation that we are pleased to provide capital to that we think is loan by a group of people that have great expertise and can generate good risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders.
Rob Berkley: I think the capital management is not only about our business, it's about the environment, it's about cost-of-capital and alternative supplies of capital. I think in the current environment, we've had giving dividends to shareholders as special dividends was the best use of excess capital we were generating. And if you ask me today, what would that be, it would be the same answer. But tomorrow it could be different and I don't have a particular overall view. We continue to view capital management as one of the key elements in delivering real returns to the owners of our Company and we view this business as our shareholders are the owners of the Company. So our view is how do we optimize their investor outcome and that's either producing the number of shares outstanding by buybacks, and special dividends, expanding the business and we try and look at where that is at any moment in time. That's still our view. What those variables will be at the moment in time when we decide we have excess capital and we don't see a use for within a certain timeframe hasn't changed the moment. So today if you asked me it would be special dividends, but obviously tomorrow that could change.
Rob Berkley: Josh, it's very hard for us to opine on somebody else's reserves as I'm sure you could appreciate, different organizations have different methodologies and approaches to how they set reserves. The one comment I would offer is that historically in a competitive environment, large accounts are the ones that have the pricing that get gutted the most or in other words it becomes the most competitive. I'm not going to bore you with my speech about what a bunch of baloney it is to give large account discounts because that's just – well, I can say that for you for another time. But I think workers’ comp included from my perspective, I see it a little differently than what your question may have suggested.
Rob Berkley: I think it's a combination of both and what percentage of one versus the other ranges by territory and a component of the account market. Probably, the rating bureaus clearly are taking meaningful actions. At the same time, it has been surprising to me perhaps to others, how quickly some of the national carriers with a multi-line offering are getting very aggressive and what I would define some territories that can be very volatile and some niches that I think require meaningful expertise.
Rob Berkley: You know, I don't mean to be cute, but generally speaking we just don't give that level of granularity because we're not looking to send out invitations to the oasis or the watering hole. I would tell you that a good indicator is wherever you see the overarching market firming the most is probably where you're seeing the most flow come into the facultative market.
Rob Berkley: I think it's probably no different, but my view is that it's no different than what you're seeing in the Insurance market. I figure that the property market overall, particularly cat exposed property, is probably about a pace or so ahead of the casualty market, but directionally they're moving together.
Rob Berkley: Yeah, I don't have the specific data on that, but I would tell you that seemingly the Lion's share of the E&S businesses is still going through a wholesale broker. Do I think that there are examples of other ways businesses retailers accessing? Yes, but again, I think due to expertise amongst other things and it continues to be very, very much predominantly wholesale brokers.
Rob Berkley: So, look by nature we are – we'd like to at least think and we try to be a thoughtful and measured organization. We are – I am cautiously optimistic. We are cautiously optimistic, but we are optimistic. Clearly, as I suggested, we have more confidence as to where things are going this quarter or the end of – reflecting on Q2 than we did reflecting on Q1. There is a growing amount of evidence that the momentum is likely to build from here. But we have – this isn't our first time around as an organization and we've got a lot of historic knowledge and expertise. The way that you play the cycle or a cycle management if you like, we stand ready to open up the spigot as widely as we think the opportunity presents itself. But please understand the way we tend to do this is it's on a dimmer switch, if you will and we're seeing – it's not just a traditional switch worth on and off. We are seeing a growing number of opportunities and as we see those opportunities we are looking to take advantage of them on behalf of our shareholders. But it hasn't gotten to the point where everything across the board is a green light. We are seeing more green lights, but it's not all green lights.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that generally speaking, we think the Commercial Auto space has been and continues to firm across the board. There are pockets where we think the level of firming is adequate that it makes sense to write more business and we are growing. And there are pockets, while we're pleased to see that it's been directionally firming, it has not gotten to the point that we think it makes sense to write the business or expand our footprint. But beyond that I don't think it makes sense and my colleagues don't think it makes sense. We don't think it makes sense to get into a lot more detail. It just wouldn't be in the best interest of our shareholders.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Dylan, thank you very much for your assistance and we certainly appreciate everyone calling in. As demonstrated in the results, and certainly, hopefully people picked up in the comments, we think that it's not only a good quarter as far as the financial results, but the fundamentals are in place for us to build the momentum from here. So we look forward to updating you in about 90 days. Thank you again for your time.
