Rob Berkley: Well, from our perspective I think it's pretty clear that in many lines of business loss costs are moving up. Workers comps maybe one of the few phenomenon where we're seeing certain components of the loss cost particularly the frequency trends being negative which then annures to the benefit. But overall, when you look at the level of financial inflation in the broader systems and if you look at the level of social inflation that there is a growing evidence around we think that there are lots of ways to affect the rates. Again, one is the price we charge, one is terms and conditions attachment point deductable et cetera et cetera.  Our view is that given the level of inflation that is in the system and that presents itself in many different ways one needs to be taking appropriate action. So yes, when we talked about 3.9 of rate that is just what's you're being driven by the pricing we are doing other things as well which we think will impact the margins.
Rob Berkley: Well, I don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. I think as we have commented in the past we are running at 33 something pretty consistently. We are looking to take a point off that over time consistently. And once we have gotten to that new level then we will look to see other opportunities for us to improve from there. But again, I would caution you and others please keep in mind that occasionally we need to make certain types of investments in order to position ourselves to improve which could come at a cost.
Rob Berkley: Are we getting some loss notices yes, of course we are as I presume others are in the market place but I think would be a really premature for us to begin to even speculate as to what that’s going to be having said that as you know, and as we continue to demonstrate we’ve managed volatility in what we believe is a thoughtful and measured manner and given our comments around property pricing particularly cat exposed property we tend to underwrite that certainly compared to the average among our peers.
Rob Berkley: Our expectation between the rate that we’re looking to achieve and we’ve been able to achieve so far as well as some of the other underwriting actions that we’ve taken we believe that ultimately it will to inure to the benefit of the margin and you’ll see margins enhancement on the underwriting side.
Rob Berkley: Well I am not familiar with the others book of business. I can only react to our portfolio and I would suggest that you might give a call to the folks over at CCI, they put together some what I would define as very helpful broad data on the industry and I think that might give you some further insight and I would expect that would dovetail with our comments.
Rob Berkley: Yes. Much of what's in there we book on a quarterly lag, having said that I think it’s a little bit early for us to really point you in a direction, I think Karen has given some historical guidance in the past and we’ve as well I think somewhere between 15 million to 20 million a quarter and but again if you look back over the history there’s a fair amount of volatility in that, it’s a very different animal than the fixed income portfolio.
Rob Berkley: We continue to guide people towards the 25 million a quarter is the right plug if you will for your model at the same time as we have been quite emphatic the nature of the type of investments and how it gets realized there it’s going to be a good deal of volatility. We’ve had a couple of good years. I would suggest do not make the assumption that that means that we have gone through all of the opportunity to monetize I would tell you that the pipeline is both deep and broad at the same time the timing of when that gets realized could easily vary by some number of quarters. So again, my suggestion to you is as you continue to use the 25 million at the same, per quarter at the same time from our perspective. Well it may not help you that the nature is there will be volatility in there.
Rob Berkley: I think the long and the short of it is, it’s really an opportunistic decisions, opportunity comes along we'll harvest one asset or another and it really is purely opportunistic. And I think that will continue to be where we are.
Rob Berkley: The thoughts that I would share with you are the following. I think, it varies greatly by territory, it varies greatly by class. So I would be reluctant to use such a broad brush for really it will requires a fine brush to provide a specific answer as you’re looking for. I would tell you that they’re clearly parts of the market not the whole market, but there are parts of the market that we find very attractive still in spite of what’s been happening with the action coming out of the rating bureaus, which is why you see us continuing to grow the line of business as articulated in the release.
Rob Berkley: I’m sorry, we missed the last part of that we were pre-occupied with the 10 decades and I turned to my…
Rob Berkley: I think that it would be appropriate to think that when you see cat activity should expect the experience on a relative basis for our organization to be relatively benign. The growth that maybe referring to in the product line that Rich, I think you're going to the release is really driven by, but I would define as non-property short tail lines. So examples of that not limited to this, but examples of that would be surety, as well as A&H. But we have had and continue to have the view that this business is all about risk adjusted return. If and when there's an opportunity that we believe that the risk adjusted returns make sense in a cross property cat space, we are prepared to play that game. But we believe that when you think about risk one needs to factor in volatility. So until you see a dramatic shift and it would have to be very dramatic. Then you will continue to see us the underweighted in some of the cat exposed lines. And to the extent that rates get attractive then we certainly will be sharing with you and other stakeholders to the extent our appetite has changed and why. But we are not going to do anything that we don't think we get paid appropriately for the risk.
Rob Berkley: No. First of all, we generally don't use leverage in our real estate portfolio. So it has really had much impact on us. Our real estate portfolio I think we have one building that we will read for one mortgage on, but that's the total sum of our historic mortgages. So it doesn't really have much impact on us. Number two, we're developing projects. So the increase in our investment in real estate, we finished the building in London it's something like 60 something percent rented up, maybe 70% I don't know exactly as of the moment. And we have buildings in Washington that are just finishing up and we have finished in 100% leased building in New York City. So what you've seen is our completion of buildings and renting them up, not new project started.
Rob Berkley: All right, Josh let me repeat the question back here to make sure I got it correct if you don't mind. So were you asking about Berkeley One our personalized business or just in general or exposure to cat or I just want to make sure. 
Rob Berkley: Okay, I appreciate the clarity. So maybe this is as far as that piece right off the bat, we do not burn our way into the market maybe to put a slightly finer point on it whether that’d be due to selection or pricing or whatever our colleagues that are running the business are true professionals and not only do they have the technical expertise but we’ve a shared set of values out of respect for the capitals that our various stakeholders provide us, so is it possible at any given one off risk that we could be cheaper than competitor C, yes it is certainly possible, but it's also possible on the next three quarters that we would be less competitive than competitor C or competitor A or competitor P, so to make a long story short, no I do not believe that we are burning our way into the market and philosophically I don’t think the folks that are running that part of the business on behalf of the shareholders subscribe to that at all.  As far as our overall approach to cat and exposures such as wildfire it certainly is something that we have a high sensitivity to, we measure our exposure and our aggregates very carefully we’ve some very skilled people in our ERM department making sure that we understand what we have out there. We have a clear view around what our risk appetite is as an organization and then ultimately we will find partners that are looking to deploy capacity in the reinsurance market to help us manage whatever exposure is beyond what our appetite may be. So long story short, at Berkeley One has not changed our philosophies in general or our risk appetite.
Rob Berkley: How big? I think Berkley one five years from now is going to be very meaningful to our organization. I think it is meaningful today because of the contribution that colleagues are making in building and developing our franchise and I think that that will broader terms here as the financial contribution becomes something that will move the needle in a meaningful way for the group.
Rob Berkley: I think there's certainly are pockets of the market where you see standard market appetite expanding and consequently you see a relaxing of terms and conditions and I think that there is a meaningful parts of the market that are moving in the other direction where you're seeing a tightening of terms and conditions as well and you’re seeing business exit the standard market. So again I am not trying to be difficult but it really varies depending on what product -- what pocket excuse me of the market you’re referring to but I referenced the terms and conditions, attachment points, deductible etc., because people tend to get very focused on did the rate move up how much, did it move down how much and those are really important things and certainly our rate monitor tries to capture some of that, what I would tell you is that I don't think any rate monitor is fully is able -- excuse me is able to fully capture change in terms, conditions etc.
Rob Berkley: I think the pendulum tends to swing back and forward as we observe and I think there’s a delay and I think we’re on -- we’ve expressed our view in the past and it continues to be our view Brian that part of the resurgence in the plaintiff bar and perhaps some of what you see coming out of jury is a reflection of the environment over the past eight years that we had Washington really very much influenced through a more of the Democrat lens, I suspect if you roll the movie forward over time you’ll see the pendulum swinging back the other way but there’s clearly a delay.
Rob Berkley: So again I don’t know if anyone can scientifically if you will or mathematically prove exactly what has driven this relatively benign environment for an extended period of time even though there’s data that would suggest it has to do with safer workforce, medical costs as well and a variety of other things.  I would suggest that perhaps that one of the larger concerns that we have, that could send it sailing back in the other direction. Putting aside what people have been trying to do on as far as managing costs would the a very, very tight workforce, like one that we’re seeing today, sub 4% but what ends up happening when you have an environment like that often times Brian you get people in jobs that they have not received an appropriate level of training for it, that often times can lead to accident and injury.  They also get people working overtime, and oftentimes people get a degree of fatigue that can lead to accident and injury. So my crystal ball is pretty much as foggy as anyone else’s, but that certainly is one of the things that when we lock ourselves in a room together and try and figure out where things are going, that’s one of the thoughts that we kick around. 
Rob Berkley: I think it was trying to right up the middle by and large. So I think the improvements that we’ve been talking about that you’ll see with time are going to come as a result of rate and changes that we are making on in the underwriting front for the pricing again, and not just terms conditions but selection as well. 
Rob Berkley: Again as we suggested under the lens of volatility risk adjusted return we’re focusing on property cat and the comments earlier. Volatility in general is something that we are very sensitive to. I would caution you not to make the leap that in some cases where we adjust attachment points that that would have a dramatic impact on the type of volatility we have in our portfolio. I would also remind you that the lion's share of the business that we write is not large account or even in an access tower. The vast majority of the business we write is relatively small limit business.  So I think this as a data point, more than 85% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So when you think about that in the context we are not a big access market and we are not a subscription market in a big way. The lion's share of what we do, we write the whole individual account. 
Rob Berkley: There was -- we've had a shift in the portfolio and I'm going to give you my key suggestions, then Rich can give you a little bit more color. Rich, that was my heads up, it's about to come over to you.
Rob Berkley: What's happened is we had several structure deals there where the loss ratio had a quarter or cap on it, if you will, and the commission was on a sliding scale. The commissions were particularly high. The colleagues running the business decided pursuing those in general did not make a lot of sense going forward. Commissions came down, scale of the business came down, internals went up. I'm done.
Rob Berkley: If that was the message that I sent to you and others or if I left you with that and questions -- what I'm suggesting is this. We've been running at 33 something give or take, more often than not for a while. We did express a desire to take a point off of that. And once we get that accomplished, we will be as a group looking to see other opportunities to improve from there. I would suggest -- I guess the additional comments where I would just remind people that in order to make this progress, occasionally one has to take a half a step back in order to take two steps forward. So I am not suggesting to you, I'm not, in any way shape or form what your assumption should be. That assumption is your assumption. I am telling you is as I think some of the progress that we have been looking to make was visible in the quarter, at the same time we do have other initiatives that could move it back in the other direction temporarily.
Rob Berkley: So I'm going to yield to my boss who has decades more experience than I do and I think he can give you a better perspective than I.
Rob Berkley: Again, from our perspective the D&O space in general is pretty competitive. As far as opportunities or niches within the D&O space, we prefer not to get into where we see the pockets of opportunities. But again, the large accounts and we all read about the loss activity if you pick up the Wall Street Journal you can't help but stumble across it. There's been a fair amount of loss activity. There has been a frequency of severity if you will and that's not uncommon for the D&O space. I think the problem is that the market has been very competitive for an extended period of time, and I'm not sure if there is an appropriate level of premium to be able to endure the level of loss activity, and again I think that’s particularly noteworthy and what I would define as the Fortune 5000.
Rob Berkley: Okay thank you very much, we appreciate you all calling in; from our perspective again it was a solid quarter, it was an opportunity for us to demonstrate how we manage risk and in return particularly in this quarter under the lens of property cat. We spent a good deal of time focused on a lot of things and how we managed the business, but we try not to spend our lives being obsessed with what’s in the rearview mirror, but actually looking at the front windshield. Hence how we've been positioning the investment portfolio for an extended period of time, as well as the actions that we’ve been taking on the underwriting side. We think there are clearly opportunities in the marketplace and we are pleased with the strength and stability of our platform. So, thank you all again for calling in and we look forward to talking about another successful quarter within 90 days.
