William Robert Berkley: Thanks, Kate. Good morning. We're really pleased with where things are going. We're pleased with the environment and the opportunities that we see. We're pleased not only because we see opportunities going forward, but we see -- pleased, because we see the issues that are problems, and we feel we have solutions that will allow us to move forward. So we're going to start with Rob, talking about the business, then Gene talking about our numbers and follow up with me, talking more of an overview and then take questions. So Rob, you're up.
William Robert Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So we were pleased with the results. Briefly, our investment portfolio changed only slightly. We effectively changed part of our common stock investment strategy to a hedged portfolio, where we hedged with options and had less exposure. It reduced our net exposure to the market. It's proved to be a good decision. At the same time, we slightly increased our municipal exposure, and we slightly increased, effectively, our cash. Our general view is the biggest question we face as an enterprise is the tension between the risks of inflation and the threat of deflation. It's costing us a lot of money to maintain the liquidity we have and to keep the duration of our portfolio at 3.3 years, which is sort of 10% below the duration of our liability. Our liability duration is 3.6 years, roughly, and we're at 3.3. It's sort of leaning, not being too definitive, towards the fear of inflation. Inflation is how we set our reserves, assuming a certain level of inflation. The redundancies come out, because, in fact, that inflation that we feel is just around the corner has not materialized. And as long as that continues, we'll continue to have significant redundancies coming out or being built up in our reserves. That cushion is really nice. It happened for an extended period of time, and it protects us from the uncertainty of inflation. We're doing the same thing in our investment portfolio. We're keeping that shorter duration. And in fact, as a cornerstone issue of minimizing our exposure to that unforeseen loss, we look at the $4 trillion balance sheet of the Federal Reserve, and we're worried. There's no sign, we're not being foolish, we're not selling all our long-term bonds, we're still investing in that -- maintaining that 3.3-year duration. We're still establishing reserves with an expected level of inflation that's reasonable and not crazy, but it is the guidepost that says you need to worry. It's out there, and it could happen, and it'll happen when you can least afford it. Some of our competitors are taking a different stance. In the short run, it is costing us. We think in the long run, we'll be rewarded. I think generally speaking, we're pretty pleased with our results. We haven't gotten our expenses where they need to go. It's at the top of our priority list, along with what's always been our first item, which is underwriting profitability, price increases, which especially on the domestic front, we had an excellent year. And we expect that same discipline is going to be applied throughout the world and most places it is. So with that, I would -- Kate, I'm happy to turn this over for questions.
William Robert Berkley: First, I don't think we said loss costs are running at 4%. Somebody else may have, but that isn't what we said, so I'll -- Rob, you can...
William Robert Berkley: Yes, I think you're referring to a comment I made. And, really, the point that we were trying to articulate is that it's a balance that all of our operating units are constantly trying to strike between rates versus adding to exposure, or in many cases, policy count. And for us, we have a growing number of our operations that, on a policy-year basis, are meeting or exceeding our targeted returns. So, again, we find ourselves, when we get into that position, saying, "Do we want to push rate harder and possibly write less business? Or do we want to temper how we are pushing for rate and get what we think the market will bear, but also grow count to a certain extent?" I think one of the pieces to your earlier point that one needs to keep in mind as it relates to the 5.7%, which incidentally for our domestic insurance was north of 6%, is that we remain very comfortable that we are outpacing trends by a notable margin to the extent that our -- quite frankly, our margins continue to improve.
William Robert Berkley: It really depends on the line of business, to be perfectly honest. I think that our view has been that 3-ish is -- has been the pick that we've been using for some time now. I think, quite frankly, there are some out there that in the past have been more optimistic than us. And now, as a result, or perhaps timing, to catch up a bit or maybe choosing to pick a higher number. But we feel, based on everything that we know about our book and what we see going on around us, that 3% will continue to be an adequate number. And, quite frankly, again, as a reserve development has played out, referenced earlier in the discussion, it's proven to be more than adequate.
William Robert Berkley: Let me just add that, that 3% number, which we sort of have used in our reserving, in fact, is the number that has proved to be, in reality, a little more conservative than what reality has been. So I think that, at least that's where it's been to date.
William Robert Berkley: Well, the goal is always to keep everyone uncertain. And I think that part of it is you buy back stock when the stock is available, when people come to you and offer you pieces of stock, when you can do things, and you think the stock is attractive relative to where you think the intrinsic value of the enterprise is, what you think the growth opportunities are and what the returns are. So just as in the third quarter, we had a substantial capital gain, which generated unforeseen excess capital, which gave us the capacity to buy back a lot of stock outside of our modeled capital needs. So we plan on our capital use. And any time we generate substantial capital above our capital plan, we step back and say, "Okay, are we going to be able to grow faster this year or do we want to buy the stock back? What availability do we have for buying back stock and what price?" So it's a constant measure of where do we go, what do we do. And honestly, we felt the stock's value was good from the point of view of our shareholders versus the alternatives of how do we create value and maximize the returns for our shareholders. Tomorrow, we might decide it'd be better to pay a special dividend or find a company to acquire. I can't tell you. It's -- we make decisions, we talk to the board as to what the right opportunity is at the time. But the issue is we were generating, and in this case, mainly, because we had an especially large gain based upon what's opportune at the moment.
William Robert Berkley: This is -- I'm sorry, this is Rob. The answer is that we -- in all likelihood, you will see a gradual improvement over '14 and, certainly, into '15, as I suggested. Part of the improvement will come from higher earned premium. And, quite frankly, some of the smaller businesses in their infancy, their earned premium getting to a more substantial level or catching up with their written as they grow a bit. I think the other thing that we're constantly looking at is whether we, as an organization, are as lean and mean as we need to. Are the things that we're doing -- are we fully embracing efficiency where we can? At the same time, that should not be misinterpreted. We are not going to depart from our decentralized structure. So I think a lot of the benefit will come from higher earned premium, at the same time, as we have in the past. And we will continue to be vigilant about how we spend dollars and pennies as well. I think the other comment that I would make is it's a slippery slope to line up all P&C insurance companies and start comparing their expense ratios. I think one needs to take into account the mix of business and the nature of a higher expense model that often goes along with some of the specialty line. Now one needs to be able to compensate for that and then some with the loss ratio and, ultimately, delivering an attractive combined which we were acutely aware of. But I think that one needs to understand that there are parts of our Specialty business, quite frankly, that are running its combined in the 80s, and they have an expense ratio that starts with a 4. And ultimately, our view is that, that make sense because we're delivering a good return. So again, as was suggested earlier, we are acutely aware of the expense ratio, and we would like to see that improve by, certainly, a couple of points over some period of time. At the same time, I would caution people and not leaping to any conclusion based on comparing our expense ratio to others that have a very different mix of business.
William Robert Berkley: I think withdrawing, in particular, pieces of the business on an international basis appears to be more significant, because it's a much smaller business, so we withdraw from one particular thing or another. And in a quarter, it particularly may seem more consequential that it would elsewhere.
William Robert Berkley: It's probably a combination of both, to a certain extent. But it's more driven by places that we have been for an extended period of time. And we remain astonished by the level of competition. And to our colleagues’ credit, they know where the line needs to be in the sand, and they stay on the right side of that. So I would use as an example for you, U.K. professional liability. Our book of U.K. professional liability is 1/3 the size it was at its peak, or maybe even a little bit less. And we just don't get it. I mean, we have lots of theories why some of these folks continue to chase it down the drain. But that would be an example, Michael, of something that is moving the needle from a top line perspective, where we have the people, we have the expertise, we're focused on doing the right things, and we're taking a long-term view. That market will come back. We are convinced, at some point, and we will be there when others will have to permanently retreat.
William Robert Berkley: It's an aviation service, maintenance business as well. We service parts in international military and airports around the world. It's a business where we made an acquisition last year that helps us expand the business. The business is growing. It's just more profitable. The fourth quarter was especially profitable. I think the fourth quarter run rate was probably better than we'll have for the balance of the year, but the rest of the year will be -- 2014, rather, will be a good year, but not as good as if you annualize the fourth quarter.
William Robert Berkley: I don't think we can give you moving parts except to say that, as we said, with a paid loss ratio of 52%, which is, again, towards the very low end of the paid loss ratio. And paid loss ratio continues going down. It still has a greater spread over our reported loss ratio -- would indicate that the likelihood of continued redundancies is good, assuming we don't have an acceleration of inflation, which I think answers your question, at least in a general way. It doesn't give you the specifics you'd like.
William Robert Berkley: You'll see -- one of the problems is you're going to see a new Schedule P. It's going to be a consolidated Schedule P, because we've moved everything under Berkley Insurance. So for the first time, we won't have to have 100 people explaining it. So the Schedule P will be much more self-explanatory. So I don't want to get ahead of myself, but everyone will be able to examine Schedule P with much more precision and a much clearer understanding. So I don't want to get ahead of myself. I want to let everybody look at it. And if you have questions then, I think you'll see them. And I think it will verify what we have been saying for a while that our reserves will prove to be more comfortable than some people have implied.
William Robert Berkley: Yes, I'm sorry. Greg, it's Rob. I think if you go back over some period of time, I think you will find that over many quarters, the paid loss ratio has continued to be very attractive. I think what you will see also is that we've consistently had positive developments. And a lot of that stems from where we had our initial loss pick, proving to be perhaps a bit cautious relative to where reality is. I don't think that you should -- I think in my opinion, at least, it would be a mistake to read into that a little bit -- it would be a mistake to read into the situation more than that. I think as far as the reserve development, we go through a reasonably extensive reserve analysis by operating unit, by product line every 90 days. And what you see is very much a byproduct, if you will, of that exercise. And we're constantly reviewing and rereviewing that. Ultimately, we feel as though that, that process allows us to make sure that we end up in a good spot. And there will be fluctuations from time to time, just like if you look at '13, it moved back and forth and a lot of that has to do with because we're looking at it every quarter.
William Robert Berkley: I think the answer is we are opening the spigot selectively where we think the policy or returns will hit or exceed our target. And, consequently, we are willing to be a little bit less aggressive in some cases with rate and more interested in growing policy count.
William Robert Berkley: Well, again, I'm not intimately familiar with what some of the other companies say, and certainly, I'm not intimately familiar with what they truly think. But from our perspective, we see -- we are seeing on a policy-year basis, a growing percentage of our operating units or the business that we write, being able to achieve our targeted returns or better. And to the extent that, that's the case, we will continue to pursue that business. There is certainly nothing that leads us to believe that '14 is going to be a year where we are not -- the environment will not provide an opportunity to grow the business in all likelihood. And we remain somewhat optimistic. I think the other thing that one needs to keep in mind is that we had several years at this stage of rate increase, which then, of course, you get a compounding effect. So at this stage, we have many parts of the organization that have been getting rate on rate for multiple quarters, and it shouldn't be a surprise that we're getting to the point where some of the operations have very much a green light to try and increase their exposure.
William Robert Berkley: And some of us aren't somewhat optimistic. Some of us are very optimistic. But those who are very optimistic are always somewhat optimistic.
William Robert Berkley: Yes, I don't -- I think that you're leaping to a conclusion that it's a staff issue. And I think that, that would be a mistake, from my perspective. We're just constantly looking at the organization to try and find ways that we can become more efficient. We're looking at places where we can work more efficiently with our partners, ways that we can work more efficiently with distribution and customers. And we're looking at systems and things of that nature as well.
William Robert Berkley: I don't really think it's going to change much. I think duration is going to stay around 3.3 years. I don't think there'll be a drag, because we are generating lots of cash, so the duration will stay roughly the same. So no, I would not think -- I wouldn't think that will happen. But we will -- I don't think we'll get a benefit from a steepening yield curve. Some people are out investing and pushing that duration to 5 years. You see a 5-year duration, that's a really substantial benefit they're getting from that steeper yield curve. On the other hand, it's a lot more risk to take if inflation comes back. So I think that's the biggest change. But no, I don't think it'll have an adverse effect. And look, at some point in time, you make a decision that you think the risk of inflation are less. I don't think that's the case. Ultimately, right now, we don't have inflation, because other investors from outside the U.S. are funding our deficits and are funding the borrowing of the Federal Reserve. So as long as that happens, we're not going to have inflation.
William Robert Berkley: We really don't talk about particular lines of business. If you have questions about that, you can -- you could talk offline to Gene Ballard and Karen Horvath. But we don't talk about specific lines of business. We certainly wouldn't talk about a particular state and lines of business. It's competitive information. And it's not something we generally share.
William Robert Berkley: Well, it depends, obviously, on our capacity to grow. So that's an issue that changes every quarter based on our earnings and our ability to grow. I think we have modest levels of excess capital. We'll continue to evaluate, as we do each quarter, either special dividends, buying our own stock back and the alternative of profitability of growth. And I think that's a continuously evaluated situation. And I think as we made it in the fourth quarter to buy back stock more aggressively, it's a decision we make on a continuous basis. We have guidelines from our board as to what we can do. And it's -- we basically make that as a continuous thing based on opportunities we see at any moment in time.
William Robert Berkley: It would be 3% to 3-plus, depending on the line of business. And, in fact, inflation is really proved to be between 1% and 2%.
William Robert Berkley: We're among friends. The answer is people like Berkshire and other people who are trying to expand their footprint, who are rational people and want to write business and other people who are, in fact, leaving the business. Now there are also other people who are not so rational, whose names I won't mention. But the point I was trying to make is everyone is making much to do about Berkshire, and there probably are some others who are entering the business, but those are rational, long-term people who want to make money. Long-term, rational people, who want to get in the business aren't of great concerns to us. Ajit is a good friend of mine, and he's as greedy as anybody, and he wants to make money. That's not a problem. And anybody who worries about that is making a mistake. The people you need to worry about are the dummies, who don't know about making money, and who do dumb things. And those are the people you worry about. And a lot of those people are going out of business. And those people, we're happy to see go. And there are a few other dummies who are in the business, and we'd like to see them go, too, but they're not all gone yet.
William Robert Berkley: Paid always, in fact, has a lag with risk, okay? And yes, absolutely, your statement is a correct statement and the trend is correct. So paid -- let's just say that you have to balance that paid with what the earned premium was, and the written, and you have a format that does that. And even after taking that into consideration, paid losses are down significantly. But, for example, last year, I think the paid-loss ratio was like 57% or 58%. And again, it's trending down. If it had trended as our growth was, it would've been 53% or 54%, depending -- because you've got to look at it as a percentage of premium volume of net premium. So it's -- they're trending down slightly faster than premiums are trending up. So it's getting better and continues to get slightly better. That's the long and the short of it. So if you said 52%, what 52% means is it's probably a point or 2 better than last year. And last year, probably was a point or 2 better than the year before and so on.
William Robert Berkley: I would envision that you will be at the inflation point about 6 to 12 months after prices stop going up.
William Robert Berkley: That will be a fair guess. Probably take you about a year after price increases stop going up, because a year after is when earned premium stop having those price increases. So I'm giving you what would be the rule of thumb in my mind, not a mathematical calculation. But if I looked at it, I would say paid losses, a year after price increases stop, should bottom out.
William Robert Berkley: I think it's certainly possible. But I think that perhaps, the thing to look at a little bit more closely will be the top line, which, obviously, we expect there's a possibility, because that could shrink, depending on market conditions. And yes, of course, over time, as that reality earns through, that we'll expect the expense ratio to an extent as well.
William Robert Berkley: And I would not think that would -- I think part of it may well be, Jay, that we have chosen opportunistically when to invest our cash, but -- so we may have invested a couple of hundred -- $200 million, $300 million at the end of the third quarter that we invest, in fact, earned some money at -- in the fourth quarter. But in principle, there's no real change.
William Robert Berkley: I don't think that we believe our investment income would go down. Probably, it would go down about 12 basis points over the year. But we think we more than make it up in the aggregate because of cash flow.
William Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, one of the frustrations are we spend a lot of time on these calls talking about a lot of detail, and what we really are trying to do is express the general view about how we feel about the business and where it is. And that sometimes is hard to do because we get immersed in a lot of detailed questions that help people make models work and figure out the little of issues. I think I'd like to try and spend just a couple of seconds on big picture items. Number one, our domestic business is strong. We're very pleased with how it's going. We expect we'll continue to grow at comfortably between 12% and 15%. We would expect our price increases will stay above the 5% area for the year, but it will be spotty. And we're expecting no dramatic increase in inflation, certainly, in the first 6 months of the year. It is hard to tell primarily that's a result of nondomestic investors wanting to put their money in the U.S., which is allowing us to have deficits without creating deficit-funded inflation. We believe that will continue for a while, and therefore, inflation is not likely to change. We think we'll be able to improve our expense ratio modestly with more efficiencies on our part. We believe that we understand a couple of issues that arose in our International business that we've taken care of and addressed. So we're quite optimistic. Our greatest threat, we feel, is, in fact, our investment area. The threat of inflation, the fear of deflation, our sitting there and we're searching for ways to protect ourselves. Overall, we would expect our returns will increase modestly next year, and we're expecting a really good year. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Eugene G. Ballard: Well, I say, was -- the fourth quarter combined ratio was around 100%. So that's a point below where it was a year ago. It's been slightly elevated just because of the expense ratio.
Eugene G. Ballard: Actually, the FX for the international segment, on a gross basis, was down 1 percentage point. And on a local currency basis, it would have been up 3 or 4 percentage points.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, I think it's a combination of both, Michael. There are, certainly, some parts of our international insurance, where they reached a critical mass, and you're not going to see the same level of growth that is seen in the past, unless you see an improving market that they operate in. And, quite frankly, as we suggested earlier, there are many markets outside of the United States that remains remarkably competitive and I would suggest, to a certain extent, in some situations, irrational. So, again, it's a combination of reaching some degree of critical mass in some places and other places, where we've just concluded that we don't like the opportunity, and we are willing to shrink the business. No different than what we have done in the past domestically, when we don't like the opportunity, or we're in it to make an underwriting profit. And if we don't think we can do that, we'll just not do it, or certainly, do less of it.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, we -- fourth quarter last year was $20 million, the second quarter this year was $18 million, this is $17 million, so we've been bouncing around...
Eugene G. Ballard: Obviously, it depends a lot. Gains can influence that if we have more realized gains in the quarter. Those are all the taxed at 35%. So that could cause some variability in the number. But 27%, 28%, right now, is about the right place to be.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, we will have that laid out in the 10-K. But with $17 million in total and it's predominantly the domestic segment and also the international segment.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes. Well, there's some in all 3. So I mean, it's not a -- that big a number to begin with, but we'll have it in the K.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, there's nothing -- been no change, fundamental change in the investment fixed income portfolio.
Eugene G. Ballard: So the yield on the fixed income is -- for the full year, is about 3.6 and 3.5 in the fourth quarter, so it's not like -- it's pretty close.
