Rob Berkley: No. At least from my perspective, and I'm using a very broad brush here. So there are going to be pockets that would not fit under this response. But generally speaking, when we look at 2020, we think severity continues to be an issue, this whole sort of topic of social inflation, we think remains very real. And honestly, given how the courts were at best brought to a crawl during the COVID-19 period, I'm not sure if anyone really fully appreciate how ugly it is. But certainly, I think without a doubt, we can all assume that frequency has been for many product lines are remarkably benign during COVID-19. And once the world returns to a more traditional circumstance, you will see frequency return to a more historic level and certainly [indiscernible].
Rob Berkley: I don't have those numbers, and Karen can perhaps follow up with whatever we are able to share. But what I can tell you is this, for policies that were written during '19, that were providing coverage during '20, or policies that were written early in '20. Obviously, the expectation that many of those insured had was that their revenue in all likelihood would be significantly above what it turned out to be when much of the economy shut down. And obviously, that had an impact on their revenue. So what I'm suggesting is, if you assume that at some point, during 2021, the economy begins to more meaningfully open up in this country and other economies around the world. I think what you will see is, when people go out to do audits, the economic activity was more than they had estimated for 2021 and there will be a lot of premium catch up through the audit process i.e., if I own a store, and I buy a policy today, I'm probably estimating that my revenue is going to be considerably less perhaps than it was in 2019. But if the economy opens back up, my revenue in all likelihood, will open will pick up considerably. And when the insurance company goes out and does an audit, to see what your revenues were, you will owe the insurance company considerable premium. And there will be a catch up.
Rob Berkley: Here is my view that social inflation is a moving target and that it continues to tick along? And I think that there are some people that have underestimated that. And we have worked very hard as an organization, not to get caught behind. So my view is that, when I say a rocket ship, I think that there are a lot of people that are just proportionately consumed by what was a benign period for many, many years, and it really wasn't until maybe the past two, three years or so that we started to see it really where is that.
Rob Berkley: I think the others may be slow to wake up to it. And I think in addition to that, that it continues and you get a compounding effect. And if you haven't been keeping up with it, you will continue to fall farther behind.
Rob Berkley: So we look at each product line by operating unit and try and strike the balance between rate versus growth. And there certainly are parts of the business where we are very satisfied with the margin. And we are actively growing policy count. And then there are other parts of the business where given where rates have gone, workers comp as an example, where there are pockets of the workers comp market where we have no problem whatsoever shedding policy count.
Rob Berkley: I think that when you say, well, how much, what dynamic is helping our margins on quarterly? I just want to make sure I'm understanding.
Rob Berkley: So I'm trying to think about how I can answer it. Our margins, we believe, the impact of rate increases will become more visible in 2021. I would suggest to you over the past several quarters, obviously, we have had an impact associated with COVID-19, as they've written and I have discussed, and that has been disproportionately weighted towards the insurance segment. So I think if you thought about the insurance segment and do move COVID-19 out, you might see it a little differently. Or if you looked at insurance segment, accident year loss ratio excess, you might see a different picture too.
Rob Berkley: By and large, as far as benefits stemming from COVID on the frequency front, we have been very reluctant to come off of our loss picks. Yes, maybe we've gotten a little bit of benefit on the physical damage front of auto. But other than that, we are thinking that one needs to be very cautious around reaching its inclusion on the frequency front. And the reason for that is no one really knows for sure when COVID is behind us and the legal system opens back up what the catch up is going to be. So when you look at our loss ratios for the past couple of quarters in the insurance segment, you're seeing the impact of COVID as far as claims that we've had to deal with, but as far as the reduction in frequency, you're seeing a very modest recognition of that.
Rob Berkley: Yes. We share your observation that we think we're in a good place. And we've been pushing for race for a while, which is one of the reasons why we probably have a little bit -- we don't have to catch up the way some others did. And as far as our positioning, we think we're in a good place, because we don't have the kind of legacy issues that others may need to deal with. At the same time, we think our margins, not everyplace, but in many places are quite attractive.
Rob Berkley: I think the marketplace needs additional rate, and certainly to the extent that rate is available, we will be taking the rate.
Rob Berkley: Obviously, we're conscious that the new administration has likely to be raising taxes in any way it possibly can and corporate taxes are likely a piece of that. We are conscious of that and trying to analyze it. appropriately.
Rob Berkley: Well, certainly when we calculate our rate, we think about the number -- the exposure to come up with the rate that we're achieving, right? So what is the impact that how we think about our loss ratio.
Rob Berkley: None of us know exactly what tomorrow will bring. I think there's clearly more discipline in the reinsurance marketplace than there has been in an extended period of time. Kudos to our colleagues that run our reinsurance businesses for exercising tremendous discipline, which came undoubtedly a great frustration and pain at times, but they did it and they did it very well. And I think as long as we see an attractive market, that team will, people will look to capitalize on it, and they will utilize the shareholders capital when they think they can make a good risk adjusted return. There is nothing that leads me to believe based on everything, I know that the reinsurance market is going to lose momentum in the 2021 year. But, again, no one knows for sure what tomorrow will bring.
Rob Berkley: It's primarily a shift in business mix. And to a certain extent, some reinsurance pricing has gone up. I think one of the things you may likely see as the year goes on, and quite frankly, the reinsurance pricing is firming further, you may see us revisiting what our net retentions are and perhaps keeping more net.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So my take on it, and then, maybe our Chairman, they have a view. But my take on it is that it's not nearly -- it's ugly right now. And it may prove to be uglier than we even realize. But it's not in all likelihood, as ugly as it was in 1999, 2000 and 2001. And there's a general rule of thumb that the farther the pendulum swings in one direction, the farther it will swing back in the other. So I don't think we know for sure how much pain is going to come out of the past several years. I don't think that has fully come into focus for many industry participants, to be perfectly honest. But clearly, so far, there are parts of the market that has firms considerably and there are opportunities from our perspective to make very healthy returns. As it relates to our numbers. I think in the late 90s and into 2001. There are parts of our business that may be drifted a little farther off course. I think it is highly unlikely that you will see that type of circumstance, we are head again.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Christine, thank you very much, and thank you to all for dialing in. I think, by virtually any measure, it was a great quarter. And that's really a result of the efforts of the whole team and that's 1000s of people. So we thank them for their efforts on behalf of all stakeholders. And we think again, we are very well positioned and we look forward to the coming years. Have a good evening. Thank you.
