Rob Berkley: Thank you very much, Jimmy, and good afternoon all again, and thank you for joining us. So with me on this end, we also have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our EVP, CFO, CPA and probably a bunch of other acronyms as well. So we're going to change the agenda around a little bit from what we've followed in the past and we're going to start off with Rich walking you through the quarter hitting some of the highlights and framing it for you a bit. And then, I will follow-on his comments with a few brief thoughts and we will quickly make our way over to Q&A. So Rich, if you would please.
Rob Berkley: Look, I think there are others that can speak to the reserve adequacy in the industry better than I in general. My two cents for what it's worth is that I think the industry has recognized some positive development over the past few years, which is quite frankly, it's a tough business, when you don't know your cost of goods sold until some number of years after the fact. And, I think, we went through what was a very benign period that the casualty market enjoys particularly on the frequency side. I think that there are increasing signs that that benign environment no longer exists not to the same extent and that may prove to create some challenges for the industry today. And the question is, are people appropriately pricing for the legal environment for example that we are in today? So, look I'm not going to predict the redundancy or the deficiency of the industry, and I'll leave that to brighter people than me. But I would tell you that I think that the marketplace has been pretty aggressive for the past couple of years. I think a lot of that has been glossed over as a result of what was a benign cat environment as well as positive development from earlier years for the industry. And I think that at some point you can't keep putting lipstick on the pig as my boss said.
Rob Berkley: Yes. I think that certainly our perception is that that would be -- when I mentioned earlier, parts of professional liability firming a fair amount, I think there are parts of the D&O market that are getting what I would define as significant rate increases, rate increases that the industry hasn't seen for some period of time.
Rob Berkley: Obviously, it depends on the performance of the business from any one period to another period. But certainly, what you saw in the release is not a bad placeholder for people to use going forward. But again, that's subject to the performance of the business at any 90-day period.
Rob Berkley: Well, yes, there is, but there always has been seasonality. Obviously, in the reinsurance business certain dates such as 1/1 are very material. And while we do not write a significant cat exposed book, there is a little bit there. So depending on how you want to define seasonality from a premium perspective or a loss perspective it's there, but it's been in there in the past.
Rob Berkley: I think the -- a couple of reactions would be -- and you got to understand this comes from someone who when we've done most of our startups a lot of it -- well, they are almost all commercial lines and a lot of them are non-admitted. So we -- a team joins us and two days later, we'll run it on an Excel and Word until we have a system in place. So, we're not accustomed to or experienced with the significance of the platform that was required to build not just from an IT perspective, but from a people perspective as well as from a filings perspective. It's just a big platform. But from our perspective, all that does take time. We think that that is really a great opportunity. And if you build it right it serves as -- I wouldn't say a barrier to entry for others because we're doing it, but it certainly is an obstacle for others to come in. I think there are a few people that have come into the space and when I look at the platform they cobble together and I look at what my colleagues are building, I think it's quite day and night. So, long story short, I think the team of people that we have is as good or better than we could have even hoped for. I think the platform that they are building is as robust as any out there and certainly second to none. Having said that I think that it's a little bit longer of a road to get that platform stood up than some of us at the same time. If we could do it all over again, wouldn't pause twice, we'd definitely do it. I think it is going to prove to be a tremendous asset for our shareholders.
Rob Berkley: I mean obviously they are different animals, but I would tell you what we're seeing on both fronts are reasonably consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years.
Rob Berkley: I would interpret that as underwriting discipline, in places where we have decided that we want rate. And we are -- when you think about sort of the rate/growth balance or trade we choose rate. And I think what you will see happen over time or at least history would suggest you will see, and I believe you will see as well, is that those lines where we're pushing the rates. You are going to at some point start to see those oftentimes there's some of the lines where the growth rate will eventually evolve to be the highest. But it starts out, in these cost lines where we are digging our heels in and saying we will get this much rate or we will not raise the business. And we expect that over time the market will cooperate. And it's cooperating somewhat and we expect that that will accelerate.
Rob Berkley: Right, we just have a history as an organization, trying not to be late. So when we identify something we get on it. And when we look at these lines of business we're saying we need rate. And we are going to have it or we will not write the business. I think it will come more into focus for others, but maybe they are not as inclined to move in as timely a manner as we are.
Rob Berkley: There's a -- it really depends on a particular product line. So my comment to you is that when we look at the loss environment and we also look at on the horizon with sort of the legal environment, some of the issues we've talked about around social inflation, our view is that it makes sense to charge more in some of these lines of business for a unit of exposure. And if we are not able to get what we believe is an adequate rate, then we will not write the business and that's okay too. If we end up not writing the business and that excess capital we'll return it to our shareholders. Having said that, certainly the early signs would say that that we were able to achieve the rate and the market will start to bear it more and more and we expect that other market participants will be moving in a similar direction.
Rob Berkley: I don't know. Richie is saying 60 basis points. So he's usually right about this stuff so that's the number. But, at the same time it's part of the business. So people who back out cat the 0.4 I think is -- doesn't make a whole lot of sense unless you're going to back out of the premium too as my boss says. Yeah, so, the delta is sort of the 30 basis points between the 0.9 and the 0.6.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Jimmy. Well, first off thank you all for calling in. We appreciate your time and interest. From our perspective, we think that there is many encouraging signs on the horizon here, more than we have seen in some extended period of time. What we were able to achieve with rate and also maintain a renewal retention ratio. I think speaks volumes to the fact that the market is willing to accept it. And we have every intention of continuing to ensure that we are getting an appropriate risk-adjusted return. And that we optimize whatever the opportunity may be. So thank you again for calling. And we'll speak with you next quarter. Goodbye.
Bill Berkley: If you think of the -- if you look back in history there's a series of steps in I guess if you will the playbook that we use. First, you start to see the rate move up. That's followed by tightening of terms and conditions kind of overlapping somewhat simultaneously that once we get the terms and conditions in the rate where we like you're going to start to see the exposure count if you will grow as well. So we're pretty happy where their margins are at today, but you're going to probably see them enhanced tomorrow. And again I think step one is the rates moving up. And as history would suggest you'll see the terms and conditions start to tighten from there in the market. And again that will be sort of our strike zone to open up the faucet a bit more.
Bill Berkley: My sense is that we should be able to more than offset comp. Again I'm kind of looking into a foggy crystal ball, but the latest data points that we have would suggest that we should be able to accelerate the growth from here, but again no promises. Do I think it's going to be explosive growth? No, not yet. But part of it again going back to the comments earlier, at this stage, we are more focused on pushing for the rate. And as we see that rate get to a certain level, then you will see us look to really try and expand the exposure or policy count if you like. So yes expect to grow more.
Bill Berkley: So what I would tell you is that we perhaps look at it a bit more granular -- at a more granular level than you're suggesting. We look at it via operating unit within the group. We are looking it by product line with each operating unit in the group. Clearly the challenges that the industry has faced in such product lines as commercial auto, certain components of professional liability, certainly much of the property market place are leading to opportunities where there is a meaningful rate increase available. So again, I would tell you, but also as I commented earlier, other than workers' compensation, we are getting rate increases in every major product line we participate in.
Bill Berkley: Well I don't want to mislead you. I think that each product line is getting -- it's not 6.4% across the board. We have a -- we use a much finer scalpel than that. It is by product line. I would tell you again that things such as commercial auto, parts of professional liability and certainly much of the property market are probably amongst the areas that are getting the most meaningful rate increases and a couple of others as well. But again, it's not a bar bell. It's more of a bell curve.
Bill Berkley: Yes. Look, I don't think that there has been this dramatic sea change. I think it would sort of go back into the -- or revert back to some of the comments I obviously at least tried to allude to earlier that I think there is a gradual building or incremental firming that is going on. There is no doubt that there are components of the marketplace that operate in a standard or admitted manner that probably overreached a bit and are choking and really should've left it to the non-admitted market. Yes, but that's going on any time. Do I think there's a little bit more of that today than it was yesterday? Absolutely. Do I think there'll be more of it tomorrow than it is today? Yes I do.
Bill Berkley: Yeah. So as far as loss cost trends – so, I'm going to try to answer your question to the best of my ability. The loss cost trends have remained remarkably benign, primarily due to frequency or a lack of, if you will. Severity continues to tick-up a bit just because of health care costs continuing to move up, but it's astonishing how benign the frequency trend continues to be. I would tell you that, I struggle with that long-term and whether it's sustainable. Clearly we have better safety and a whole host of other things in place as a society, which we benefit from. At the same time, as we suggested in the past, the tight labor market historically can lead to a tick-up in injury of workers, again partly as a result of people not being as well trained, partly as a result of people working over time. And quite frankly, when people are tired, they may not be as alert and take the safe precautions. When it comes to certain aspects of inflation, as you know, comp is partially insulated, because of the fact that comp is prized off of payrolls, and as long as payrolls are keeping up or in some cases outpacing inflation, that is something that needs to be factored in. So I would tell you right now do I think is comp overall losing a little bit of altitude for the moment? Yeah, I think it probably is losing a little bit of altitude. Having said that, I think when the industry looks back the past few years, it's likely, in my opinion, to prove that there was more margin in the business than perhaps the industry realize. I think 2018 and 2019 are possibly the time, a point of inflection when that may start to flip. As far as the excess market goes, it's a pretty big space. And overall, we're reasonably happy with the pricing is there. But I think it's tricky to start trying to compare it to the extent that the question may have suggested.
Bill Berkley: It’s sort of been hovering right around there. I would tell you that -- again as you know as well as we do Josh that one of the tricky parts of this industry is, you're pricing your product before you know your cost of goods sold. Back to that comment around frequency, I'm not convinced at this stage that 2019 is going to benefit from the same frequency trend that we have seen in the past decade-ish or so. So I think, clearly it's possible that 2018 is going to prove to be okay. I feel even better about 2017, and earlier 2019. It's really then almost too early to start speculating, at least on a conference call.
Bill Berkley: Not ignoring you. I'm just thinking about it. Ultimately, it may have to do with just different programs that we are buying. It may have to do with pricing in the reinsurance marketplace. It may have to do with a variety of different things. But ultimately I would encourage you not to read too deeply into it. We have not changed our philosophy around how we buy reinsurance.
Bill Berkley: Yes. No, it is actually -- I'm sorry. I misunderstood you. It's primarily reinsurance. But as far as the Monoline Excess, it is at this stage solely excess comp.
Bill Berkley: I think that there were a couple of pieces -- there are a couple of opportunities that we saw that we thought made sense and some of that growth actually is coming from outside of the United States as well. Whereas I didn't mention this earlier but when we think about the reinsurance business I think certainly the U.K. and certain other territories are probably a couple of paces ahead of the U.S. treaty market in firming. So, there are early signs that the U.S. market may be moving in that direction.
Bill Berkley: Look I don't even want to speculate beyond what I've already speculated. I think that we feel as though that the reinsurance market is starting to grapple with the realities of the mistakes that the industry had made in the past and as a result of that are beginning to incrementally take action. And our hope and -- is that -- and quite frankly expectation is that it will build from here. I think that some of the business that they see is reasonable business. But in many, many cases the ceding commissions are not sustainable. And that as the results come through I think the reinsurance market is responding to that reality. And there is across the Board -- or virtually across the Board pressure on ceding commissions proceeding.
Amit Kumar: There is no outlier per se which -- there is no one sub segment which is having material rate increases. I mean what you're saying is that it's probably well distributed and obviously the cat expose lines will have a higher number.
Amit Kumar: That's what I was looking for. Okay. The other question is also a sort of a follow-up. There is this debate in the marketplace about admitted versus non-admitted. And I think you referred to the competition and I think you made an interesting comment. There's always a lag when the market actually responds. Can you maybe talk about the admitted versus non-admitted discussion a bit more? And...
Amit Kumar: No I mean the point is that legacy carriers are beginning to withdraw or restrict their writings. And that's why there seems to be a discernible uptick and its happening only very recently where some numbers that you read the great players have changed.
