Rob Berkley: Krista, thank you very much. We appreciate you getting us through that marathon of a safe harbor statement. And good afternoon to all, and welcome to our Q2 call. Thank you for finding the time, and thank you for the interest in the company. Along with me on the call, you have Bill Berkley, Executive Chair, as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the group. We're going to follow our typical agenda where momentarily I'll be handing it over to Rich, he'll run through some highlights for you all, he'll then flip it back to me, I'll offer a few of my own observations on both the industry as well as our quarter, and then we'll be pleased to open it up for Q&A. Before I hand it to Rich, I guess perhaps stating the obvious, clearly an active quarter of frequency of what I would define as severity, but perhaps relatively modest severity on the property front. From our perspective, it was an opportunity for this organization to differentiate itself as it does when there is severity on the property market front. And in spite of all the challenges, we were still able to deliver a 91% combined. I guess for those that subscribe to the [but for] (ph) club, it would be an 88%. But when we look at the goal of the exercise being to generate good risk-adjusted returns to build the book value, we are of the view that cats do count and so does net development. In our opinion, it's not just about the steps forward that you take, it's also about the steps backwards that you will avoid. And that is very much woven into how we approach the business on all fronts. So with that, I will hand it to Rich, and I will follow him in a couple of minutes. Rich, if you would, please.
Rob Berkley: Why don't -- Rich has the insurance versus reinsurance. And if you're looking for more detail, I would suggest that if you don't mind, Elyse, just follow up with Rich and Karen and they'll give you as much detail as they're legally allowed to.
Rob Berkley: I would just add there's a lot of gives and takes on each one of those, depending on the product line. And for our purposes, we're looking at it by operating unit, by product line.
Rob Berkley: And just to add to that, Rich, maybe what you were just sharing is sort of contribution and what it means on operating. If you could circle back and give Elyse a sense what it means on the net as well because of the FX fees and so on? Because I think it's important that people have the full picture on this.
Rob Berkley: I have the aggregate in front of me. Elyse, if you want to circle back with us, we'd be happy to and share it with you. But what I would tell you is probably auto is the leading candidate. So, when you look at -- maybe, just -- maybe more than you're looking for, but I'll throw it out there anyways. When you look at the growth, for example, where we break it out in the release, the auto line is growing at almost 16%. What's driving that is rate, rate, rate per the comments earlier. So, auto is the leading candidate these days.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. So, there was no commentary on that, Rob. I'm not quite sure what you're referring to, excuse me.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I mean ultimately, the point that I was trying to articulate was that we got 60 different businesses that make up the group, and we're looking at both in the aggregate as well as at a very granular level. So, when you hear about the development that Rich looked at, I think that the reality is that there are a lot of pluses and minuses, and that's just where it came out to, but as far as specifics as it relates to what's happening, that'll probably be more detail in the Q.
Rob Berkley: Well, honestly, Rob, I don't have a clear recollection of what you're referring to. I think, generally speaking, we feel pretty good about our picks, but as mentioned earlier, alluded to earlier, we're paying close attention to the auto liability line.
Rob Berkley: Nothing that's noteworthy from our perspective. Josh, we're not the biggest property shop that you cover, but we certainly do play in the space. And at this stage, we're not noticing any meaningful pattern of an elongation of the property claims tail.
Rob Berkley: I think. Really what we're focused on, Josh, is the claims environment and making sure that we are acutely aware of where that is going. We have taken a tremendous amount of rate and a variety of other actions, and we continue to pay close attention to that. And when I was making the comment earlier about being sensitive to different legal venues, that would certainly apply to commercial auto or auto liability, if you like. So, when we look at that product line, are we trying to make sure that we are approaching it with the appropriate level of caution? Absolutely.
Rob Berkley: But I would just add to Rich's comments, Josh, we are -- given where interest rates are, from our perspective, alternatives are really not of great interest to us going forward. Could there be an exception here or there? Absolutely. We are very pleased with the opportunity that the fixed income market offers, and I think you will see us continue to lean into that at this stage.
Rob Berkley: What I'm trying to message Mike and probably not doing a great job, is that I think social inflation doesn't necessarily discriminate between lines. I think it is alive and well, and basically every liability line is exposed to it. That having been said, I think there are some liability lines that seem to be getting more tension from the plaintiff bar than others. From my perspective, auto liability has got the biggest bullseye on its chest. Does that mean Gl gets off scot free? Absolutely not. But that's sort of how we think about it, and that's what the data that we see would suggest.
Rob Berkley: I think -- how long can it be so negative for, I think, is an appropriate question. But the piece of the puzzle that we have been most preoccupied with is the medical piece. And from our perspective, the comp benefit schedules in many states has been, some would say, suppressed. Other people would say just benefited from the fact that it prices off of Medicare. Much of it prices off of Medicare. The federal government and how it approaches Medicare pricing, I think we all know, is just a mechanism for them to transfer public cost to the private sector. And comp has benefited from that. But when the day is all done, we don't think that that will happen indefinitely. When you look at other product lines like private passenger auto and you see the shift in trend around medical cost for claims, I think that that would be another data point. Mike, I think as we perhaps have talked about in the not too distant past, you can look to a state like Florida and the action that they took as it relates to benefits. So, I'm sure that it can't be a negative trend with the same pace that it's been on the frequency front indefinitely. But the -- in our opinion, one of the big wildcards out there is medical trend, and we think that that's going to come home to roost.
Rob Berkley: My comments were not focused on personal lines, though clearly to your point that it's a real issue for personal lines. We've seen it in certain states where it's proven to be really problematic and leads to a dislocation in capacity in the marketplace or availability of capacity in the marketplace. That having been said, there are many insurance departments in this country that are resistant, that, a, are not operating in a very timely manner and, b, are in some cases quite resistant to allow carriers on the commercial line side to get the rate increases they need. So, when you look at the very healthy flow of business into the specialty market and the E&S market, in particular, which we have been a great beneficiary of and continue to be. Part of the catalyst for that is standard markets are not able to get the rates that they need and consequently that is impacting their writings. And that creates opportunity for organizations like the one that I work for.
Rob Berkley: So, the E&S business is probably growing at, give or take, 50% more than the standard market rate. That's a bit of a generalization.
Rob Berkley: I think it just boils down to flexibility. We're pleased to share the capital with the shareholders, return it to them with consistency. At the same time, we don't know what the opportunity will be tomorrow. We don't know how the stock will trade tomorrow. So, we want to have flexibility as far as growing the business. We want to have flexibility around what we believe is the most sensible way to return capital to shareholders, whether it be repurchase, special dividend, so on and so forth.
Rob Berkley: Well, I appreciate the question and it's certainly a topic that many of us around here have been scratching our heads over just kind of wondering and daydreaming what will come of it as far as market conditions. But when the day is all done, as far as our book goes, we don't -- is it -- will we have perhaps some level of loss activity? Yes, perhaps. But given what we know today, we don't see this being a material loss to the organization at this stage. When the day is all done, to the extent that some type of business interruption is offered, usually, there's an hours clause, if you like, associated with that, and consequently, given when the patch was available and how quickly people, particularly institutions that have some level of sophistication could get back on their feet, we think it'll prove to be manageable. So, I would be surprised if we didn't have any loss activity, but we certainly do not envision this being something of materiality or great consequence at this stage. That having been said, I think for -- what does it mean for the industry, what does it mean for society, I think we'll have to see over time, but I think for many, perhaps it was a reminder or a wake-up call for the systemic exposure that exists around much of the technology that the world uses to operate.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Look, it's something that we are looking at very carefully. I think that we've -- in our picks, we thought that we are building in appropriately a bit of a risk margin with that period that you just referenced. We'll have to see how much risk margin there still is there, but at this time, we feel reasonably comfortable. That having been said, are we looking at it actively? And are we trying to grapple with how much do we need to charge today with the assumption that trend will continue on from here and when we settle the claims? Yeah, we are focused on it. So, at this stage, are we uncomfortable? No. Are we paying attention to it? Absolutely.
Rob Berkley: Really, just to the extent -- I'm just trying to think for a moment, David. Really, the only big moves that -- and they weren't even big, they were just incremental, but we made in a couple of places, would stem from auto, and they can share that we're staying on top of that. But again, when it comes to the overall, it's pretty incremental. And then, we may have in a couple of places taken a look at the umbrella because, again, how that feeds into -- how the auto feeds into the umbrella, we want to make sure that we don't fall behind there.
Rob Berkley: There's no evidence that we see at this time of the issues that we're seeing in umbrella, if you will, spilling over to the other product lines or the issues that we're seeing specifically in auto, I should say, spreading to the other product lines. So that differently, we feel quite comfortable at the moment with the GL. As far as the auto goes, it's a challenging movement. I mean, you drive down I-95 or whatever highway you go down and every other billboard is plaintiff's attorney with their phone number in case a truck cuts you off. And from our perspective, the trend is meaningful, and we need to make sure that we keep up with it. And we want to make sure that the old years are in a reasonable place. And that obviously, as mentioned a few moments ago, has implications, still relatively modest implications, for umbrella. But to your specific question, do we see that sort of some type of viral effect, if you like, spilling over into GL, for example? No, we are not seeing that.
Rob Berkley: It tends to be what it is, it's what I would define as professional liability ex D&O is having a reasonably good moment and that's both admitted and non-admitted. The challenge as we've discussed in the past and of course you're acutely aware of, Brian, is on the professional front is D&O. So that continues to be a challenged marketplace. A submarket under D&O that I would flag as very, very concerning is transactional liability. And that is a book of business that we have that is shrinking at a very rapid pace just because we don't like market conditions, but as far as the opportunity, it's much of the professional market ex D&O.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. On the GL side, an example would be that you see a contractor move out of the admitted market where they are buying whatever, $1 million limit or [one-to-one] (ph), and they are paying basically, whatever, $50,000 for the $1 million limit. And all of a sudden the standard market because of loss activity or a variety of other reasons, including they can't get the rate that they need, all of a sudden kicks it out. And then as opposed to being $50,000, it's $150,000, but you get $650,000 of cover and maybe you're doing something with defense and you start sub-limiting all kinds of other things and [indiscernible]. So, it really is very much apples and oranges or maybe even apples and bananas because of what you can do with the terms and the conditions. And that's why if you look at our history as an organization, some of our most profitable business has been what we've been able to write on an E&S basis.
Rob Berkley: I don't have the number in front of me, but as I mentioned to your colleague earlier, pretty consistently our E&S business, even putting aside specialty, but just E&S has been growing at a rate for some number of years, it's 50% more than what our standard market business has been growing at. And just to define standard market, a lot of that is admitted specialty. So, I mean the E&S has really been growing quite quickly and provides good opportunity.
Rob Berkley: Sure. It's just a long story short, that's really property and property market. And I think as we talked about some number of quarters ago, the property reinsurance market was what drove the property market. The property reinsurance market has peaked, and no surprise to any of us, the waterfall effect of that is that the property market continues to be good, but the level of opportunity there is perhaps not quite as robust as it was six, 12 months ago.
Rob Berkley: Krista, thank you very much. We appreciate your assistance today and thank you to all for finding time to join us for this discussion. Hopefully, you take away from the dialogue that not only was the company in spite of some of the challenges in the environment to deliver a great outcome, we are also very well positioned. And it's not that there aren't challenges out there, but the business has, is and will continue to do a very effective job in managing the shareholders' capital and making sure that we are achieving those risk-adjusted returns that the capital is entitled to. We will look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days. Thank you very much.
Rich Baio: Of course. Thanks, Rob, and good evening, everyone. The company continues to perform well with a second quarter annualized return on beginning of year equity of 20% on a net income basis and 22.4% on an operating earnings basis. References to per share information in my comments and the earnings release have been adjusted for the 3-for-2 common stock split effected on July 10. Operating income increased approximately 35% to $418 million or $1.04 per share, driven by strong underwriting and investment income. Growth of 11.2% in net premiums written to a record $3.1 billion represents the first time above $3 billion for a quarter, and provides the opportunity for continued record setting net premiums earned beyond this quarter. The US dollar strengthens to many foreign currencies in the quarter, adversely impacting the growth rate by approximately 90 basis points, and accordingly would have been 12.1% excluding the foreign currency impact. We grew in both segments of our business, led by the Insurance segment with 12.2% growth unadjusted for foreign currency, and the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 3.5% led by property. Pre-tax underwriting income was $254 million, which included $90 million of catastrophe losses or 3.2 loss ratio points. Heightened catastrophe events during the quarter led to the increase in cat losses of 1.1 loss ratio points over the prior-year quarter, well below what we would expect will impact the industry. Our careful and prudent management of cat risks has continued to result in stability in earnings. Our accident year loss ratio, excluding cats, is at 59.4%, slightly below the prior year's 59.5%. The prior-year accident development was favorable by $1 million, combined with the previously mentioned cat losses brings our calendar year loss ratio to 62.6%. The expense ratio increased 40 basis points to 28.5%, primarily due to higher commissions from business mix and is relatively flat to the sequential quarter. We remain confident with our guidance that the expense ratio should be comfortably below 30%. Record pre-tax net investment income increased almost 52% to $372 million. The fixed maturity securities continue to drive results quarter-over-quarter with an increase of more than $100 million. In addition, net investment income from investment funds improved to $25 million in the quarter. The record operating cash flow through the first six months of $1.6 billion, combined with the ability to reinvest the roll-off of existing securities at higher yields, should continue to drive growth in net investment income quarter-over-quarter for the foreseeable future. The credit quality of the investment portfolio and duration remains at AA- and 2.5 years for the quarter. The effective tax rate was 23.7%, and will likely remain at this level throughout the remainder of the year due to the contribution of foreign earnings taxed at rates greater than the US statutory rate of 21%. Turning to capital management, the company returned total capital of $381 million, consisting of $224 million of share repurchases, $127 million of special dividends and $30 million of regular dividends. Stockholders' equity increased [4.3%] (ph) from the beginning of the year to $7.8 billion, while book value per share of $20.42 grew 5.4% over the same period. Book value per share before share repurchases and dividends grew 4.7% in the quarter and 9.7% on a year-to-date basis. With that, Rob, I'll turn it back to you.
Rich Baio: So, on the Insurance segment, we developed favorably by $2.5 million. And on the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment, we developed unfavorably by $1.5 million. So that's headed down to the $1 million.
Rich Baio: So, in the second quarter, we wound up reporting $63 million on inflation linkers. So, it was within the high end of the range. And then, if you were to look at a normalized level with regards to the linkers on a go-forward basis looking out over the next few quarters, we would anticipate, depending on inflation, where it goes, it could be somewhere between $20 million and $30 million.
Rich Baio: Absolutely. So, in the quarter, one of the things that you'll have noticed is that we had about $58 million of losses on I'll say a realized/unrealized capital gain perspective. There's a number of moving pieces in there. But to Rob's point, there's about $50 million of foreign currency losses that are reflected in that number. So that would offset the $63 million that we reflected in net investment income. So, on a net income basis pre-tax, you have about $13 million of impact, if you will impacting the net income. And if we were to look out into the foreseeable quarters, you'll likely see a similar situation arise where FX will largely offset the impact that's coming through on the net investment income side.
Rich Baio: Josh, I think it's really more around commitments that we make, so as you can imagine, these are private equity like investments and so when you make an investment in a particular fund, you're committing to a certain amount of capital over time. So that's what's giving rise to the increase in the dollars that are showing up there, if that's what your question is.
Rich Baio: Yeah. So, if you look at it on a prior year basis to the 2024 year, we would expect for the foreseeable future an increase in our net investment income.
Rich Baio: Yes. But, obviously, a lot of that has to do with scale. So, as we've touched on, I think, in the past, much of the opportunity has been in the short-tail lines. We'll have to see how those opportunities persist. Further, our colleagues, to their credit and their underwriting discipline, have not found as much opportunity on the liability lines. So, is the 29% sustainable? Yeah, but a lot of that will be in part driven by whether the business is able to grow or remain the size it is, or if market conditions were to deteriorate dramatically, then it's possible that could tick up incrementally.
