Rob Berkley: Emma, thank you very much, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining for our third quarter call. So in addition to me on this end of the phone, you also have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chair; as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We are going to follow our typical agenda where in a couple of moments, I am going to hand it over to Rich. He is going to walk us through the highlights from the quarter. I will follow him with a couple of brief sound bites or reflections and then in pretty short order, we will open it up for Q&A and happy to take the conversation in any direction where people would like to. But before I hand the mic to Rich, I did want to flag with folks, one sort of macro observation. We were chatting internally earlier and how it seems like the quarterly calls oftentimes turn into an every 90-day session talking about certain numbers, which oftentimes go out a certain number of basis points. And while those discussions are worthwhile and productive from our perspective, it’s also important that people not lose sight of the macro and it is something that we spend a lot of time every day thinking about and that is what is the goal of the exercise what we are trying to do, and clearly, one of the cornerstone goals is building book value. Building book value is an important thing for a whole host of reasons, including building book value allows the organization to live up or meet the needs of the various stakeholders. When we think about building book value, we approach it with an idea that we will refer to as risk adjusted return that many of you have heard us talk about in the past. We take this approach and apply it to both our investing, as well as our underwriting activities. And while you probably hear more companies do not in their own words talk about these concepts. I think one of the different -- differentiating, excuse me, ways that we approach this idea is how we think about volatility as a component of risk. And again, this is something that we’ve discussed in the past, but I think it’s particularly timely, particularly relevant, when we have a quarter for the industry, for society, like we saw in Q3. This idea of volatility as a component of risk adjusted return, we certainly grapple with both the investing and underwriting side of the business. You can see it on the investment side, for example, and how we have thought about duration and how we have been willing to keep our duration short and even though that comes at a cost, we do not think the risk adjusted return is there to justify going out on the curve and extending that duration. We do not believe you get paid enough for that potential risk. In addition to that, again, as it once again crystallized, in the third quarter, when we think about underwriting activities and we think about volatility as a component of risk. Clearly, the industry is feeling the challenges that come along with cat activity. From our perspective, cat activity is there on a regular basis and why people choose to back it out on a regular basis doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to us. Our view is that volatility is real. It is a real component of risk. When we think about running the business, it is of great priority to us and how we think about deploying capital. So I am going to pause there, but before I do, I guess, one last comment. I know that there are a lot of people that will look at our numbers and Rich will walk you through it and you will do the math, and you will come up with an ex-cat accident year loss ratio and what does that mean, it is on a combined ratio and that will probably get you to approximately an 86.9%. But from our perspective, if one chooses to slip off the rose colored glasses for a moment, we generated a 90.4%. That is reality from our perspective. But in spite of the cat and the impact, we did achieve a very healthy underwriting result, and in the process, we achieved a 16.6% return on equity. Ultimately, when one thinks about building book value, you can’t just think about the steps forward that you take, you need to think about how you avoid the steps backwards. And when you think about compounding book value over an extended period of time, when you think about value creation for shareholders, amongst other stakeholders, not taking those steps backwards, is a big part of the puzzle. So, with that, Rich, I will hand it over to you if you would please walk us through.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Very clear. Very helpful. So a couple of quick thoughts from me just following on Rich’s comments. Well, for starters, by virtually any measure a pretty attractive and healthy quarter, topline, bottomline and pretty much everything in between the two bookends. As far as the topline goes, obviously, the growth just shy of the 24%. Rich and I were doing a little bit of math together earlier. When you think about that growth sort of just shy of 40% of the growth is coming from rate, about 59% is coming in some form of exposure whether it’s new policies or auto premiums or whatever and then there is a de minimis amount coming from some other stuff. It’s just a good moment for the P&C space quite frankly ex most of the workers comp market, which continues to feel a bit of a growing headwind. Obviously, property felt some pain in the quarter, but just general market conditions are reasonably attractive and we don’t see that trend changing. More specifically, it is a good moment for specialty writers, particularly Casualty-related specialty writers and even more so the E&S market. We continue to see a growing flow of opportunities both in specialty and even more so in the E&S and there is nothing that leads us to believe that that tide is going to reverse anytime soon. So that’s definitely encouraging. On the loss side, we are trying to be thoughtful and measured as we’ve discussed in the past. Clearly, there is inflation out there. We spent years talking about social inflation. It’s still there from our -- at least through our lens and in addition to that, the realities of financial inflation clearly are having an impact on loss costs, and those are two very leveraged assumptions. So while -- when we look at our book, we believe the rate increases that we are getting in virtually all P&C lines with the exception of workers comp are outpacing trend, we are paying close attention to trend and as suggested a moment or two ago trying to be very thoughtful and measured around that. On the expense side, Rich pretty much covered it. I would just sort of take a half of pace back for those that have followed the company for some period of time. This is an organization where we have not made many acquisitions. We have been much more of a subscriber to the de novo model. We have started 47 of the 54 operating units from scratch. Some of those businesses have not gotten to critical mass and -- but they are on their way to getting to critical mass and a tailwind as far as market conditions is allowing that to happen. So when you look at the leverage that we are getting on the expense ratio as that earned premium continues to build, a lot of that is, yes, market conditions, which is allowing some of our more mature businesses to scale, but it’s also some of our smaller operations that are now seeing the window of opportunity to put more meat on the bones. Not much to add on the investment portfolio, obviously, the duration as I had referenced and Rich covered is sitting there at 2.3, book yield is about 2.3. It comes at a cost to have that discipline and to have that optionality going forward. From our perspective, inflation is here. It’s real and there is likely for it to be around for some period of time. I think I am going to pause there and I will save a couple of comments for the tail end. But actually before I do this, since most people after the Q&A just hang up, I will just again make the comment that when we not just look at our results, but when we look at the front windshield, there is really nothing that we see in front of us that is going to derail the momentum that we are enjoying today. It’s a cyclical business. This will not go on forever. But for the moment the momentum continues. So Emma, why don’t I finally stop there and let’s see what the participants would like to talk about.
Rob Berkley: I think it, well, obviously, mix is always a bit of a component. I would tell you it has more to do with what the market will bear. And we are continuing to try and make sure that as we price our product that it is appropriately priced for our needs, and quite frankly, there was just more opportunity to push the rates.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. So I think as we’ve commented in the past, the benefit if you will from COVID on the expense ratio is probably worth somewhere between 40 basis points and 50 basis points. Things are starting to open back up, people are starting to travel and 40 basis points or 50 basis points that we saw early this year and last year is probably now down to, I don’t know, call it 30 basis points or so, and that will probably over time reduce from here. But the earned premium continues to grow. So what do we think the expense ratio is going to be going forward, will we be able to sustain a 28%? Look, it’s a cyclical business and we continue to try and operate and maximize the opportunity that’s in front of us. At the same time, at some point, the wind will shift direction and being the disciplined underwriting operation that we are that our topline may at some point start to shrink and the expense ratio will go the other way. So do I think that you should -- I am not going to tell you what number to pencil in, but I would tell you that if you look at our written premium, you should be able to extrapolate where our earned premium is going and that should give you a good sense as to how you might want to think about expenses.
Rob Berkley: Nobody knows for sure exactly how it’s going to pan out, but I think we have a lot of headroom between where we are now and going above 30. So from my perspective, we are going to continue to try and be diligent around efficiencies and costs, but I don’t think anyone has an expectation that the group is going to go back to the range that you had referenced from expense ratio perspective.
Rob Berkley: … I do find it interesting, and quite frankly, a little bit bizarre that people discounts expense ratio. Because quite frankly that is real, that is tangible. Loss ratios, we know that reality over time. But the idea that an expense ratio doesn’t count that this strikes me as a little bit odd. So I don’t know, whoever is suggesting that, you could tell him I respectfully disagree. I suspect those people probably back out cats to them.
Rob Berkley: I think that one needs to be very mindful around how they think about loss trend. I think it’s a pretty foggy picture at this moment in time between the inflationary environment, we are in both social and financial, and then, of course, you have the COVID situation that muddies the water as you referred to. How much of the reduction in frequency is real versus just a delay, how much of it is permanent and will be a reality? Prospectively, I don’t think anyone knows for sure. I think that there is some people that may be susceptible to possibly declaring victory prematurely and I don’t think we know for sure how much is still hanging out there. And we as an organization are trying to be very thoughtful about it. If things -- if we are fortunate, it will approve to be that we were cautious. If it proves that no, there was just a pinch point and there is still a big surge of claims activity to come, we will be prepared.
Rob Berkley: I think I would assume the most market participants are looking at their loss costs particularly around property and should be actively thinking about back to the comments earlier in the call, their risk adjusted return. And while it’s very easy to do the math and to back the cat out, I think when all of a sudden you start to really reflect on one of your points a moment ago, the frequency of cat activity, not so clear that one should be backing them out. And when they think about how they price their business, what is an appropriate rate, I think they need to think about this frequency observation that you are referencing. I think it’s a really important point that you raised.
Rob Berkley: No. Not necessarily. I think as in a clumsy way I tried to allude to earlier in the call. We are all about risk adjusted return, and quite frankly, we don’t have a problem with volatility, if we think you are getting paid appropriately for it. So if we see property rates moving up to a level that we think is appropriate, then you will see us prepare to significantly grow that line. Just as a data point or a point of reference, Ryan, you will remember, you’ve known us for some years. There was a time that we were shrinking the daylights out of our Reinsurance business in general, because the Reinsurance market just didn’t make any sense to us. Now as you can see we are growing it considerably. So we are able to have a toe and a lot of tons with the idea that if the water temperature is right, we can put a lot more in the toe -- than a toe in the water. So, look, if property rates can erode from here, you will see us right less and less. If property rates improve dramatically from here, likely, you will see us take on more.
Rob Berkley: But let me leave that to my boss to answer. I might have a comment at the end, but let me leave that to him.
Rob Berkley: So the way that we are thinking about comp is the growth that you saw there is really just payroll growth, if you will, a combination of ways…
Rob Berkley: … as well as people coming back to work. We still find the market generally speaking to be notably competitive. And I think the hope that the market was going -- the comp market was going to be firming by the end of this year or early next year is likely again through our lens getting pushed out a bit to, probably, by 12 months, just when we look at market conditions and try and grapple with where we are in the cycle.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. We’ve been more concerned about the severity. I think the frequency is generally speaking been a friend of the industry. That having been said, clearly, frequency trend, the improvement that you saw as a result of COVID was that’s dissipating because people are back to work. The severity trend has been a bit more of our concern and it remains a point of sensitivity and how we think about the product line.
Rob Berkley: We are a player. We are very fortunate to have some exceptionally skilled people in the space and we think that it is a line of business that is heavily dependent on expertise. And there are a lot of people that deem to want to play the game without the expertise and it’s possible that could end in tears. But that is not our approach, and again, we do write it, but we have great people who control it very tightly.
Rob Berkley: I think rates just can remain very competitive. That was I guess the overarching point and there is a moment in time. I think what Brian was referring to when we had thought that the market may shift direction later this year, early next year, and again, our thought is that that will happen, but it’s probably pushed out of the year.
Rob Berkley: I think that medical inflation is a challenging area. I think that there is maybe a, perhaps, among some of false sense of comfort, I think, one of the things that happened during COVID is that people in general, whether it would be related to comp or other health needs, people were reluctant to go into health-related or medical-related venues. And as a result of that, people were not getting the care. I think it is certainly possible you are going to see an uptick. So if you forget about the Insurance industry for a moment and you look at the parts of the healthcare industry, for example, the hospital industry, you will see that there are a huge surge in patients in hospitals and they are coming in worse condition than they were pre-COVID and a lot of that is not COVID-related directly per se. It’s because people were not getting care or they were postponing the care and they are sicker. So I would suggest to you whether it’s comp or healthcare in general, you saw, I think, there is medical inflation. I think pharma prices continue to climb. I think costs in general continue to climb, but you need to separate out actually the cost of care versus the volume.
Rob Berkley: $6 million. So if -- was it there, yes. But in the scheme of 2-point something billion dollars of earned premium, it’s definitely tapering off.
Rob Berkley: No. We are seeing it continue to accelerate. It’s certainly more robust now than it was, without a doubt last year it’s more robust than it was in Q1, and like quite frankly, it’s notably more robust than it was in Q2. So we are seeing that continue to accelerate.
Rob Berkley: By and large, it’s across the gamut. I would tell you that maybe certain aspects ironically of property may have slowed a little bit, but the liability lines remain turbocharged.
Rob Berkley: Really, it’s primarily a reflection of the liability lines and the strength that we are seeing and the opportunities there on the treaty side. And then we are also seeing some opportunity on the fact side, but they are both liability and property to a certain extent.
Rob Berkley: Look, I think, we are going to have to see how things shake out at 1/1 and that will be very instructive as to how we should think about the Reinsurance market going forward. Are we -- I think we had commented in Q2 that our treaty colleagues and applauding their discipline. There are a couple of treaties that they had decided to move away from and that came through in the numbers earlier in the year. Without a doubt, we will have to see how the Reinsurance market takes shape around 1/1. I think clearly on the property front, there was a bit of a wakeup call and I think there is probably some liability pain for the industry, particularly those that chose to grow in the -- but I would define as sort of 16 years through 18 years. They probably have a handful right now and are maybe going to be thinking about rate a little differently.
Rob Berkley: I am sorry, Josh. The -- could you just repeat it? The Reinsurance market has been very what? I beg your pardon.
Rob Berkley: 1/1 is obviously a big date for the industry in general and the Reinsurance market included. I think over the years that sort of gotten spread out a bit, but there continue to be certain dates that are big ex-dates. I would tell you that you got to remember that some of the growth comes through over time through bordereaus. So we have certain estimates, but the way it comes through is through bordereaus over time.
Rob Berkley: I think my colleagues have been and continued to be very disciplined to their credit. I don’t think that they are accepting anything today that they wouldn’t have accepted yesterday or vice versa. I think what happened is that the market is moving toward the position that my colleagues and their underwriting discipline have taken. So, again, I think, they -- my colleagues are in the market every day in the manner that they think makes sense for the capital. The market moves away. The market moves toward them. As the market moves toward them, they are able to participate in a greater way and that’s what you see happening. Just like that what you see happening with our Specialty and E&S businesses and I see happening with all of our businesses. We are in the market every day in the manner that we think makes sense. The market moves toward us. The market was away from us. And much of what we do, the market is moving toward us right now.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that, first off, I would tell you that, through our lens, we don’t think that that’s something we are going to need to be overly preoccupied with for some period of time given the strength of the tailwind. That having been said, there are a whole host of things that we are looking at that lead us to have a view around rate adequacy, in fact how we think about terms and conditions, of course, we are looking at submission flow, we are looking at hit ratios. So, honestly all of our businesses have a variety of different data points that they used to triangulate off of to form a view of market conditions.
Rob Berkley: Great. Emma, thank you very much. And for those that may actually still be on the call, I would just tell you that this is clearly one of those moments where the planets and the stars from much of what we do are lined up. This is a moment where our expertise and our discipline is clearly paying off and the success that we have had to-date and we will continue to have is really a reflection of more than 6,500 people all working together on behalf of our various stakeholders, in particular, our shareholders. So we are very grateful for their efforts. That’s about it for us. We will look forward to updating you in 90 days. Thank you for joining this evening.
