Robert Berkeley: No different than how we manage our capital account when people have asked about our approach to repurchasing stock or dividends and so on. We try and look at what our needs are to operate the business, what our needs for capital are. Ultimately, it’s just additional earnings, and the question is, do we need to hold onto it or do we need to give it back to -- or is there an opportunity to return it to shareholders. So I think we're hoping that we have the problem, where we have a lower tax rate and we have more earnings to either grow the business or return to shareholders.
Robert Berkeley: Yeah. So the two pieces there, let me touch on the loss pick first. So as far the loss ratio or the margin, I think on an apples-to-apples basis in the industry, certainly, for much of it, rates are going down. Having said that, I think the one variable that you didn't touch on, which we are very focused on every day at every level is selection. So I don't envision, generally speaking that just because we are seeing some what I would say modest incremental growth in rate pressure, that one should naturally just assume that will straight through translate to higher loss pick, because again, we are constantly coming through our book and making sure that we're optimizing many of the things that we're working on internally I think could more than offset anything you see happening with rates. As far as the expense ratio goes, as Rich commented, I offered a thought on as well, a lot of it has to do with what we have in the hopper, what we have in the incubator. And those are the big drivers as far as where the expense ratio came in for the quarter and the impact on corporate expenses. So obviously, for example, as Richard mentioned, Berkeley won our entry into high net worth. That is a meaningful component to corporate expense. Some of the other growth or new initiatives that Richard mentioned that are already up and going, those are having a significant impact on our expense ratio.  So what I would tell you is that I think it's possible that by the end of the, or towards the end of this year, it's possible that you will see our corporate expenses coming down and maybe our expense ratio itself will be treading water or it might even pick up ever so modestly from here. So again I appreciate what you're trying to do and the complexities in trying to get your head around and the lack of visibility, but this is all driven by new initiatives that we think are going to bring value to shareholders over time. 
Robert Berkeley: The answer is we haven't really published it at this stage. The impact, we’ll have to see, but it certainly would raise it, at the same time, we don't know some of the businesses that are already under the category of expense ratio, how they will be maturing, our expectation is that many of the younger businesses or businesses that are operational, but in their infancy, will have gotten from traction, their earned premium will be kicking in, so that would be moving the expense ratio down. But if you're looking for a specific dollar amount or number of basis points that high net worth is going to have on the expense ratio, that's not something that we have to share today. 
Robert Berkeley: So from my perspective and I believe my boss’s perspective, first of all, underwriters, we're focused on making a reasonable risk adjusted return and they are focused on making an underwriting profit and we collectively, with the management team of each operation, figure out what the right level of margin or underwriting profit is. As far as the impact on tax and that changing our targets, I think it's more likely than not going to be actually turning that on its head. I think what, there's a real possibility that you're going to see companies that are based outside of the United States that all of a sudden find themselves paying a higher tax rate than they have historically to examine what their underwriting margin is and whether they need more underwriting margin in order to make their economic model work because their tax benefit is eroded or eliminated. 
Robert Berkeley: So I think there were a couple of questions in there, Josh, so if I miss a couple of them, just let me know. First of all, it is true that our business has shrunk in the commercial auto space and I would suggest to you that from an exposure perspective, we shrunk even more than it appears in the release because you got to remember, we're getting significant rate increases and we're still shrinking. So that perhaps is an indicator to you as to actually, the exposure is down even more than you might think at first blush.  As far as the market goes and apologies if I gave the wrong impression, our view is that it has finally touched bottom and it is moving in the right direction. We certainly do not believe that by and large, the commercial auto space is a hard market or anything approaching that. Having said that, it is one of the few lines where it seems like rate increases are outpacing trend as opposed to some other lines of business, where rate increases are treading water with trend or maybe in some cases, the product line is losing altitude.  So from my perspective and I think my colleagues’ perspective, it is by and large for primary commercial auto, better than it was yesterday, but not attractive enough from our perspective that we want to open up the spigot yet and we'll have to see if it gets to that point. Quite frankly, we saw a lot of momentum in the commercial auto space as far as people willing to push for rate, up until December and then we looked at December and we were surprised by the level of competition that seemed to step back into the market. So we are cautiously optimistic.
Robert Berkeley: I don't know the answer to that. I can't speak for others, but it would seem as though if, I can't put myself in other people's shoes, Josh. I don't know what's going through other people's mind. Clearly, for much of ’16, there seem to be a recognition that things need to tighten up, people needed more rates. And hopefully that will continue to ‘17 but we’ll have to see what happens.
Robert Berkeley: The answer is that it is going to be a gradual build as the business rolls out. And it will build momentum over some number of orders. As discussed in the past we think over time we can become a meaning part of the business, but this is not a situation where one flips a switch so to speak and all of a sudden a large business pops out of a box. So there will be a ramp up period of time as it scales and that will take quarters and ultimately years as it grows and develops out.
Robert Berkeley: Jay, from my perspective, I think that ultimately it's just a question for the industry trying to figure out who its regulator is or who they are, who is its master is to a certain extent. And who sets the rules and that's fine. I think over the past several years as bio got some momentum there were certain situations such as equivalency that popped up that created a little bit of confusion for market participants as to who was doing what as to what was managed at a state level/by the NAIC and what was the role for Washington. Obviously with the new administration, we’ll have to see what the view is as to again the role that Washington should play in the property and casualty insurance industry.
Robert Berkeley: We certainly are acutely aware from the perspective of how competitive the market is. So we are conscious of that as far as the specifics around our reinsurance purchasing strategy rather you know that's generally speaking not details that we get into but we are aware of the market condition and we try and take advantage of that at the same time we're conscious of the fact that these reinsurers are our partners and we are not looking to treat them as anything other than a partner.
Robert Berkeley: It’s certainly something that we look at having said that some of the – the seeding commissions are attractive but we think the business is that we're building and growing. We think they're pretty attractive too but we do look at quota share structures to try and give us a little bit of relief.
Robert Berkeley: My cue sense is, well it’s kind of funny, Brain, that you bring it up because the two of us were just chatting about that the other day as to are these signs of something else to come. Clearly if you look at the accident year loss ratio, there are a lot of challenges that exist in the market. We have and continue to believe there are a lot of pain but this hasn't come into focus potentially. And if you actually backed out or normalize for Cat activity and people stop living off of prior year development which eventually it would seem as though they're going to need to, there are a lot of issues. So do I think this is going to turn into a situation like the late 90s in to 2000, no. But do I think that there are some organizations that got a little ahead of themselves, yes. And I think that there's some pain and some of those companies that have some pain, I don't think that there's a lot of patience for volatility amongst their shareholders.
Robert Berkeley: No. I think quite frankly at this stage it could go the other way, Brian, at least, and I can't speak to the whole market, but I can tell you from our perspective, the number of competitors that we're in the ring with every day that are based outside of the United States, it's a significant percentage of the population. So a lower tax rate for us and a higher tax rate for them, I think is just going to force them again to really focus on their underwriting results and their core economic model and quite frankly I think if anything it’s possible it could be a double positive for our shareholders.
Robert Berkeley: A couple of things, first of all the renewal retention ratio give or take was hanging around where it’s been, I think it was just a tick shy of 80% percent for the group overall, but it was sort of in that neighborhood. What might be helpful, what pages this Rich in the release we break out the growth? On page five, I'm sorry, six. You’ll see at the top by line of business which will probably give you a little bit of inside as to where it’s growing. And by and large it’s this you know new business is tough to come by. There are a lot of people out there with a pretty big appetite and they want to grow and they seem to be doing - willing to do it at price levels that just don't make a whole lot of sense to us.
Robert Berkeley: Yes. As I suggested earlier, we'll have to see, tell us what the competitive environment is going to be for ’17 and we can tell you what we think the topline is going to look like. Having said that again, as we touched on earlier, we don't have perfect visibility into January and even if we did that's not a perfect proxy for the first quarter or the year, but early returns in January were encouraging for the insurance as it relates to the reinsurance business as we suggested that's a pretty tough environment. We are being very selective as we have been and we will continue to be going forward and I think there's a better than average chance you're going to see that business shrink in Q1 of ’17 and there's a good chance we’ll see it shrink for the whole year.
Robert Berkeley: No, when we look at our portfolio, it hasn’t shifted. We haven't become more inclined to accept Cat risk on a net basis. I think what's really happened is the series of events. They've kind of from our perspective been in the no man's land zone if you like and what I mean by that is they were big enough to be aggravating and noise but not big enough to meaningfully go into our reinsurance structure. On some cases torched it, it hasn't really been a big enough event that it's a notable industry event and again piercing through to the towers that we buy.
Robert Berkeley: Thank you Andrew and thank you to everyone for calling in. From our perspective it was a good quarter, obviously the topline while it slowed down a little bit in our opinion, certainly the insurance business where our margins are more attractive at this stage than the reinsurance business. We think you're going to see potentially an uptick in the growth in ’17 from what we saw in the fourth quarter. Having said that we'll have to see how much of that is offset by the reinsurance operation. When the days all done we are very focused on risk adjusted return and underwriting margin and if it means that margin isn’t there we are prepared to shrink the business. I think the other piece that's worth mentioning also is we continue with the focus around total return for shareholders and that’s very much included in our approach on the investment front. There are from our perspective means - there is rather I should say from our perspective a meaningful pipeline of other gains that we will be harvesting and as we take those gains and we have some visibility as to how that's going to unfold over the next few quarters. We again think that that is going to have a meaningful impact on the result of the organization. And in addition to that while the gains are coming through we continue to plant seeds and create new opportunities which we think will create gains in the more distant future. And lastly, we went through the laundry list of macro issues in particular, I think the tax question has a lot of people’s attention. While no one knows with great certainty exactly how that's going to play out. Again, as we discussed earlier, clearly a lower tax - corporate tax rate in this country will work to our benefit and by extension our shareholders benefit, but in addition to that I think it would be a mistake for anyone to gloss over or brush off the potential impact for companies that are based outside of the United States and at least the apparent focus of the current administration so as it was suggested earlier level the playing field. So again thank you for calling in and we'll look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days. Good night
Bill Berkeley: So, this is Bill. The answer is, we have gone into the cap gains with a very limited amount of our portfolio and we don't buy things to own forever for the most part, although there may be some things that we own forever. And we make decisions based on the environment and our examination of how we look ahead. So that will depend on not just interest rates, but inflation and uncertainty. So for example, we moved more money into the real estate marketplace, when real estate was not particularly attractive, we may choose to be less involved in real estate. We moved into certain industrial areas, when that wasn’t attractive, we may be less or more.  So it's a judgment we're constantly making. At this point in time, we think inflation is going to be modest and interest rates are going to go up modestly. And we'll continue to try and find opportunities that are attractive. But industrial opportunities will become more attractive if interest rates and taxes go down. So obviously that's the offset to that. So bottom line is, we will probably continue with our current balance, namely who are non-traditional bond portfolio a little bit, but we do expect tax rates to go down a little and interest rates to go up a little and inflation to move up a little, which would mean we're not likely to increase our fixed income investments, we’re likely to keep the balance we have.
Bill Berkeley: Oftentimes those go hand in hand. We say this is the rate we need and somebody else would come along and do it something materially less. Sometimes we'll look at the exposure and we say we just don't like the exposure.
Bill Berkeley: I think the answer is we have a President and a legislature who is very conscious of the fact that we shouldn’t have a tax law that gives preference to non-US entities and that is what insurance tax laws do at the present time. So two companies who write US business one offshore and one domestic, the company offshore pays substantially less to no tax. So we think that will benefit us because we think this President and his legislature will recognize that sometime over the next 12 months and level the playing field. So that will not lower - likely not - that part will not lower our tax but will raise tax - raise the tax of our competition. So, overall US tax rate we think will go down, which we’ll benefit. So we would expect there will be probably a continuing same amount of competition at a lower tax rate.
Bill Berkeley: We continue to have an American coalition for comparative insurance rates and this group of American domestic companies continues to work hard to seek a legislative solution to having level taxes and we are confident that is something that the current administration and the current Congress is much more receptive to than in the recent past. Those jobs those people and that capital paying a fair rate of tax in the US is the objective. So yes, I expect that we will continue, I will continue and we think we have substantial support in United States property casualty industry with us in this process.
Bill Berkeley: The new money yield is still probably 50 basis points under our average portfolio. So even now our new money is not going to give us where we are but that's also in part because we're keeping a short duration. If we were more confident about inflation and interest rates and we pushed our duration out to the longer side of our liabilities ratio, it would be closer to a match than it is right now. But right now keeping with that three, three and a quarter year duration, we’re still coming up short offsetting each of that is both our capital gains and our increased size of the portfolio which is giving us more investment income.
Bill Berkeley: First of all Jay, I don't think anyone at this point knows what the tax posture is going to be. I think if you go to border adjustment plan, the most likely event in our opinion would be most of the major foreign insurers - reinsurers would open US subsidiaries and that would take care of the problem. The US represents give or take 40% of the property casualty business. And I think that would probably be the real outcome. But I think we're a long way at this point in knowing what the tax equalization structure will be for these kinds of things.
Bill Berkeley: And Brian, it’s Bill. I think if you look historically as tax rates have changed just like when portfolios change, companies haven't changed their underwriting strategies when the taxes have change, they've continued to underwriting either brilliantly or terribly. But not because of - they haven’t changed their attitudes because of taxes.
Bill Berkeley: I think that certainly there are lots of people especially those people located in Bermuda and Ireland and other places that would like to put forth a view that's the case. I think that if you look at what the administration has put forth is they don't want US business enterprises to be at a disadvantage because you are located from a legal enterprise structure offshore. There is no enterprise that would be more suited to their concerns than the property casualty insurance business. We have been able to persuade almost everyone we see although one never knows where the world goes and we believe that it's obvious the US would not have written their tax laws to benefit non-US insurers. So we think whether they include all financial companies or not all financial companies we believe it is most likely that property casualty insurance companies will be included in any bill that's put forth because it's so obviously designed in the current status to give non-US companies a benefit and competitive advantage. All you have to do is look at where all the money to finance the companies that are located in Bermuda and Ireland and wherever. The money all came from US goes offshore and then they pay no tax on the United States business that they bring over there.
Bill Berkeley: I believe they do and I think we have more people in support of the Neo bill but whether it’s through border adjustment or the Neo bill, we think that this administration understands that it's billions of dollars of revenue that would come and how it's introduced could in fact been maybe even tens of billions of dollars.
Bill Berkeley: I cannot give you the answer because I don't know. I don't know how the border adjustment tax rules would work. And in fact Lloyds has a US trust fund and is really a very special entity. So while Lloyds might have business that emanates in the US, in many ways Lloyds business goes into the US trust fund. So Lloyds might in fact not be stuck in the same problems that everybody else. But I don't know the answer to that was purely a hypothetical issue.
Bill Berkeley: I think you should understand a lot of people have budgets and run their business by budget, which is not really how we run our business. So you get to the fourth quarter and people aren’t going to meet their budgets and aren’t going to get their incentive compensation. So that always happens in the fourth quarter, you get people being more aggressive.
Bill Berkeley: I think that you saw we paid two $0.50 dividend last year, special dividend instead of $1 special dividend its’ because we're trying to get a better assessment and the world is changing ever more rapidly and there's more uncertainty. We'll continue to be cautious trying as fast where it goes and we'll continue to search for opportunity. And we're going to make those judgments as the cost of capital is balanced with what we can do with the money and what the price of our stock is. And where we are truly a company that's run with what we think is the best interest of our shareholders. And we make those judgments every day just as though we own the whole company and we were thinking about it in those terms. And so I don't think we're going to make a change or a strategic reconsideration. Every day we get up and we say what can we do we think is best for our shareholders and that's how we manage the business and I expect it will continue that way and Rob's feelings are exactly the same as every other senior officer here because every one of our people are 60%, 70%, 90%, 100% of their net worth is tied up in the ownership of W. R. Berkley [indiscernible].
