William R. Berkley: Thank you very much. Welcome to our year end call. We were very pleased with our quarter and the direction of things. We think that our general expectations are being met and we’ll start with Rob talking about our operating results for the quarter. Rob, do you want to go ahead.
William R. Berkley: Thanks Rob. Gene is now going to talk about our financial results, and then I’ll try then I'll try to bring it together with our general view of the industry and where we stand from a positioning point of view with the company. Gene, go ahead
William R. Berkley: First of all, I think that we would say loss cost trends are, 2% to 3% is our estimate so we think pricing now significantly exceeds loss costs. Number two, we think we have built into our prior year’s loss costs and inflation rate higher than what we have realized and in fact it’s one of the reasons we’re very comfortable with out reserve position now because it clearly doesn’t appear at this moment that we’re likely to have consequential inflation and we were more conservative than many of our competitors and we felt that appropriate to build in a loss cost level and for that possibility and I think that we would probably see even considering medical inflation that was certainly less than 3%.
William R. Berkley: I think I general we don’t see behavior changing in a broad based way – Rob (inaudible), he can talk about the (inaudible).
William R. Berkley: Well, there’s no one who could dial a [phone] that doesn’t know with irrationality can exist in anything at any time. So I can’t comment on that. But I will tell you that if anything at the moment people have if – have not even begun to feel the pain of the under pricing that took place in 2009 and 2010 and certainly the beginning of 2011. So I think that irrationality aside, I would expect that there will be a lot more pain. And if you’re back in history, at turning the cycle, it always looks like we did worse than everybody else, by expecting a 99 action in here when other people were expecting 95s, 92s and everyone has talked what happened to Berkley underwriting, they really have gotten sloppy and the answer is, we haven’t gotten sloppy, we just have printed the numbers more of a reflection of what they are. So I would suggest that many people in the industry have probably not adequately reflective of the current action in here is vis-à-vis their pricing and I think the pain is just beginning. So I would be surprised, but you can’t ever bet on how foolish people can wish.
William R. Berkley: I think, by and large the industry is well-capitalized, I don’t – I think, if you’re going to see an insolvency, it’s going to be under – it’s going to be for something coming up that we didn’t foresee; someone who had a cap on the reinsurance and they mostly underpriced their business for someone who’s more modest-sized company with a $1 billion of capital and just lot more than they understand or someone who has investment problems because they were too aggressive. I’d be surprised if there were any (inaudible) solvencies with the exception of the exposure somehow or another to currencies or foreign exposures that people, no one anticipates.
William R. Berkley: We would hope that we would achieve our 15% return, that’s our expectation, every piece of business that we write we target that now, that having been said, there may be one – it’s one area or another that doesn’t get us to there, but that also depends on the investment returns we can get, it depends on a whole lot of things, but I can assure you that if we’re going to look back at the business we wrote at the end of 2012, you are going to see certainly an expectation that we will have had and return that would average 15% or more.Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Inc.: Good, thank you.
William R. Berkley: Well, I think that we did more than a 10 this past year. And as we have said, we’ve shifted some of our investment portfolio to realize gains. So some of our investment returns are going to come as gains as well as not gains in the bond portfolio, also gains in common stock, even though we are not investing big amount of money, we’ve been pretty successful in that. So I think we will – I think the combined ratio is likely to come down. We think that we still have some level of redundancies and we are not sure how much that is, but we are going to reconsider where we think inflation is going to be in our reserves as the year goes on, but yeah, we expect to have a double-digit return.Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So I mean, I actually, I have the ROE this year as an eight and change not as a 10, but you’re saying include investment gains, so you want to – it’s a net ROE, is that what you are saying not an operating ROE.
William R. Berkley: Yes, because we’re taking out all of our funds and so forth and taking them out and we’ve told people on two calls ago, I believe, maybe three calls ago that given our investment strategy, which is shifting that – we think that that income is a better measure, but…Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
William R. Berkley: I think our operating ROE was a little over 9% for the quarter; I think 9.1% for the quarter.Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay, okay. And then I guess, again, to the last question, you mentioned a 15 on new business.
William R. Berkley: No, no, that was – the question was how do we price new business. And the answer is we price the business with a target of 15.Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And when you price it at 15, are you picking it? I guess it seems to me that you’re – philosophically, given how well the releases have continued, you’re pricing it for 15 and then maybe picking it much lower, and that’s why the reported ROE is significantly below the new business ROE, after – new business target ROE after all the – after several quarters of growth. I’m trying to figure out what’s holding back the reported numbers from the target numbers.
William R. Berkley: When they price it – when they price the business, they are not pricing in cushions on reserves and so forth [and caution] that we build it. As well, there is a lag. It takes time. So the results you see now are results from probably 2010, 2009, it’s a blend of years. It’s not just – what’s reported in 2012 will be a combination of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, and it’ll be a combination of – those years will be a combination of reviewing reserves as we set them up. You have the unfortunate job of trying to make an extremely complex business into something that seems easier to analyze. But as you well know, it’s this blend of accident years that makes it a little more difficult. I’m sure if you’d like, Gene and Karen would be glad to go over on how that blends in, but…Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
William R. Berkley: Well, I don’t – first, I don’t think we will. I think that if we grow at that rate, you have to remember we have retained earnings we’re generating. So if we do, even taking a 10 or a 12 because net income is what generates capital. So if you do that, we’re only going to be about [$1.1 million]. But the fact is, I think that if we’re generating high returns and we love the business, we could probably run at [$1.5 million to $1 million] for a period of time. But the cornerstone there, Greg, is what kind of return can we get. If we’re not going to get over 15% reported returns of net income, clearly we’re going to be constrained to grow at a 15% or 20% after a couple of years. But we think our returns will be good and we think that we’ll have the capacity to grow as much as we’d like.Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks a lot.
William R. Berkley: Well, we don’t give it out by segments certainly, [we don’t do that].Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay. So – but it sounds like it was positives. So…
William R. Berkley: Right. So the fact is that the funds that we reported with a quarter lag effectively are going to be $13 million positive. So if that’s going to swing investment yield for example in the first quarter, it’s one of the problems that you have with some of the various accounting changes that are being impacted. In addition to that, we’ve been able to be opportunistic, and we still have a – while we have good cash flow, it’s still not overwhelming us yet. And we’ve been able to find things to do with the money at this point in time. So I don’t think investment income is going to suffer at least in the first six months, which is a plus because the pricing impact take, as you well know, take five quarters to be fully reflected. They get partially reflected each quarter a little more. So it’ll be the third quarter before they’re mainly reflected and the fourth quarter till they’ll be fully reflected. So investment income will be good. There will be modest impact, but very modest in the first quarter of pricing. Hopefully, expenses will be better, because volume will increase of earned premium because that comes in right away. So I would think that it would be an accelerating trend. So by the end of the year, things will be [better the risk] by the end of the year, the cash flow was such that we can’t find places to invest the money. The positive is you will have all those price increases having a greater effect, plus what I expect will be [substantial] this year. So I would expect though it’s an improving trend; investment income is doing well, and certainly not going down because we’re not investing for short-term stuff for the most part. So it’ll be marginal new investments. So I don’t think that that will be the case, and I think we only have about $1.8 billion that sort of rolls out in the next 12 months.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay, great. Okay, thank you.
William R. Berkley: I might add, we have for 40 years used beginning-of-year equity, or I shouldn’t say 40 years, at least 15 or 20.
William R. Berkley: No it came from foreign tax credits that effectively came in, in this quarter for various technical reasons but that’s all. But in fact capital gains are the same tax saving was regular. Municipals do give us a big benefit.Howard Flinker – Flinker and Company: Okay.
William R. Berkley: But its foreign tax credit and its likely foreign tax credits will continue to be a benefit as our foreign businesses are expanding.Howard Flinker – Flinker and Company: Yeah, sure. And second I’m curious about what I thought was a terrific gesture two years ago when BP had a blowout. You paid your clients claims I think within three days something like that. And now it’s almost two years later, what kind of responses you had from those or other clients? Have you been able to acquire other clients
William R. Berkley: I will comment philosophically after that Rob will talk about the actual businessHoward Flinker – Flinker and Company: Yeah
William R. Berkley: We deal through brokers and agents, but it’s a small community and I think that or else being the same people know who has good reputations and bad.Howard Flinker – Flinker and Company: No doubt. Okay, thank you.
William R. Berkley: Yeah, the group’s renewal retention ratio is running at above the 80s, which is give or take a similar level towards the (inaudible) past couple of quarters that obviously gives us further encouragement that we are able to push rates potentially further and also gives us a level of comfort that the underlying book is not – is not being eroded from quality perspective.
William R. Berkley: Okay, well, thank you all very much. We are very enthusiastic about where the market place is and where things are. Obviously there is plenty of things that can go wrong in any environment that is volatile and uncertain is the economic climate we are in today that certainly we think that certainly in the foreseeable future things are looking very positive. Thank you all very much.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you. Good morning. For the industry, the fourth quarter seemed to follow the same pattern that it’s been experiencing for the past several quarters. Noteworthy catastrophe activity along with a continued deterioration amongst many of the casualty lines. While cat events such as the floods in Thailand would seem to be exceptional or perhaps unexpected. This view is questionable given the recent industry experience over the past 18 months. : Having said this, it would seem as though with every passing day, the industry continues to further set itself up for classic hard market. The attention of carriers is being fourth to migrate away from reserve redundancies and redirected towards the need for additional rates and more disciplined with selection. In fact, there is growing evidence that some carriers not only have been aggressive in their underwriting, but also may have been overly optimistic in the reserving practices and may in fact be (inaudible). Earlier in 2011, the spotlight was primarily on the need for rates in cat exposed properties and workers compensation. More recently, it would appear there is developing recognition that brought our actions required. Shifting to organization, the group’s net written premium for the fourth quarter was $1.09 billion. This is an increase of 19% over the corresponding period in 2010. The breakdown of this growth is approximately six points associated with increased exposures of existing insurers including audit premiums 4.2 points of peer rate and the balance from the new business. As in the past several quarters the company’s growth continued to come about primarily as a result of how we have positioned our operations at more recently. Marketplace dislocations as many carriers continued to adjust their behavior. While the impact of these circumstances are felt group wide they are most visible in the specialty and international segments. Additionally continued gradual improvements in the US economy is providing further assistance to our insurers which in turn we are benefiting from as well. The group's price monitoring showed an improvement on average renewal rate of 4.2% in the quarter, and just shy of 5% in December. We anticipate this trend of building momentum of rate increase to continue well into 2012. Further on the topic of price monitoring, it's worth mentioning, our metrics do not fully focus on our renewal business, but also on new business. Our data would suggest that the group is achieving slightly higher rates on new versus renewal business. This would be an example of one of the many metrics we have that provide comfort with the respect to the margin in the new business level. The renewal retention ratio remains again at approximately 80% providing further confirmation that we are achieving rates without undermining the underwriting integrity of the book. The group’s loss ratio in the fourth quarter was 62.7%, which includes 1.3 points or $15 million of storm. Approximately $13 million of the $15 million is associated with the Thailand floods. The company’s expense ratio in the quarter was 34.1%. This improvement is mainly due to the gradual growth of our earned premiums. We anticipate this trend continuing throughout 2012. The combined ratio for the quarter came in at 96.8 however, when one adjust for reserve development as well as catastrophic events the current accident year remains at approximately at 99. : This approach has led to 20 quarters in a row of positive reserve development. The greater property and casualty commercial lines market has clearly entered a time of transition. There is no doubt with every passing day we are witnessing an increasing piece of change when it comes to carrier behavior. Market participants are not only looking to raise rates, but also narrow their risk appetite. This is not only evident in the rate increases the industry is achieving, but also through the accelerating flow of business into the specialty market, as well as the rapid growth we are absorbing in the assigned risk plan segment of the market. We have seen these changes in marketplace behavior accelerated through 2011 and anticipate it will continue further in 2012. It is very difficult for any of us to predict the future with any level of precision. On a macro level things are generally unfolding, however as we expected. The movement we have been waiting for is rapidly approaching. Years of underwriting discipline along with tireless efforts of many has positioned our organization ideally for a turn in the market. The fruits of these labors will become increasingly visible over the next few years.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I’m not sure if I would clearly differently it by scale of account even though that certainly will [in fact] I think that I would choose to define that accounts that seem to have more hair on them those are the ones that are more quickly turning up in the specialty market that’s how we never should have left begin with as some of the standard markets are common to their bookings and reacting so the competition around larger accounts, well that continues to a certain extent because it helps people make their budget. Having said that I think the great differentiator is really there is an issue of loss experience those are the consecutive account.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I might add that if you go back couple of years ago, when we were standing firm about pricing we were (inaudible) for a while. And we were losing business not because we were trying to raise rate, but we were trying to maintain rates and we were – our usual retention levels were lower, 75%.
Eugene G. Ballard: It’s always nice when a friend ask that question. Though here’s – let me take you through the old story about it. So then maybe be we wont’ have another person to ask the question. First of all, you all know we paid just a little over 28,000 shares to the stock we bought back; less than book value. So we were happy with the stock we bought back would have bought more back if we could have at that price. We always try and buy stock back at an attractive price, even if it stretches our capital position; we would buy back stock. So if we could have bought a $100 million of stock back at that price, we would have bought a $100 million stock back at that price, or a price near that. We couldn’t, unfortunately. So we’re price sensitive to what we’ve had. What we do is each quarter, we sit and look and look where our premium volume is going. How much excess capital we have and we anticipate we have, what our dialog is with rating agencies and where we’re going and ensure how much capital we have that we think is excess capital and then, we move forward from there. I could easily see if the stock sold at a big enough premium for an extended period of time to say to pay dividend, a special dividend. Even though in some way is that sort of wasted money because it doesn’t help how people look at it, it’s a way to get money back to our shareholders and it’s certainly something we would consider. I think giving shareholders their money, better than money back, was selling at a particular premium is better than buying stock back if we have a lot of extra capital. At this moment in time, I think, we will continue to look to buy back stock. It’s not that out of our price range, it’s in somewhat out of our price range. But there’s a lot of opportunities; we think there’s a lot of opportunities for growth and expansion and I’m hoping that I’ll be able to need every dollar of capital I have, but that’s a little more optimistic than even I am at the moment.
Eugene G. Ballard: Look, clearly the medical inflation component is very relevant to many lines and a few more so than worker’s compensation. Having said that, I think that the fundamental issue that is driving the change in worker’s compensation, it really has more to do with how many dollars people were collecting per unit of exposure. And well, clearly medical is a significant component and people need to contemplate that appropriately and then coming up with their pricings, quite frankly, putting that aside for a moment, people just got overly aggressive as how they priced the business beyond this the medical component. I think in addition to that, other trend factors such as frequency probably stands out in particular as far as something that people were overly optimistic about and it’s probably one of leading drivers as to the change in appetite and behavior that you’re seeing in the marketplace today. I think the medical is an important component, I would not [slowly] hitch my leg into that assumption as to what’s driving the change.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. Well, the loss for this quarter was $13 million. So it will be something less than that, but it might be – a lot of that’s already been recovered, so.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah, it is a book yield, and it has approximated as you can tell by the fact that it just haven’t changed that much. So we’ve been able to achieve those kind of – nearly that kind of a return on our new earned investments.Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks. It’s all my questions.
Eugene G. Ballard: All right, Jay I think it will be glad to go through them, but we don’t they don’t get tight out until the end of today. And I’m sure they can go through them what we have them in the aggregate, but they don’t get fully tied out until the end of the day with KBMG signing off. So given its year end I’d appreciate it if you would understand and let them give it you at the end of the day.Jay A. Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Thank you, understand. Thanks a lot.
