Rob Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Karen, that completes our formal remarks. So if you'd please open it up for questions.
Rob Berkley: We experienced what I would just define as some meaningful as I suggested short-tail losses that are not normal. An example of that would be a couple of good-sized by our scale property losses not overwhelming but good size, but perhaps even more noteworthy, we had some exposure to SpaceX which was the [indiscernible] that didn't get very airborne.
Rob Berkley: Okay, so I think there were a couple of questions there. Let me try and take them one at a time and if I miss one, please bring that to our attention. So as far as the growth that we saw, as you can see in the release, it was really in the property lines and as Rich had mentioned earlier, some of that comes from structured transactions where perhaps the available margin is limited. But given that the loss ratio is effectively capped, our downside is limited and consequently that allows us to take a different approach on the capital allocation than we would with traditional business. In addition to that, I think a couple of quarters or so ago, we had announced how we had started an operation to write global property FAC, non-U.S., if you will and that's contributing to some of the growth as well. As far as the results go, no, we do not think that the results for the quarter are our target. I think that the difference between our results and some other people's results are first of all we do not write a meaningful amount of cats and that's by design. And if you look at a significant amount of the profitability that the reinsurance market today is experiencing, it's through as a result of a benign cat environment, people release the cat load and then all of a sudden not such a pretty picture, looks more rosy than it probably is, if you peel a few layers back of the situation. Having said that, when we look on the casualty front for example and overall our loss ratio, the loss ratios quite frankly are they ideal? No. Are they acceptable? Generally speaking yes. The problem is the seeding commission/if you lump that in with the acquisition cost, that makes the model less attractive than what we would like it to be and that's certainly something that my colleagues are aware of, they're sensitive to and are focused on.
Rob Berkley: For us, whether it be the insurance business or whether it be the reinsurance business, we're in business to make money, to make good risk adjusted returns. We're not in business to issue insurance policies or treaties if you will in the reinsurance space or service for that matter. So our review is that if there are opportunities to make good risk-adjusted return, we're happy for the business to grow. If it would seem as though that's not the case, then we will shrink the business. I would suggest to you though when you think about returns, combined ratio is not necessarily a perfect indicator, particularly when you talk about structured transactions when the capital allocation is not consistent with what is a traditional capital charge might be.
Rob Berkley: Meaningful. If you're asking for a number, I don't think that's something that we could give, but this is an ongoing process where we're constantly receding while we're simultaneously harvesting. But also as we've discussed in the past, it can be lumpy as time. So as our chairman has suggested, on average you should expect give or take $25 million a quarter. There'll be moments in time when it's meaningfully more than that and there may be periods of time that we go through where there won't be gains that are realized, but our chairman and our colleagues are focused on creating value.
Rob Berkley: The answer is that we will be looking for new opportunities, if the opportunities exist, we will take advantage of those to the extent that the organization has excess capital. We'll return the capital to shareholders in as efficient way as possible one way or another. Our goal is not to have excess capital, having said that, if there are good opportunities to put money to work we'll do so.
Rob Berkley: I think fundamentally the world is moving in a direction where they are looking for value and their definition of value is evolving over time. A corner stone for value yesterday, today and in all likelihood tomorrow is expertise. The way we're structured lends itself to attracting, embracing and leveraging expertise and in a manner that customers can find true value. So I think our structure, while it has had to evolve over time, it will continue to evolve fundamentally our structure will lend itself quite well to the evolving environment.
Rob Berkley: I think that the point of the comment was nothing more than an observation about the environment around us. The fact is, there's not that much new to talk about us, so to speak, every 90 days. The world isn't changing in how we operate day to day, every 90 days. But the environment that we operate in, this industry is evolving and it is going to evolve more and more over time and we're conscious of it, we're trying to make appropriate plans for that and that's really where it starts and ends. But it was not meant to be some leading comment, that you're going to see some announcement from us tomorrow, taking the business in a radically different direction. Rather, it's a recognition that the world is changing, the industry needs to change and we're part of that.
Rob Berkley: I think that better can be - it's a comment that can be made in a relative manner. So I think the fact is that commercial auto found itself, as a product line, in a very deep hole. And the idea that a certain just one-off percent rate increase is going to fix that, I think is a pipe dream. And we can all read in places like the Wall Street Journal about trucking whinging over rate increases, but the fact is, most folks that are writing their insurance haven't been making any money, in fact they haven't been getting paid appropriately for the risk, whatsoever. So, do I think that the situation is improving? Yes. Do I think that it is still challenged? Without a doubt. But it is heading hopefully - well, it is heading in a better direction. And again that's why we're getting meaningful rate increases, but you see the line still shrinking as far as premium, because our account or exposure is going down dramatically, in spite of the rate increases we're getting.
Rob Berkley: No. I would not lead to that conclusion at all. I think that first of all, I don't think that we as an organization are of the view that our growth rate for the foreseeable future will remain at this level. I think it can change from quarter to quarter. In addition to that, beyond what we've talked about, as far as high net worth that we have announced, we have some other things that we have been working on, that we have not announced which I think over time will make a considerable contribution. I don't know what the market conditions will be tomorrow. So it's hard for me to predict exactly what the growth rate will be, but I'm not prepared to make the leap that it sounds like you're suggesting, that it will be low single-digit growth going forward. It may or it may not. But again we have certain things that we haven't announced which we think could offset some of the market conditions. Number two, from our perspective, while there are parts of the market, the reinsurance market being probably the best example, that are particularly challenging, there are still lots of opportunities. So one of the benefits of our structure and our 52 different operating units, most of these businesses, compared to industry scale, have a lot of runway, have a lot of opportunity. So again, I would not count out the growth. As far as the specifics around the expense, certainly, growth helps offset that, but I don't think that's the only solution. As far as expenses go, we do have some initiatives as to how we can become more efficient. Sometimes that will require us to take one step back in order to take two steps forward. Lastly, just on the topic of expense, because it's one that we all do pay attention to, the expense ratio for a specialty company of a 32% to a 33% may not be ideal. But it's really not that - it's really what I would define is quite competitive. True, if we were a national carrier with a multi-billion dollar personal lines platform and we could have that bring down our average expense ratio, that would be helpful. But if you look at fact that we're in the specialty commercial lines business, that expense ratio, we think, is quite competitive. And as it relates to the reinsurance and it ties back in with the comment earlier, the internal expenses, if you will, are by and large flat and actually flat with what they were some number of years ago. It really had to do with acquisition costs and ceding commission, that is putting pressure on that model. So lots of moving pieces, I understand why you may raise the question. May prove to be as you suggest. But I'm not, at least in my mind and I believe others on this end, we haven't reached that - any conclusion as far as growth going forward and what that means for expenses.
Rob Berkley: Well, I do think that we have the right type of people, because going back to the comment earlier about expertise, certainly there will be changes. But the cornerstone of how value is truly brought to customers, we think is in intellectual capital and expertise and knowledge around exposure and helping customers manage through that risk transfer experience. So do I think that we have the right people? Without a doubt. Having said that, will we have to continue to invest in people and build our team going forward as the environment changes? Clearly.
Rob Berkley: Well, I have a thought or two on that but I'm going to yield to our Chairman here to update you on his views.
Rob Berkley: Karen, thank you very much. And thank you, everyone, for calling in. From our perspective as suggested earlier, the marketplace is in the early stages of a transition and we think that it's important that people not misinterpret that. Yes, there are parts of the market that are becoming more competitive. Having said that, there are a tremendous number of opportunities for an organization like ours. Clearly, there is a transition that is occurring in how the industry operates, both how it will serve its customers in the future, as well as how the relationship between capital and expertise exists and how it evolves from what it was in the past. We think that our structure, our philosophy focused on people, their intellectual capital and expertise. We think our model of a decentralized structure and being closer to the marketplace is going to lend itself very well to these changing times. Again, from our perspective, we think that we're well situated to capitalize on the changes that are coming the marketplace's way. And we would expect that this will inure to the benefit of our shareholders over time. Thank you all and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Rich Baio: Honestly we're reluctant to even put too much of a range on it from our perspective just because of the potential flood component and how that will work out and how insurance departments will choose to interpret certain things. But from our perspective, we view this as something that would affect our earnings, certainly not something by any stretch of the imagination that could ever affect capital. I guess the other piece is obviously the business interaction as well, but again we think it will be a manageable number but I don't think it would be exempt from one at right now.
Rich Baio: Well, that's actually in the holding company expense, that's not in the expense ratio. So as we were suggesting earlier, until a business is operational, our definition of operational is they're writing business. We hold those expenses at the holding company once they start writing business, you'll see that coming through obviously both in the expense ratio as well as the loss ratio etcetera.
Rich Baio: No, Arash our fixed income portfolio increased by about $1 billion of investable assets. And that is large contributor to the increase in our investment income quarter over quarter. Yes.
Rich Baio: I think one thing you need to keep in mind here is that the business can be bumpy. Some of the business that's been still with us is the purchasing and selling of aircraft, as well. Small aircraft. And to that end, we could have earnings come through in one quarter that amount to much more than other quarters. And as a result of that, it's hard for us to really give you a specific number to include in your model, to project for that.
Rich Baio: You're correct, Jay, that's right. It's only the gain from the sale of the 2.2 million shares, net of tax and then the pick-up for the unrealized gain that will come through in the fourth quarter, net of tax.
