Rob Berkley: Mike, thank you very much, and good afternoon all. And welcome to our Q1 '21 call. On the call in addition to myself, you also have Bill Berkeley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, Group Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past. Richard is going to do the initial heavy lift and walk us through the quarter and some of the highlights. I will follow him with a few comments and then we'll open it up for Q&A and happy to take the conversation anywhere participants would like to take it. So with that Rich if you want to get us going please.
Rob Berkley: Well, thank you for the questions. As far as a specific percentage, we don't but I would tell you it is a growing percentage. And maybe to the first question, we look at the business at a pretty granular level, we look at it by product line, we look at it by product line by operating unit. And then of course, we are looking at a more macro level. We have a view as to what is an appropriate risk adjusted return. And depending on where we are vis-à-vis, that return will guide us towards how much of a priority rate is versus once we get to a certain point while rate will remain our priority, to what extent are we focused on actually growing the portfolio from an exposure perspective. So as far as the 13% goes from, I don't know for sure what tomorrow will bring? We continue to dissect the book and trying to evaluate it. Could it go down a little bit? Could it go up a little bit? I would caution you not to read too much into one quarter one way or another. But we are very encouraged directionally with where things are going. And again, the margin that we're seeing come through in the book itself.
Rob Berkley: So rate earnings through in the next couple of quarters of the year, we can help you, maybe we'll take that offline and help you do the math on how that is coming through based on the public information that we made available. I would tell you that, part of it depends on the loss trend that you are using, and exquisitely loss trend what is left over and then using a rough number, obviously two-thirds of that and there's some benefit of the loss ratio approximately one-third of also is associated with the expense. So I would suggest if you'd like that, we’ll take it offline and we can sort of help you use the public information to do the math as to what an earning level would be. And what that would how one can extrapolate from there. But clearly, given the reality is on the radon rate that we are getting an excessive loss cost trend, just at a macro level that is going to occur to the benefit, obviously, of the loss ratio.
Rob Berkley: Okay, I think clearly, frequency has been impacted by COVID. I think as the economy is opening up, more and more every day, that benefit is eroding, and eroding quickly. I think, also, as you're going to see the legal system opening back up, particularly, specifically, the court system opening back up, I think you're going to see that erode as well, which is one of the reasons why we have been reluctance to reach a conclusion as to what it's going to look like when the dust settles. That all being said, clearly, there is a benefit as a result of COVID on frequency trend. Having said that, the big driver, if you will, of social inflation has been more severity, or what I would define as frequency of severity.
Rob Berkley: I'm not in a position to give you a specific number, Mike. But I can assure you that we as an organization, all of us as a team collectively, are focused on making sure that we have a competitive platform to be operating from. And it is our goal to push through the 30 number.
Rob Berkley: So we'll have enough information in the queue to make you go blind on COVID. But as I think we may have referenced in the release, in the current quarter, we had losses of approximately 15 million bucks. And again, we'll have all kinds of additional information in the queue. COVID is a tricky one, particularly given a lot of our exposure is associated with event cancellation. So A, trying to figure it out when the world is going to open up and B, trying to figure out what are the options in trying to triage the situation between a full cancellation versus just maybe a partial event. So we continue to try and make sure that we are putting our best foot forward. At the same time, we're conscious of the fact that we have imperfect information.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that -- I can't speak to what others do, or to that matter how they're thinking about it. I can just tell you that we're pretty comfortable with certain product lines and what the available margin is, and we're starting to push on that. I do I think that it's going to materially flow through at this stage. No, I don't think so. As far as the retention ratio, do I think as you're going to see that become more and more of the case with the portfolio? Yes, I think you'll probably see that a bit more.
Rob Berkley: To the extent I made that comment, and I don't know if I did or didn't, but if I did, I assume it was some number of quarters ago, if not more. So I would imagine that there was a moment in time, when the insurance business was blown considerably quicker, certainly parts of it were grown considerably quicker than the reinsurance business. And as a result of that, that's where it would have made sense for us to be deploying capital. And that's where my colleagues would have been looking to grow. So again, I don't know when the -- I don't have a recollection of the comment or the timing of the comment. But what I can assure you of is that we are focused on growing the business in areas at time that we think that margin is there. And obviously, the reinsurance marketplace, is going through a significant transition. And our colleagues that have to discipline shrank the portfolio considerably, are now finding it to be a marketplace that is much more attractive, hence the growth you're seeing.
Rob Berkley: I think that's correct, which I think is consistent with what we have suggested in the past that we're going to start out with a pretty measured tech and then we will tighten it up over time, worker's compensation being an example of what we talked -- I think we referenced earlier in the call.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that ultimately, Ryan, you got to remember that we have a bit of a bouquet here. So we don't while we do look at the portfolio, and we do speak to you and others at a macro level, what we're trying to do is give you a little bit of insight that there are 53 different operating units, many of them with various product lines within each one of the operating units. And there are components of that, where we think that we are getting to a point that the rates are so attractive, that we're prepared to maybe not push as hard on the rate front. There are many components of it, as you can see, given the rate that we continue to achieve, where we think there's opportunity, and quite frankly, need to be getting more rate. So, what we're trying to do is give you a sense and help you sort of think about the rate of adequacy and how you compare what we got in the quarter with what we got in prior quarters. But again, at this stage, I think that it's very clear, at least in our opinion, that we continue to get something measured in the hundreds of basis points in excess of lost cost. And we are doing that in most cases for a second time. And the stage is being set for us to do that for a third time.
Rob Berkley: It's something that we have been observing in the data for some period of time. And it's like many things, you see a couple of isolated data points, and then you start to pay more attention and you start to find more and more of them. So I don't think that we could give you a precise answer, but directionally that's what we're seeing happening.
Rob Berkley: Clearly, during COVID, there were a lot of people sheltering in place, there were a lot of factories that were closed, there were a lot of people not going into offices, and there are a lot of people sitting at their kitchen table. And as a result of that, you saw less frequency. Having said that, again, we have noticed that severity seems to becoming more and more of an issue.
Rob Berkley: No, we view what we're doing on that front, which will, perhaps bring some efficiency but more often than just efficiency. It's also going to be empowering people with better tools and better information, so they can make better choices. But certainly, there's an efficiency component as well.
Rob Berkley: Yes, the 15 million that Rich referred to, from the current quarter is in that, so the actual, if you will, traditional cat number, I think which was about 21 million. The balance income in the quarter.
Rob Berkley: None whatsoever that we're seeing if anything, it continues to go in the other direction, Brian. Our submission flow is gaining momentum, partly because the economy, but partly because I think the standard market continues to revisit their appetite. I think you can see that in part how they're pushing more for rate. But simultaneously, they're weeding out the portfolio where I think they're revisiting what that appetite should be. And that is creating opportunity for the specialty market, in particular, the E&S carriers, and we're certainly in the middle of that.
Rob Berkley: We have a view as to what trend is, we think that it's based on reasonable fact, that is available and analysis. And quite frankly, I would expect that we will be overtime reaping the benefits from certainly the rate that we are getting in excess of that. Do I think that we are being overly conservative or overly optimistic with our pick on trend? No, but do I think we're being thoughtful and measured? Yes. Having said that, as suggested earlier, Brian, I think given regardless of the trend number that you realistically want to use, we are getting rate, that is several 100 basis points, in excess of any trend number I've heard people using.
Rob Berkley: Okay, well, maybe a couple of things. So first off, I would encourage people not to get overly consumed on the fact that our rate increase was only 13%, which I think by most measures is reasonably robust. But maybe that view is not shared by all. That having been said, I also think that it's generally understood at this stage and hopefully, it continues, that we have an economy that is getting back on its feet and building momentum. As a result of that, we think that you're going to see payrolls going up, we think that you're going to see this the amount of commerce, you're going to see receipts going up, and you’re going to see more economic activity. Much of what we do is priced off of payrolls, receipts or economic activity. And I think that that bodes well for the growth. In addition to that, you continue to see, as I referenced a moment ago, a standard market revisiting its appetite and pushing business into the specialty, in particular the E&S market, which is very much our strike zone, which is why historically we have done particularly well in these types of market conditions. And we think there's early evidence to support that that we’ll continue to be the case and we have no reason to believe that it won't. So, and I guess, lastly, I said, I have that, on the topic of specialty and E&S, there are a lot of small businesses that went out of business, you're going to see them coming, getting back on their feet, whether they're starting up again or starting something new, and new businesses tend to find their insurance coverage in the specialty in particular, the E&S market. And lastly, I think I should add that I think there's a reasonable chance that there is going to be later this year and next year, a meaningful catch up on the audit premium front. So, when you when you put all of those pieces together, in my opinion, while rate is and continues to be an important part of the story, and certainly for the past many quarters, it has been at a rate centric discussion, because of the need that the industry had for rate. At this stage with an economy that is opening back up and cooperating, I think that you're going to see great opportunity on the top line.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Rich. So Phil, I know that doesn't get right at your expense ratio question, but obviously, it's a meaningful impact on our economic model and just dawned on me we should have flagged that with everybody.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Mike, thank you very much and thank you all for dialing in. We appreciate your questions and engagement. I think by virtually any measure, it was a very good quarter and we remain quite convinced that there are more good quarters to come. Talk to you in 90 days. Thank you.
