William Berkley: Yes. So when you think about at least the space that we operate in and a significant number of our specialty commercial lines competitors, they are parent, if you will, are domiciled outside of the United States. They effectively have had a tax rate that is materially below the tax rate that we as an organization and other peers that are domiciled in the U.S. have had to deal with. So what has effectively happened is our tax rate is going down, and their tax rate may very well be incrementally going up. And that gap has narrowed. So for them to be able to achieve the same results and compete in the market, something is going to have to give. They are either going to change their pricing and raise it. They are going to change their risk selection. They are going to accept lower returns, something is going to have to give. And when I made that comment, I'm assuming that they are not inclined to want to accept dramatically lower returns. So those that have enjoyed a lower tax rate, that is a meaningful part of the marketplaces that all of a sudden are not going to have that advantage in their economic model, I think will be the biggest backstop to this marketplace eroding. They need to with -- they are going to have to figure out how they compete.
William Berkley: Yes. Honestly, we certainly catch the headline as you do. And from our perspective, it does not impact or change the opportunity that we see for Berkley One both in the short, intermediate and long-term.
William Berkley: I think it's hard to know exactly what tomorrow will bring. At this stage, at least in the short run, I think there is probably more opportunity outside of the U.S. than in the U.S. just due to competition. That could change, however, very quickly. Having said that, obviously, when we write a treaty, it takes time for that quota share structure to come through in the net written premium. So my view is that we'll have to see how it unfolds. But we think we have a great team of people both domestically as well as outside of the U.S. And they know the expectation is to make money, not to issue treaties or reserves. I think the other piece is, that's worth mentioning, we do have a meaningful fact presence. And ultimately, if you see a market that starts to really harden the fact that this could provide a meaningful upside. So again, the division of the business has shrunk and, again, we think that in the aggregate it might shrink a bit more during '18. But we'll have to see what holds for the second half of the year.
William Berkley: Yes. That as I've commented, Rich has commented as well, when we start a new operation, when it's in its formation stages before they actually start running business, we keep that expenses at the holding company or parent, if you will. Once they are operational, then they will appear or come up in the expense ratio, not in the holding company, if you will, expense. And what ended up happening with one of the units during the fourth quarter was they went live during the quarter. So part of it is in the holding company expense and part of it is in the expense ratio. But it will be all in the expense ratio for the first quarter and there will be some impact.
William Berkley: Yes, I think the answer is yes. Obviously, if you look back over the past couple of years, we have comfortably exceeded that. It can be lumpy at times, but the placeholder that we've provided over the $100 million that certainly from our perspective comfortably make sense for the foreseeable future.
William Berkley: I think Rich is suggesting that's a good placeholder, but there can be pluses and minuses. And unfortunately, treasury has not provided perfect clarity yet. So we're still working through that just like everybody else.
William Berkley: Yes, from our perspective the pricing is, give or take, in lockstep with loss cost trend. So we're probably not getting a lot of altitude there. But I would suggest to you that we are getting altitude in mix of business, and I would expect that overall margins will benefit from that due to mix of business. And then in addition to that, quite frankly, I think it's certainly possible that the pricing will get momentum from here in some parts of the portfolio. So as I sit back and look at the business overall, I do think that there is margin expansion going on, but I don't think it's necessarily driven by -- solely by the rate lever.
William Berkley: Well, I think that, obviously, we are an organization that tries to pay attention to what's going on. We try and make sure that we are aware of what opportunities are out there. At the same time, we are cautious and cheap with the shareholders money, some people have suggested. And as a result of that, we take a view that when it comes to building the business, we are very comfortable being patient and building it organically brick by brick. That way it's much more controlled. Having said that, we would certainly never rule out an acquisition if we thought that it made sense for the shareholders.
William Berkley: The truth is that, I think that for the most part, the rate levels for workers comp are mainly driven by people looking in the rearview mirror and historical data and experience. We'll have to see what the impact is over time. But from my perspective, we certainly don't see that having a visible impact at this stage.
William Berkley: Yes. It's clearly something that we're paying close attention to in certain lines of business when you see the economy humming along. Oftentimes, you can see lost cost trend moving in the direction that can have a negative impact on claims activity. So we are focused on it. Hence, the comments earlier, we don't want to overreact, at the same time we do not want to get caught behind. I think there are some folks out there that are perhaps mistakenly assuming that they can bank on what's been a very benign environment for the past many years. We will not be in that camp.
William Berkley: I think that we've probably gone as far as we could. I'll find out from our general counsel if you can come to our investment meeting.
William Berkley: I think just as a reminder, and I think Richie has commented on this in the past. We booked that on a quarterly lag. So we're not going to give you the indicator necessarily as what to expect in the first quarter. But if you look at what's happened with energy prices a quarter before, that's not a bad leading indicator as to what you might expect.
William Berkley: So I think, by and large, while it's not everywhere, more often than not, there is an increase in the claims activity that has been hitting the professional liability market and this is on top of a marketplace where they -- for the most part directionally rates have been headed in the wrong direction for some period of time now. I think, the point that you made earlier is not a bad leading indicator. You pick up the newspaper you hear about what's going on in the world and you try and think about what does this mean for the insurance industry. Well, you know what? There is more claims activity that's hitting the professional liability space. Because of some of the things that you referenced, but also some of the things that we've discussed in the past where from our perspective, you were seeing a, generally speaking, more litigious environment. You're seeing a more aggressive plaintiff bar that is getting traction. You're seeing an increasing frequency of severity. And it's one of those things where it doesn't really appear typically in a very abrupt way, it kind of creeps up when you're not paying attention.
William Berkley: I'll give you what clarity I can. So our expectation is by the end of the first quarter where we will be in two more states. Some of that is a little bit out of our control, quite frankly, because we are at the mercy of insurance departments and their approvals. So we haven't come out and said exactly what those states are. But the gang that's running that business they have a few in the hopper, and I think there are two at the top of the list. But I don't know how much we've communicated it. What I would tell you is, we are going to markets that you expect we would go to markets, markets that are not as rich, if you will, and our target market are probably not markets that we are making as much of a priority.
William Berkley: I'm going to stick to my answer before. And we will make sure that when we announce it, you're on the distribution.
William Berkley: So Jay, I would suggest that that's a conversation for you to have with them. I can't square it, so if they connect the dots for you, maybe you could pass it on to me particularly to my father, he would be very interested. But again, I just look at the macro and I look at their economic model. I look at economic model that others have similar to ours. I look at what's changing. And if people want to be able to remain where they are, it just doesn't work. So maybe there's something that I'm missing. And again, I certainly don't want to be rude or disrespectful to any of our competitors outside of the United States. We have a lot of time for them. But when I look at the situation as a case study, I don't understand how they would reach that conclusion. So maybe you can figure it out and let us know.
William Berkley: So as far as that marketplace goes, I think that the number one barrier to entry is expertise. Unfortunately, that barrier is not always recognized by pools of capital and they just step in and oftentimes, it takes a little while but that ends in tears and then they respond accordingly. So -- and we've seen that happen. The good news about this line of business is it's relatively short tail, so people who zig when they should zag it, it comes into focus pretty quickly. As it relates to the marketplace overall, I think one obviously needs to be very cognizant of what's going on with loss trend. But generally speaking, from our perspective, we've been in the business for many years now. We're very pleased with our participation. And while it's competitive market like every market we operate in, we are not particularly put off at the moment by the level of competition.
William Berkley: The answer is that any time an account moves from one place to another, there is a bit of friction, if you will. But I wouldn't want to lead you to the belief that, that is a significant barrier.
William Berkley: Ultimately, it really varies very much by state and by regulator. Clearly, there are some insurance departments and state rating bureaus that are very focused on the idea of a healthy and sound workers comp marketplace for their state, and understand the implications on their economy in their state. I think there are others that may take a shorter-term view. When the day is all done, we look at a marketplace, we look at exposure, we think about what an appropriate rate is. If we can get that rate, we'll write the business. If not, we're not going to write it.
William Berkley: The answer is that we are in a position to provide continuity to a marketplace that we think make sense. Ultimately, if the marketplace moves away from what we think is an appropriate rate, customers are certainly able to find an alternative perhaps at a different rate. But our goal, as we have explained and demonstrated to stakeholders, is to provide a continuity for customers and ultimately we think that's part of our value proposition.
William Berkley: Sure. Let me make sure this is what you think you heard. We may have made a couple of comments on the energy portfolio. Long story short, we bumped the energy portfolio on a quarterly lag. As a result of that, what you saw come through in the fourth quarter was actually the results from the energy portfolio in the third quarter. So when you look to the first quarter results, those will actually be a reflection of what happened in the fourth quarter. So to the extent that you want to try and anticipate what will happen in the quarter, if you look at the prior quarter, that will give you a sense.
William Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you all for calling in. Couple of quick sound bites before you run off and start checking out other releases. From our perspective, our strategy around risk-adjusted return and focusing on volatility, we were able to execute that, again, second quarter in a row. I think that was demonstrated in the results. In addition to that, we are optimistic quite frankly about market conditions for parts of the market that we are meaningfully players in. I think we touched on that as far as rate as well as some of the underwriting actions that we have taken. In addition to that, we continue to be very enthusiastic about what has happened on the tax front and ultimately, what that means for our economic model. And finally, of course, the comments earlier about a rising interest rate environment and the leverage for us and our economic model, in particular, given the significance of investment income as a result of our large reserve base. So by and large, we are very enthusiastic about '18. We think '18 is going to be good year for us. And quite frankly, it is going to be an opportunity for us to set the table for what will be a good '19 as well. Thank you all for calling in and we will speak with you next quarter. Good night.
Richard Baio: It's certainly a possibility. I think, as I was mentioning in my remarks, a lot of it will be dependent upon where the profitability of the business lies. We have International businesses that are taxed at much higher rates. So if you look, for instance, in our Latin American operation, Argentina tax is at 35%; Brazil tax is, I believe, at 45%. So once again, it will really depend on where the profits come and then that in relation to the tax exempt interest, which is a preference item to bringing that 21% marginal rate down. So we will need to, obviously, do our best to maximize the profits in the right place.
Richard Baio: I mentioned 21% and that would be our expectation right now on a global basis. Although, as I mentioned, that could change depending upon the mix of where the profits are coming.
Richard Baio: Yes, they will. So as you know right now we mark-to-market the equities as well as our fixed income portfolio for the most parts through equity. And so this accounting change is going to apply, obviously, to everyone. So equities will now go through P&L and we'll weigh up that variability. But it is only as it relates to certain equities, just to be clear. And that's been fund and so our equity accounted for, so those would not be mark-to-market other than if the underlying fund to market is positioned to market.
Richard Baio: There are special disclosures that we'll need to follow under the accounting rules, so there will be change with regards to that. But you'll see the delineation.
