Rob Berkley: Thank you. Good afternoon. During the quarter trends in the commercial lines insurance and reinsurance market were by and large consistent with what we have seen over the past several quarters. The reinsurance market remains exceptionally competitive and is yet to find the floor; however the pace of erosion, at least for the moment seems to be slowing. The drivers behind this competitive market continue to be the same as they've stayed in over the past several quarters. The alternative capital coming into the market is putting a great deal of pressure on the marketplace overall and traditional players are trying to rationalize how they are able to compete going forward and be able to also generate a sensible return. At the same time, we continue to see changes in the behavior amongst ceding companies. Cedings are looking for ways to buy more efficiently; they are looking to combine programs and reduce the number of treaties they buy, while simultaneously looking for ways to increase their net retentions. As it relates to the insurance market, certainly a very different picture; much brighter than that in the reinsurance space, though the tailwind seems to be gradually slowing. Select parts of the workers compensation, GL and professional market remained very attractive to name a few, while on the other hand long-haul trucking, aviation, and parts of the marine business continue to be a concerning puzzle. With regards to the company’s performance, net written premium was approximately $1.46 billion, up slightly more than 7% when compared with the corresponding period last year. The growth was primarily driven by our domestic insurance operations as well as select parts of our international business, though it was partially offset by our reinsurance segment which is trying to navigate its way through obviously the very competitive environment that I mentioned earlier. Rate increases for the domestic insurance business were approximately 3.1%, and at this level we believe our margins continue to expand. It’s worth mentioning as well that this rate increase was complemented by a renewal retention ratio of approximately 80%. The loss ratio for the quarter came in at a 60.8%. This is an improvement from last year in spite of the challenges that our international segments faced. You may have noticed this in the press release that the international segment did have a difficult quarter, and it certainly wasn’t a great year. As it relates to the quarter, there were really two meaningful issues that led to the outcome. One had to do with CAT losses, and Gene is going to be touching on this shortly, but it really stemmed from two events, one in Australia and one in Mexico. The other issue was some loss development that we had coming through in our UK and European professional liability operations. We believe that we have our arms around the issue and are well on our way to addressing it. The expense ratio improved during the quarter by 1 point to 32.5%. Our domestic insurance business led this improvement, coming in at almost 2 points of improvement. This was partially offset by the reinsurance segment, which saw some deterioration in their expense ratio, and this deterioration was really driven by higher commissions. We believe that there is opportunity to improve on our group expense ratio from here, but takes time and the hard work of many. I would remind you that this type of activity on occasion requires one to take one step back before you can take two steps forward. When one point puts all the pieces together, the organization achieved a combined of a 93.3%, which is just shy of a 2 point improvement from the corresponding period in 2013. Gene is going to be touching on the highlights from the balance sheet, but I would offer one comment and that is we had net positive developments of approximately $23 million in the quarter and this represents the 32nd quarter in a row of positive development. When one takes a step back and looks at the quarter, clearly the international segment had its challenges, but as I suggested a moment ago, I believe that we are well on our way to remedying the situation and it just takes a little bit of time for that to come through in the numbers. The reinsurance segment certainly faced its challenges as far as the marketplace that it operates in. Having said that, we believe that the discipline and knowledge and experience of our colleagues in that space, we’ll be able to continued to manage the capital effectively. And finally, the domestic insurance business which had a particularly strong quarter we think is well positioned to be able to carry on into 2015 with similar or improving results.
Rob Berkley: 33 for the full year. Our view is that there is opportunity for us to try and improve across the board. Certainly we think that there is opportunity for us to try and improve where we are on the domestic front. We think that the expense ratio, assuming there is not a dramatic shift in the environment, can improve a bit from there, from the 30. We are hoping that we can drive it down to something that starts with a two, but the greater opportunity for us is on the international front. And again, while it’s a smaller piece of the business, it’s not going to have the same impact, but clearly we need to be able to do something that is notably better than something that starts with a four.
Rob Berkley: I think that at this stage it’s a little bit premature for us to be able to quantify that in a definitive manner. Having said that, it’s hard to imagine that we are not going to see that coming through as the health of the part of the economy that we service struggles a little bit more than it has in the past. We are seeing early signs of the challenges. Just you’re not seeing the same amount of investment from the operators that we have seen in the past. We certainly are seeing a slowdown as we look at some of their receipts. In this early stage we certainly are seeing a bit of a slowdown as it relates to their payrolls. So the long-term effect, what the impact will be on our business from an underwriting perspective, we don’t get the same visibility that we do on the investment side, or certainly not nearly as timely a manner. We do expect that there will be an impact. Having said that we think the businesses are very well positioned and in spite of the headwind they'll do just fine.
Rob Berkley: This is Rob. I think the answer is that clearly workers compensation is a bit more competitive than it was 12 months ago. Having said that the business that we’re writing, we’re still very confident that it is achieving or exceeding the targeted return that was referenced earlier. So, yes, the market is more competitive, but we don’t think that it's gotten to the point that it's not still attractive. I think it's important to note that one should not paint with too broad of a brush; there are parts of the market within the comp universe that are exceedingly attractive, and there are other parts of the market which one should tread very carefully. So, I think we as an industry tend to talk about the comp market as one, but quite frankly it's really a bunch of micro markets all under the banner of comp, both depending on exposure as well as territory.
Rob Berkley: No, I don’t think that the size of the book at this stage in anyway marginalizes our ability to be effective in the marketplace.
Rob Berkley: Brian, it's Rob. As it relates to our own ceded activities, of course we are cognizant of what’s going on in the reinsurance market and we try and make sure that we take that into account in our buying habits and ensure that we are managing the capital appropriately for the share holders. So yes, we have benefited from the current reinsurance market. At the same time, we have not - we’ve been conscious or not overreaching and turning our back on our long-term partners because we think that one needs to strike the balance between being opportunistic but also recognizing ones partnership with those that has gone back for many years and will hopefully continue on for many years.
Rob Berkley: It really quite frankly hasn’t become a huge issue so far based on what we have seen, and you should know what we will see in the next call at 90 days or throughout 2015. But the competition that we’re seeing from some of the standard markets to the extent that it's there and it's invisible, it’s really more our regional companies that has seen it and certainly our monoline comp companies have seen the national carriers sort of reawaken in the comp space having stepped away over the past several years.
William Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So I'm going to try and go over what I think are the important points of how our year was; I'll talk about the disappointments as well as the high points. The biggest disappointment were the income from funds. The worst part of it was our oil-related investments as well as one particular common stock fund. Unfortunately, those are bumpy and one of the oil-related funds that we invested in will likely in the first quarter have an adverse impact compared to its similar quarter in the first quarter of 2014. We think at that point it will be behind us. Oil prices don’t have to go sky high to have dramatic improvements, but when you choose to mark-to-market which is the nature of how we mark the funds in order to give more transparency, that’s just how it is. We are offsetting declining investment income with the growth in investable assets. You can see, investable assets are up roughly $1 billion last year, and they will be up somewhere between $650 million and $1 billion in 2015 which again will help offset the decline in yield. We are putting more and more money into short term assets. We believe inflation is around the corner; we just aren't sure how far the corner is away. But in addition to the $700-odd million of cash we show, we have roughly $1 billion in other maturities which are less than a year but we can get a 1% yield on those maturities, so we think we are willing to go out that slightly longer distance to get up to a 1% yield. But overall, we’re still being very cautious. We don’t expect to change that. Our reinvestment rate's probably 2.5%, maybe a little better, but we are mainly searching for things we can invest in that we may give up a little bit of liquidity, but we get 4% and 5% returns, but no market liquidity. High quality securities, however, is the only thing we are looking at. The core business, the basic insurance underwriting business continues to do well. The performance is excellent. There are a bump here and there that comes up. It’s the nature of our business. We fix them, we don’t hide them; we address the issues. We think we’ll be able to continue to generate outstanding returns, especially given the interest rate environment. And whether we get 13%, 14%, 15% or 17%, I can’t tell you at this moment in time, but we are going to still target that 15% return and we hope we’ll be able to continue to achieve that. As far as capital management goes, we think there is lots of things happening in the industry, where opportunities to use capital, to obtain capital are available and we’re assessing those constantly. We are, and have always been careful managers of capital, whether it’s through special dividends or buying back stock. We are owners of the company. We are not theoretical owners; therefore, we act as owners, maximizing the return for our shareholders. We will continue to do that. Nothing has changed from that point of view. When we think the best use is paying a dividend, we are going to pay a dividend; when the best opportunity is buying back stock that’s what we will do. We’ve looked at acquisitions; we continue to do so. Most of them don’t enhance the value to our shareholders. We’re swapping our stock and the values we see in it for someone else’s piece of paper that we don’t think adds a similar value. We’re just not anxious to buy someone else’s business at a premium price. We’ve been able to add business; we’ve added $700 million of business in the past 24 months net to us, and we’ve done it internally. We think we’ll be able to continue to grow at a substantial rate. So, we’re pleased with how things are and we’d like it to be more opportunities. Many of these acquisitions of similar companies will create opportunities for us because there are people that lose their jobs and create opportunities; there are people that don’t want to have the same exposure, so they don’t want to double up on that exposure. We continue to believe our model is good and we will continue to build on what we have, of course never closing our eyes to where we are. So with that I am happy to answer any questions in the call. We’ll be glad to answer any questions.
William Berkley: I think that one thing to keep in mind though as it relates to the international expense ratio, the reality is, there are higher distribution costs oftentimes found on the international front. So, maybe to answer your question more specifically, assuming that market conditions remain as they are and we are able to maintain a level of earned premium where we are or better, I think you will see us be able to drive that expense ratio down over some period of time by certainly more than a 100 basis points.
William Berkley: I think that it clearly is going to be more difficult, but I don’t think 4% real growth is something that we would think would be impossible to attain.
William Berkley: The other thing is common stock dividends which - we sure have moved out of common stocks and there’s an opportunity to move back and that might change it also. So, one of the issues you have is what our companies as a whole are going to do with their dividend rate, so forth.
William Berkley: The only piece that we know for sure is energy; the energy partnerships will be - result in - they would not make us any money. I would think the partnerships as a whole will be certainly not as good as the corresponding first quarter. We don’t have the numbers at this point in time; everything is not in. As soon as we know, we’re going to do our best to give people a heads up. We were surprised about a couple of pieces of that, so we’ll do our best to keep people informed. We think that the 12.7% return for the year was an okay return, but it was lumpier than we expected. But we would expect that we will have a fine return for the year, but it could be a little lumpy.
William Berkley: I don’t know the answer to that. I’ll know within the next three weeks, but I don’t know now. I’ll know a lot better - one of the things you have to understand also is, a couple of those are things that are in foreign currencies and so there’s a lot of moving pieces to that. We will let you know as soon as we know.
William Berkley: Now, there are a lot of moving parts. I think directionally, it’s a good indication, but it’s not a one-to-one kind of thing. Directionally, it’s the right sense though.
William Berkley: The short answer in the interest of time, and I’m happy to get it to more detail if you like is that we had some negative development coming out of a few of the professional liability lines, and in our effort to get our arm around the situation we did what I would define as a reasonably deep dive and looked to try and make sure that we fully had our arms around it.
William Berkley: Pardon me? No. we said we will continue to use capital management in order to enhance shareholder value, whether that’s buying back stock, paying a special dividend or whatever, and there’s a lots of things going on to give us opportunities to figure ways to optimize the use of our capital.
William Berkley: No, I don’t think. I think that there are more people doing transactions which will give us more opportunities as our competitors try to do this, and we think that’s going to be an enabler for us to do better.
William Berkley: Ceding commissions are a component of it. I would also suggest to you that we are looking for ways to be more efficient and save dollars in how we operate the business, which is a meaningful component as well. And finally, obviously, we benefit from earned premium.
William Berkley: I think that you should be operating with the understanding at least in my opinion that we feel as though that there is opportunity for further improvement, but again as I at least tried to suggest earlier, it’s not a smooth curve. Sometimes we need to take a step back in order to take two steps forward, but I think that there is still opportunity for us to improve in many places. Again, the international segment is one of the more obvious places from our perspective.
William Berkley: And there is a lot of leverage in some of that when we hit a 15% return, where incentive compensation, it’s in, and is all at the parent company.
William Berkley: I don’t think so. I think that we believe the underwriting decisions are very sound depending on how difficult that part of the economy gets for what period of time. That may, for some period, have a negative impact at some point on our expense ratio, which we are more than prepared to deal with if the businesses begin to shrink, and that’s fine as we’ve demonstrated in the past through other challenging times. But overall, the underwriting appetite and the underwriting discipline does not ebb and flow, it is constant and we’re not particularly concerned about it. But again, it may be a top-line phenomenon which will impact the expense ratio, but that's about it.
William Berkley: I think ultimately there are issues that are old and common sense which says the government keeps printing money; more money will eventually convert it to inflation. The complexity that we are adding is we now have a global economy with people bringing money into the dollar with interest rates overseas basically going to negative. Even 20 basis points is more attractive here than it is when you are paying 20 basis points to deposit your money. So, I just think it’s eventually going to come about where we are starting to see pressure on wages here. If I was more certain about it, we'd have a lot more cash because it's still only 10% of our portfolio is short. I think that it’s a judgment that that’s the direction we’re going and the duration of our portfolio is somewhat shorter than the duration of our liabilities, but modestly shorter; it's 3.2 years compared to say 3.5 years, 3.6 years. Again, 10% or 12% shorter. This is not a business where we make big bets because we think we’re brilliant; we hedge. Would we go a little shorter? Maybe. But right now we are cautious. We are looking for things to do that those less liquid assets would give us inflation protection. We’re just being cautious because we see inflation as a major uncertainty that’s sitting out there.
William Berkley: Right now lost trends are totally benign and they are - our assumption of certain loss trends at 2% give or take, maybe 3%, if anything we are probably overestimating for the moment, but I don’t see anything that’s going to dramatically change that. And clearly, the question is how things heat up, when do they heat up, what causes it to heat up, how's that going to interact with the Affordable Care Act and certainly medical costs are being part with. I think that people who have to build models and have to make estimates have to make some assumptions. Our assumption is, we take a step in one direction and try to hedge a little bit. Our hedges, we think there is a possibility of inflation. We are assuming there is more inflation than it appears at the moment. But we'll have to change our view if inflation starts to pick up. We will have to go with the other things. But we do own real estate, we do own other really hard assets that will protect us in the event of inflation, and it will protect us more than in fact the levels of inflation.
William Berkley: We have negligible exposure to trading credit. Let me - the answer is, we don’t like trade credit in any consequence of way; we probably have some peripheral trade exposure in some - we end up having exposure in everything, someway, someplace, somehow, even though we are not supposed to. So we probably have a bit here or someplace. But we don’t like trade credit. I think the real - the interesting thing is, the dollar strength causes us to mark our assets to market and while we mark our ability to market, we don’t get a full credit for all those liabilities. So we've got some benefits at the moment where we've hedged our credit exposures as far as currency goes and we don’t get the benefits on our balance sheet of those hedges. So, if anything, the strong dollar on our balance sheet is probably a positive at the moment. I think from an economic point of view, clearly a strong balance sheet is we’ll have a more negative - on our balance sheet, not directly but indirectly on the economy, so it's something we need to be concerned about.
William Berkley: I think that the people who benefit will be the executives of the industry who do that. I think that for the most part bigger is not necessarily better. I think there are some companies that are too small to be competitive, I think can't get along with $1 billion or $2 billion of capital but I think $4 billion or $5 billion of capital was probably okay. My best judgment is, it's just fewer people for the government to look at who don’t pay taxes. It just makes it easier.
William Berkley: Well, I don’t think there is anything orderly about what we’re seeing today to tell you the truth. I think it’s a pretty mixed bag. Again, we end up talking about rate increases, but we are covering a pretty broad spectrum of different types of insurance here and there are some that are getting tremendous increases still at this stage and there are others that are - quite frankly, we’re willing accept rate reductions because we believe in the margin in the business. I think ultimately what should we expect going forward; it in part is as a result of some factors that are out of our control, part of it being how aggressive will the reinsurance market get from here and are they going to empower irresponsible behavior in the insurance space. So, I don’t really know to tell you the truth how orderly it will be, but we certainly at this stage don’t see anything in the marketplace that would lead us to believe that anything is going to fall off the table.
William Berkley: Yeah, well, the issue was stemming from our professional liability that we wrote out of the UK and a bit out of Europe. And to make a long story short, the issue was that the business performed less well than we had anticipated. In fact, it performed poorly. As it relates to going forward, as I suggested I think that we have done a reasonably rigorous examination of the portfolio, and while I can’t guarantee everything, I am very much inclined to believe that we have our arms around it and that we have taken the action that is required. So, is it possible that there could be some additional modest noise coming out over the next quarter or two? Yeah, of course it’s possible. But do I think that it would be anything to the extent that we saw in the fourth quarter? I would be both very disappointed and surprised.
William Berkley: I think the fact is that we have strong relationships with all the brokers. We have strong relationships with the ceding companies. And quite frankly, I think the quality of ceding companies that we have long-term relationships with, they both appreciate and respect our underwriting discipline and our relationships are alive and well. So from our perspective, we think the people that manage the reinsurance business are very capable, they know what they’re doing, and they’re doing just what we would want them to do.
William Berkley: I think the best way I could answer that because we generally speaking don’t make it a practice to get into the nooks and crannies of the coverage that we buy. I think that from our perspective, we believe that the average rate that we pay for reinsurance today is less than it was in the past. So, in other words, the premium that we are ceding may look similar to you, but as I think you were alluding to a moment ago, I don’t think you should assume that the coverage is one and the same.
William Berkley: We have lots of authorization and I never comment on why we buyback or don’t buyback or whatever. But we have lots of room on new authorization and it’s a constant judgment we make based on the price of the stock, use of capital. I mean one of the problems we face is we think we’re way over-capitalized but the rating agencies don't. So if you look at the history of our companies, we are more than generously capitalized because we don’t have the volatility of many of our competitors. But rating agencies look at average capital employed, and as everyone becomes more and more over-capitalized, the standard goes up. So we continue to search for opportunities and ways to return capital to our shareholders in an effective way that still meets all the guidelines the rating agencies require. And we’ll continue to do that, but to do the best job for our shareholders would not be to tell people how we do it or what we’re going to do.
William Berkley: I mean, all these contracts typically have a life of a few years, give or take around three years while there are some exceptions, and those are constantly being put out to bid and rolling on or rolling off.
William Berkley: And I haven’t yet talked to the - well, the King of Saudi Arabia hasn't told me his plans. Number two, they’re not really in oil sands per se. Their first fund where we met them was oil sands and that fund is almost fully paid out.
William Berkley: And their subsequent funds was in the Gulf of Africa, all over, several of them being very low-cost oil. But the fact is the oil prices is down 50%. They are the most brilliant people in the world; the value of what they got has gone down a lot.
William Berkley: The answer is, I don’t know. We do our best to be sure it reflects the fair market value of the securities or that they…
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Can you just take a ballpark around loss ratio points? Just trying to get a rough senses of how stanching it was…
Ian Gutterman: Okay, no problem. And then Bill, on the energy side, I was looking through some of the disclosures. I think your 10-K shows about $115 million in the energy funds. As I go through your Schedule D there is one private equity firm where you have multiple investments that add up to pretty close to that $150 million…
Ian Gutterman: Okay, and looks like that investment firm from what I see is based in Canada and a lot of their investments from what I understand are in Canadian oil sands. Is that accurate, and if so, how comfortable are you with that, given they seem to be sort of marginal capacity in the [indiscernible] you’re talking about trying to put them out of business.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, got it. And just from a - you mentioned obviously some pressure on Q1. I assume these are reported with the 1Q lag and - some of your investments are public, but for the privates how does - do you have a sense of how they mark those? I know a lot of time private equity markets tend to sort of lag…
