Rob Berkley: Thank you, Chantel, and good afternoon all. Thank you for joining us for our Q2 call. We have on the phone in addition to myself Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar format to what we've done in the past. Richard is going to lead us through a summary around the numbers and the performance in the quarter. I am then going to offer a couple of thoughts on the heels of his comments. And then, we'll be opening it up for questions. So with that, Rich if you want to get us started, please.
Rob Berkley: The way I would characterize is that there certainly was some benefit as a result of the slowdown. But please again understand that much of the difference in actual versus expected or thing or the reduction in frequency does not come through in our reported numbers. So you will see the impact on the auto physical damage front of fewer cars, trucks, et cetera on the road. But you're not going to see that on the auto liability. You will see that again on the property, but you're not going to see that on the comp or the GL et cetera. So in Rich's comments he referenced the one of the contributing factors was non-cat property. And it was, quite frankly, in my opinion, there are a couple of different reasons within the non-cat property that we have this result, one of them has to do with some re underwriting that we've been doing over some period of time. And that has come through.
Rob Berkley: So I would tell you that there are a couple of things at work here. First of all, I think we all have a sense that frequency for many product lines is down considerably given the environment. Number two, I think the other piece that should not go unnoticed is that the rate increases that we have been getting for some period of time now that are no longer just on a written basis, but are hitting our earned are meaningful. And I think if you look at our mix of business, which we disclose and lots of public information and you can get a bit of a glimpse into that in the release, I forget which page it is, but where we show the mix of business, you can see the different product lines and how much of our portfolio would fall under shorter tail products where that would be coming through in our P&L now versus longer tail that would be on a design loss ratio, where you would not see an impact of any consequence on a reported basis.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think clearly rates are notably lower now than they were after the financial crisis or the great recession or whatever you'd like to label it. They're extraordinarily low. In addition to that, we clearly have a Federal Reserve and counterparts around the world that seem very determined to manage interest rates for at least a moment, at least as long as they can. And finally, you got to remember that an insurance company, ultimately it takes time for that book yield to come down as the new money gets invested at lower rates. So from my perspective, I think we're hitting new lows as far as interest rates, and I think ultimately it will take a little bit of time, but we're starting to see the early stages of it actually having an impact where it's going to hit investment income but that takes time because it's the new money.
Rob Berkley: So the work that that we have done and obviously we're in a much better position to try and get our arms around it now than we were when we're talking to you give or take 90 days ago. But given the work we have done by and large, we are assuming that this is going to be more under control by call at the end of this year or early next year. And as far as the activity, again, there hasn't been a huge amount there's not a lot paid or for that matter in case reserves, the lion's share of it is just sitting there in IBNR and it's just our best estimates as to what we think the impact could be. From our perspective so far workers’ compensation has not proven to be a big issue and neither has casualty. The challenge has more been in the shorter tail lines. And probably some I don't have the numbers in front of me. But I would say that the biggest component of that is event cancellation.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So the way we think about it is that the opportunity to make sure that we have rate adequacy continues to be there. And you can see that in the rate that we are getting. We are an underwriting shop and rate adequacy is the be all and end all when we see it in certain product lines where the rate is not what we think it needs to be, i.e., in certain parts of the workers’ comp market we're prepared to let the business go with the understanding it'll be back someday when we find the rates to be more acceptable. The broad point that I was trying to suggest earlier in the call was, we are able to maintain our top line because we're seeing the flow of business coming into the specialty E&S market. We're able to maintain our top line because we are getting meaningful rate increases. And in spite of the challenges that everyone faces, including us, none of us are completely insulated from what's going on in the economy and society in general. Those factors are helping to offset those challenges. And in addition to that, if you subscribe as we do that this will be over time brought under control, a lot of the fundamentals will remain in place, the economy will recover and that is likely to bode very well for how this business could grow, in addition to that, what it may mean for margins.
Rob Berkley: We have looked at it so I appreciate the question and let me try and clarify. We look at our portfolio, we look at our exposures. We think about how it will be affected by COVID and that's how we came up with our number. So some of it is events or losses that have not even occurred, but the exposure is out there and we think that there is a possibility that there could be a loss associated with the exposure.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think, in some ways it is COVID related, and I think you're going to see it potentially in the professional liability space. An example of that would be with EPLI would be certainly one specific example. I think there is a reality that we have emboldened plaintiff bar. And we have an environment in society overall that is more empathetic for the moment to the plaintiff bar. And that is a reality, whether one likes it or not and the insurance industry needs to recognize that and adapt appropriately.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that we have an aggressive plaintiff bar. And as I think we may have touched on in the last call, certainly they have viewed business interruption as an opportunity. I think while perhaps it's a plaintiff-friendly environment overall, I don't think that judges are willing to just completely turn their back on the words in a contract or a policy which is why you have seen many of the rulings though it is still early come out suggesting that physical damage is required in order to trigger a business interruption. And in spite of the efforts so far to suggest the presence or possible presence of COVID-19 being physical damage, most of the judges that I'm aware of have not subscribed to that view.
Rob Berkley: Every 90 days, we look at our loss picks. And we looked at the data and we try and assess whether we feel as though we are in a good place. Our general philosophy is that we want to try and err a little bit on the side of caution recognizing all the unknowns and as those reserve season out we will tighten up that pick. We don't always get it right, but we certainly try and when we get it wrong, we're not shy about acknowledging it and trying to address it. So, as far as the specifics of what we're doing with our picks by product line that generally speaking is not something that that we get into at that level of granularity.
Rob Berkley: I think, one of the tricky parts is that, it really have things bottomed out as far as the recovery. If you talk to people in New York, they might say, yes. If you talk to people in Florida or Texas or Arizona or parts of California, I don't think that they would say yes. So, ultimately we in the New York area we had our experience hopefully we won't have another, but we should not lose sight of what the recent circumstances in other regions the country are facing and for that matter parts of the world. So, my opinion is that it would seem as we saw things looking better in June than they did in May and May was maybe less ugly than April. And certainly early returns for July were encouraging, but we'll have to see. So I'm a little bit guarded to suggest that things are recovering as far as the lead time, it can be a couple of months, yes.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So as far as what are we doing to protect ourselves, we are actively looking at our policy wordings and we are looking to make sure that the policy wording is appropriately addressed, things such as communicable disease and related types of exposures. There are some exposures where we're very focused on making sure that communicable disease is excluded. There are some situations where we use a much finer brush than that. But we've been actually been a bit surprised that the broader market has not been more active and trying to make sure that they are managing their exposure to communicable disease in general and in particular COVID. I think people were so consumed by what was going on with business interruption. They haven't thought through what does it mean for the liability market, both casualty as well as professional. And I think that that's something that the industry needs to be more actively grappling with because there is real exposure there to your point as things open backup. As far as what do we see happening with wordings, certainly we are seeing policy wordings tighten up, just the mere fact that business is making its way from the standard market to the specialty or the E&S market, I think is a leading indicator that policy wordings are tightening up and coverage that has been provided is contrasting a bit. So that, I hope I answered your question.
Rob Berkley: And again, I can't speak for others. I don't know that we have got in the portfolio. But for us, with the rate increases that we're getting today, we certainly think we're comfortably above our cost of capital. Based on my math, we are comfortably in the double-digit space as far as return goes. But there is no doubt, we need that rate. The comments that I made earlier about the impact of this low interest rate environment and what it means for investment income and what it means for the industry's economic model, that is real. And we are very focused on it.
Rob Berkley: Sorry. Josh, could you ask the second part of the question again? You broke up a little bit, I beg your pardon.
Rob Berkley: They had a particularly strong quarter. Part of it was some of their traditional activities, part of it has to do with some activities they participate in the rounding specs.
Rob Berkley: I honestly, I don't have that in front of me. But either Rich or Karen will make that available. We'll follow up with it if you don't mind.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Chantel, and thank you all for dialing in. Obviously challenging times and a fair amount of uncertainty, but hopefully from our discussion today, you have a sense for how the business is well-positioned. From our perspective, we are well-positioned in order to weather the circumstances that we're navigating through. Even more so, we are well-positioned to take advantage of the market when we come out of the other side of the tunnel. So, I think that is all for us. We will look forward to speaking with you in 90 days. Thank you, again, Chantel. Have a good night.
