Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. And obviously in addition to your usual comments little bit of complexity brought to us complements the FASB in the quarter. So Brian at this time if we could please is open it up for questions.
Rob Berkley: Yes honestly I think we try and steer clear of getting into granular detail as to where we see rates going up. I try to give you a broad sense so for example, workers’ compensation, I think, is generally speaking widely understood that state rating bureaus and the NCCI are moving rates down. And that’s impacting the product line pretty much across the Board. On the other, I think, commercial auto would be an example of where rates are going up in general. I don’t think it makes a lot of sense to start trying to get into the weighs much beyond that, but…
Rob Berkley: I think the answer is that we are comfortable with our loss picks. And we are looking to make sure that we achieve the required rate to support those loss picks. And to the extent there are certain parts of the book that will bear additional rates and we will be pursuing that. So there is not a policy that we will write a treaty that we write where we think it is not going to achieve our loss picks, but to the extent that there are parts of the market that will bear more we’re going to try and take advantage of that. I think that all of a sudden the tenure pops up and is floating with 3% and all of a sudden we go down to the boiler room and try and crank up the rates. Now it doesn’t work like that, at least it doesn’t work like that here. Do I and more importantly my colleagues have a view as to where inflation is growing, where loss cost is going and what our experience has been? And when we put that all into the sausage maker, what kind of rate do we need? Yes we have a view on that. In addition to that to the extent that the market will bear more than what even we think we technically need or our technical rate, then we will be looking to take advantage of that.
Rob Berkley: So my answer Amit to that question would be it is still a cyclical industry. And from our perspective the pendulum tends to swing back and forth in workers’ compensation as much as any part of this marketplace. There are many parts of the comp market where we think that there is healthy margins. We think we understand the margins that are available and depending on where the market is we will be opening the spigot or closing the spigot. So NCCI, they have a job to do their charge with making rates for several of the states and we understand that and we respect that. And we take the data that they provide the industry and other data that we have access to as well as our own and then we make judgments. So as I try to touch it I wasn’t clear. Clearly comp rates have peaked, but there are many markets within the broader comp market that we believe still offer attractive opportunities. How long those will last, it’s hard to say.
Rob Berkley: But we do not see it’s falling off a cliff. I think that you will – there is an opportunity that will certainly be measured in quarters.
Rob Berkley: Obviously we’ve discussed in the past it can be lumpy. And we have lots of things in the hopper or the pipeline, but from our perspective we think that that is still a reasonable size holder.
Rob Berkley: I think that sometimes people get a little bit hung up on a 90-day period, just because they have a calendar call. I think at this stage, we’re looking for rate in many process of the business. And our expectation is that it’s going to sort of flow between 2% and 4% if I were to speculate.
Rob Berkley: The answer is we expect that the margin should improve a bit from here. I know that it’s easier to calculate when you start trying to use rate increases, but I would tell you that the bigger opportunity for us is some of the adjustments that we’re actually making to the portfolio, overall certain classes of business that we are deemphasizing other parts of the business that we are expanding. And that on its own I think will have a meaningful impact on the financial results. And what we’re able to do on rate, I think will be helpful but that is secondary to the pivoting of the portfolio. And one of the plus is of our organization and you’ve heard us talked about it in the past probably forever my father is certainly talked about in the past as well. And that is because of our decentralized structure we’re able to be particularly nimble and take advantage of opportunities and actually get visibility into business at a very granular level and that’s helpful on those levels.
Rob Berkley: Well. I think we – certainly our view that it’s not unmanageable, hopefully it’s your view as well. And as far as opportunity for efficiencies that that is something that we as an organization, pay close attention to. We’re very sensitive to on one hand ensuring that what looks good on a whiteboard and the opportunity to combine or centralize like other carriers do that may have value. At the same time, we do not want that to overshadow quite frankly our ability to be local and to be responsive to the marketplace and for the people that are close to the distribution and the customer to have authority. So it is certainly something that we have been looking at we continue to actively look at. But I don’t think that you’re going to see us overnight, turn into a model that you may see a typical national carrier, operate with. At the same time we are conscious of the costs and we are willing to consider opportunities for efficiency.
Rob Berkley: Let’s hear from our perspective when we – some, I don’t know it was a year ago, 18 months ago or nine months ago. But we for some period of time have been beating the drum that we are seeing early evidence that there is inflation coming out of the legal system in the rulings or the awards. And we are just seeing inflation quite frankly and traffic – a little bit of a spike of severity and maybe a frequency if you will severity as well. So we are paying close attention to that. And obviously on the other front, we all understand what’s going on with just general economic inflation and there is an impact on the industry and the cost of selling claims in the future.
Rob Berkley: Well. Basically every state has a rating barrel. So as far as writing primary comp if you will, there is if you will a framework that is prescribe by a rating barrel that works in collaboration if you like will be insurance department and other stakeholders.
Rob Berkley: Yes. I think it’s pretty widely understood that medical inflation has been here and really for an extended period of time. I think as far as comp goes really since the financial crisis, people have been particularly surprised with the trend around frequency. And that is persisted or continued until recently whether it continues going forward. I think there are a lot of questions around that particularly in a tight labor market, when you get people working overtime to get people taking jobs that they’re not as well trained for, oftentimes that’s when people get injured on the job. So we’ll have to see that frequency trends continued.
Rob Berkley: I think ultimately if you see the 10-year as the benchmark moving up to 4% plus, you’re probably going to see our colleagues actively thinking about it. This is the moment to start looking a little bit longer-term. But the duration of our liabilities is roughly four years. They’ve created a collar for – we’ve created a collar for ourselves that we’re generally speaking. While there is an occasional exception, not going to be more than a year less than that or a year longer than that. But the interest rates have been pretty low for a long time as you seeing rough, as we expect they’re going to move up. You’re going to see of take the position that we’re willing to extend duration.
Rob Berkley: It really depends on the part of the business both Rich and I commented on the challenges in the reinsurance segment for example.
Rob Berkley: I think the overall segment was down 22 – 220%. I think the domestic 3D reinsurance operation is down more than 40% in the quarter. So we have 53 operating units, some are growing, some are shrinking at any moment in time. Some are gaining rate, some are quite frankly willing to give up rate. So there are a lot of moving pieces. Overall I would tell you that between what we’re doing with the portfolio for as repositioning it shedding some business building at other areas and achieving overall rates. From our perspective, our math both at a micro level as well as a macro level we – our margin is improving.
Rob Berkley: And that’s up a little bit, but 3 points or so and a lot of that quite frankly had to do with claims stemming from the third quarter in particular, as well as other property claims. For us just to – since you gave me the wind I’m going to take it. For us, the claims are – nobody likes claims at the same time from our perspective, it creates a great opportunity and we go out of our way, our colleagues in the famous areas or departments go out of their way to try and get people their money in a timely way. So we’re really pushed that up, certainly some claims from the third quarter, but also some of the claims that occurred during the first quarter associated with some of the cats and some of the what I – as Rich defined the non-cat weather related property losses.
Rob Berkley: Well I’ll give you my two sense and then I’ll hand it over to my boss. My two sense is that there’s been a fair amount of consolidation. I think there are parts of the insurance marketplace that are viewed as particularly attractive. And some of those more attractive areas, there’s less and less real estate available if you like. And we’ll have to see what unfolds, but from our perspective consolidation creates opportunity for us as an organization not just to attract talent, but also to attract relationships and insured, because our ability to provide predictability, continuity and consistency to the marketplace is perhaps very meaningful, even more meaningful and other organizations are disrupted or distracted by internal activity.
Rob Berkley: We have some visibility into that, but generally speaking we don’t get into a lot of details of – part of that, the piece of the funds that historically is given as a fair amount of volatility would be some of the energy related funds. And again I think that’s sort of flattish from where it’s been or neutral. But again, if you’d like to more detail that suggests that you reach out to Chairman, so he will give you as much color is the law allows.
Rob Berkley: Yeah, at this stage we’re in three states and we expect that we are going to be in a – our expectation, our plan is that we will be in another eight states by the end of the year. The reality is we can run as fast as we like, but we can only make insurance departments moving fast as they want to move. So we will be prepared, it is a matter of whether the insurance departments move at what type of pace. But our colleagues that are running that part of the business are successfully managing the heavy left of building this platform out. And I think our building healthy and constructive relationships with the insurance departments. And again, I don’t know if it will be eight or not, but it will be considerably more than the three that we’re currently in.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Brian and thank you all for your time today. Again, from our perspective, very solid quarter, I think some of the news that you’re hearing from others would suggest that our approach to managing volatility particularly around the property lines are able to demonstrate that again. Looking forward, we see quite a bit of opportunity, obviously we can’t control the market, but we can control what we do and many of the parts of the market that we have a meaningful presence and we think are providing significant opportunity. The growth that you saw in the insurance segment, quite frankly is what we have alluded to in the fourth quarter and I think there’s a better than average chance as we make our way through 2018, there will be more growth coming out of the insurance segment. And on the other hand, the reinsurance market, which is at least parts of it showing signs of bottoming out and maybe some green shoots we remain with a dry powder ready to work with Stevens when the opportunities present themselves. So again thank you for your time and we will talk to you in 90 days.
Amit Kumar: Yes two questions. The first question is for you Rob, you broadly covered the trends in the marketplace. I think what would be helpful is it would be possible to maybe just go a bit deeper into some of the pricing trends you might have seen in the insurance sub segments.
Amit Kumar: I guess what I was trying to understand was obviously there’s a lot of debate on the trajectory of rates and I guess the slope of the rate change. And that’s what I was trying to understand if you look at the trajectory in Q1 versus Q4. If I was to take the trajectory and overlay that with the comment you guys made in the letter to shareholders. Is there a greater urgency based on the change in the tenure, or is this a much longer term process? I guess that’s what trying to – always trying to better ascertain.
Amit Kumar: Yes, okay. That’s actually a good point. I will stop here. Thanks for the answers and good luck in the future.
Rich Baio: It just impacts cooperate. So when we were at one point reporting operating earnings you may recall that we had adjusted for those net performance compensation related item and now that we don’t support operating earnings because we’re managing on a total return basis. We wanted to make certain that the Street was still calculating things factoring that in. So you’ll see there’s $4 million associated with that.
Rich Baio: It was in different pockets of the book. And again we don’t generally get into the details of where we’re getting rate by product line or by operating units. But I would tell you that, if you think back to some of the comments I made about where there are opportunities in the marketplace. That’s a pretty good indicator as to where we’re seeing rate.
Rich Baio: I think one of the trickiest things with some of these numbers is the way we presented in the release. We’re showing first quarter versus first quarter, which – it’s is not – that’s not relevant, it is relevant, but some of the things we probably should give you a reminder is with the fourth quarter look like as well.
Kai Pan: That’s great. I think you mentioned, but sort of one of competitive advantage, W. R. Berkley has been the decentralized structure. I’m wondering like because when the company as a sort of like many years ago when you have a several start of companies and now you have more than 50. I just wondered, are you coming to the point you have to centralize somehow like in terms of infrastructure or like or it becoming unmanageable.
Kai Pan: That’s great. My last question on the investment side and looks like you’ve been guiding $100 million each year realized gains, but you did more than not in a quarter as well as for the last couple of years as well. Maybe question for Bill, you said market condition like you guys feel like more opportunity to harvest the gains and you said so that we would assume more to come.
Kai Pan: Thanks. And lastly just follow-up on Ian’s question in a different sort of direction. Are you reinsurance business, if that’s 10% overall premiums and the combined ratio have been above 100% for the last couple years. So if you step back, would you think the strategic value of the business to overall W. R. Berkley? And do you – have you think – thought about sort of either divesting or scale up that business.
Bill Berkley: I think that we told people $25 million a quarter, because they wanted a number to put in their model. And we felt comfortable giving that number out with a fairly high degree of conviction. And yes, you’re correct. This is an opportunity for us to harvest some gains include environment and we would expect that will continue for a while. $25 million was a placeholder to let people use models to forecast our results. Yes, we had more than that in the first quarter and I would expect that while we might have more or less in the second quarter or the third quarter. We’ll have more than $100 million by a significant amount. We would expect by the end of the year. But again it’s meant as a placeholder, so people can come up with the forecast, but it would be disappointing if this year we do substantially more.
Bill Berkley: I think by the best thing to do is of course we just don’t really talk about reserve development by the segment. And if you want to give Karen a call off line and she can try and give you a little bit more color, but for the most part, we try not to sort of getting to that level of weeds or detail on the call.
Bill Berkley: I think that – I would add that quality and culture really determine an insurance company success, all things being equal that you have the financial capacity to meet your obligations. Just as we were more than happy to pair claims, as rapidly as we were reasonably able to, because we thought that’s why people buy insurance. We wouldn’t want to do anything that would have an adverse impact on the culture of the quality of our enterprise. And while we look at many opportunities, it’s hard to find things that we think would be a good and useful way to spend our capital that would approach the value of returning it to our shareholders. There’s lots of things in the marketplace. There are many companies that are out there for ways to find new homes. And we look at most of them. And it’s just hard to find things, we think are additive and create value for our shareholders.
Bill Berkley: I think that pre-tax reform, post-tax reform, there are some businesses that are trying to look long and hard in the mirror. And evaluate what is their business model. What is their offering? What is their value added. What is the differentiator? I think there are some businesses that were formed and set out to be in one part of the market that got tough and they thought it would just be easy to get involved in another part of the market. And I think it’s proven to be disappointing and frustrating for them that may be not quite so easy. And as a result of not being able to find a greener pasture, I think they’re being forced to grapple with what should their future be.
Unidentified Analyst: You mentioned or you started out your remarks saying an inflation that’s here. Maybe you can talk about trends or anything you’re seeing in the corporate liability arena. I’m a novice, but there’s been a securities litigation decision by the U.S. Supreme Court to keeps flashing across my screen is just one example.
Unidentified Analyst: No. You see lot of headlines come out all the time. And some of them talk about they are not being inflation in that line. That’s why they’re even lowering the rates have always been a little confused. I think other people…
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And if I could sneak one last one in on the duration of the investment portfolio on the fixed income side. I look back a number of years and it doesn’t seem like it’s ever been much over that in the threes. I guess what would get you to increase duration, it would just be simply spreads coming out a lot or any changes in place.
Ian Gutterman: That’s right, guys. I just want to make sure. So with exposure which I assume is growing. You’re kind of getting apples to apples call at mid-single digits gross and yet the net premium growth all in is 1%. So are you is retention coming down? Is new business coming down? I’m just sort of wondering what the offset is.
Ian Gutterman: For sure, for sure, okay. So moving on just to get back to reinsurance just I mean I understand the challenges there and shrinking makes a lot of sense. I’m just wondering as far as the numbers in the quarter you triple 107 combined with a very minimal amount of cats. I know you don’t like to talk about reserve development by segment until the queue, but if that can answer this way. Is it reasonable to think there is maybe five or ten points of adverse development or something maybe a little bit of a larger than normal and that’s why we’re seeing that combined ratio there.
Ian Gutterman: ` Got it. And then if I can ask just one broader question that I don’t think came up yet, it was since the last call, we’ve seen sort of another wave of M&A in the sector. I was just wondering if you had maybe thoughts you’d like to share or just observations about, what it means and are we in for another wave and how does that affect Berkeley either possibly, negatively or neutral.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Do you have any – do you view that as coincidence or not that, we seen a pick up an offshore sales since the tax law past.
