William Berkley: Nothing is every one shot, everything in life is continuous. Yeah, you know, when you get married, how do they say, the ring is continuous, everything in life is the same way. I think that, you know, one of the things we pay attention to is our premiums to surplus and premium surplus continues to go down as our portfolio continues to do better. As I mentioned, we have very substantial unrealized gains in our private equity portfolio that are not reflected, that we expect to occur this year that isn’t something that was in our calculations. So I think that money, that gain is something we may well use to buy back stock or we may instead decide to examine repurchasing our preferred. You know, I think it’s a continuing process. We don’t reach the conclusion until the moment of do we want to sell the stock now, we would probably make that decision this afternoon.  But you know, the fact is that it’s opportunistic. As you know well, we try and run the business we think will get the best return to our shareholder and if we found an opportunity, we would take advantage of it. But the reality is, our capital account has grown pretty significantly and our (riding) surplus are going down. So there’s – there’s plenty of opportunity to balance all that out. So this was only $15 million, it was not a, you know, a huge amount. Amit Kumar – Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. Thanks. And don’t buy a crop entity, thanks for answers. 
William Berkley: Well what I was trying – the explanation you’re talking about was when I tried to explain to people how earned premium comes in. In other words, an increase in price comes in from an accounting point of view, accountants will probably argue with me, but let’s just say 12.5% in the quarter. You write the business, 25/25/25 and 12.5 in the fourth quarter and so price increases come in later on. So in fact, here’s the second quarter, we’re getting price increases from the second quarter of last year, the third quarter, the fourth quarter, the first quarter and the second quarter. So as you move out, by the fourth quarter you’ll get 100% of the pricing increases from the first, second and the third quarter. You will get 12.5% of those price increases will be earned from the first quarter and 12.5 in the fourth quarter whereas in this quarter, give or take, it’s going to be 4%. And if you said you’ll be at 8% by the fourth quarter, you’ll probably have 7% give or take in the fourth quarter of improvement in the earned premium. So it’s backend loaded assuming price increases are tending as they are. Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: Right, okay. And then I guess maybe perhaps just to clarify because I’m – so really, what we should be expecting is material margin improvement on an accident year ex-cap basis starting 3Q, 4Q? I mean, you’re showing it now, it’s just the year over years are going to be looking – we’re going to be getting hundreds of basis points of improvement starting now? I’m sorry, starting third quarter. 
William Berkley: Well, you’re choosing hundreds, the answer is I think that we would expect – I couldn’t persuade my accounting people to give me specifics, they were so difficult to deal with then. But the answer is, if you said that you’ll get 2.5 to 3.5% improvement in dollars of our earned premium over loss cost by the fourth quarter, that would be a reasonable assumption. Gregory W. Locraft – Morgan Stanley: That’s very helpful. Thank you. 
William Berkley: I'm sorry, it’s not clear, could you…Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Hi, sorry. Yeah, now can you hear me? Okay, great. 
William Berkley: Because we had more pessimistic people and they were more overwhelming and I didn’t fight as hard as I should have. So you know, they were more cautious, but the answer is, you’re trying – and I understand why, we’re trying to split hairs on whether it was 3 or 4 and we look at it every quarter, where we think loss cost trends, and honestly, the economy being a little slower than we thought will end up having us review loss cost trends and me may end up saying, hey, well, we’re a little cautious so we may go from 4 to 3 or from 3.75 to 3. Okay? So it’s a continuing process. So that optimism is not just in price increase or the rate of adoption and speed of price, it’s also in expectation of loss costs. Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners, Inc.: [Inaudible]. 
William Berkley: Yes. Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners, Inc.: Okay. And then one final thing on the alternative. You mentioned that [inaudible] bought 100 million of … 
William Berkley: No, I said at least 100 million. Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners, Inc.: Sure. Do you expect that to be released or sold in the second half of this year or is that just going to remain in sort of unrealized and not appear in the income… 
William Berkley: We would expect it’s going to – at least some significant part of that is going to happen this year. Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners, Inc.: Okay, that’s good. Thank you. 
William Berkley: I was trying to explain to people that as the economy is under sort of more pressure, this is just not a smooth world. We're not independent of the rest of the world. Prices are still going up. Nothing has fundamentally changed.  However, we don’t really see an acceleration quite as quickly as we thought before. We still think by the end of the year, we'll be at that 89%. If you would have asked me where we would have been in the second quarter, I would have said 6.5 to 7. We were at 6, so it was just slower than I thought. The psychology just isn't as powerful as I'd like it to be. But no directional change. You know, it's one month, people get depressed and feel pessimistic. Honestly, I think we're pretty much past that at the moment. And I think you're starting to see a little bit more positive attitude. Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.: All right, thank you, and just trying to understand a couple things too, and maybe this isn't right. But as I understand it probably the U.S. instead of outside particularly in casualty, and your international business has been growing I'm sure as you added folks and are writing new types of business. But just trying to understand kind of growth in international. And then on the flip side regional, which as I understand is mostly U.S. has been growing slower than the rate change that you've been talking about for the last few quarters. So just trying to understand maybe the dichotomy is not the right word, but just trying to understand maybe the tradeoff between those two. Thanks.
William Berkley: I think that the loss ratio will have a bigger impact by the fourth quarter. I think by the time you get to next year, you will start to see a real benefit from the premium. We are also you have to remember the constant balancing of what kinds of re-insurance you buy and how that impacts back to expense ratio. It's pretty significant. So I think there's a lot of moving parts that are in there.Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.: Great, thank you very much for your answers.
William Berkley: No, our liability ratio is basically unchanged. It's about four years. Our assets are about three and a half give or take.Robert Farnam – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Right, okay, thank you.
William Berkley: Okay, I think the one thing I want to remind people, which I think is so important as times are changing cycles, probably those people that followed our stock for a long time remember me talking about it in 2003, 2004, and on. And that is paid losses are the only thing no one can fool with. Paid losses are a certainty. They can vary quarter to quarter with storms and with other things. But if you look at paid losses to encourage premiums or better yet paid losses to earned premium including loss adjustment expense, that trend is a really good indicator for what our company is doing.  I would urge you to keep track of that for all the companies you follow, us included. You can't hide from paid losses. There's no except for. There's no maybes. It's a great comparator to see how companies are doing. Simple number, define number. I thank all of you. We are really excited. We think the business is great right now. And we're very pleased.
