Rob Berkley: David, thank you very much and thank you all for dialing into our third quarter call. Similar to the past, we also have Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman, on the call on our end; as well as Rich Baio, CFO and Executive Vice President. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past. We're going to ask Rich to start off with some of his thoughts and highlights from the quarter. And then I will follow with a few comments and then we will be opening it up for Q&A. Rich, if you could please.
Rob Berkley: Well, it certainly is our goal to be able to push through 30%, but I think that the big opportunity there is yes, efficiency, but even more so scale. One of the things that you need to remember is that or keep in mind is that the vast majority of the businesses in this group are businesses that have started from scratch and oftentimes because they operate with such outstanding underwriting discipline, once they get started, they may not be able to achieve scale. But as you come into market conditions that allow you to scale, that allows you to leverage those fixed expenses. So long story short, I think the improvements that we are seeing on the expense ratio putting aside those that are related to COVID on the T&E front, I think those are real and we are very focused on not just maintaining them but continuing to build upon them.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the position that we're taking is that it would be premature to reach a conclusion. There may be, if you look at our mix of business, the vast majority of what we do has some tail to it. So, again it's a very modest amount of our short-tail business, very short-tail business that we would be willing to reach a conclusion on. So from our perspective, we need to take a wait and see attitude to make sure that this is not just a temporary phenomenon where things will swing back and then some. And as we've been talking about even pre-COVID, we're sensitive to social inflation. So, I think we are being thoughtful and measured. And I think over time, we will get more clarity and obviously once that becomes available, that will be shared with you and others.
Rob Berkley: Yes, well we’ll share the observation, and I would tell you that it is a deliberate decision. We do have a view as to what the threshold is of short-term pain that we are prepared to live with in order to make sure that we preserve the long-term optionality. And at this stage, it's something that we grapple with every day, but from our perspective, if you think about specifically the fixed income portfolio, the price that we are paying to maintain the position we are in is not inconsequential, but it pales in comparison to the cost if you see rates move up a relatively modest sum and what that would mean for book value.
Rob Berkley: I think that the world is awash in capital, and there is a lot of money chasing a certain number of opportunities, and I think you see that in virtually every asset class. Fortunately, for us as an organization, we have some very capable people that manage the investment portfolio and in spite of how challenging the environment is we continue to find opportunities for the shareholders. That having been said, sometimes it's lumpy; and that having been said, sometimes maybe you look a little bit foolish today, but maybe you don't look so foolish down the road. And that is a reality that we've had to accept both on the underwriting side, and we're prepared to accept on the investment side of the business too. Again, we are focused on risk adjusted return and we do not run the business just for the next quarter.
Rob Berkley: So, I don't have a scale or a perfect barometer to be able to point you towards. What I can tell you is that we look at a very granular level by operating in the group, by product line, by year on a very regular basis, and we think about the risks, we think about the visibility, and we think about how we view the margins. So, I would tell you that with every passing day, we have more visibility. But we are not going to declare victory prematurely. We still need to see these things seasonally. The average duration of our reserves is give or take, around four years and there is a lot of distance between the time that you cite the policy and the time where you have clarity around the outcome. So in addition to that, there is a lot of uncertainty as you pointed out, and I agree with in the world and again, we are just taking it one step at a time. At the same time, as I suggested it in, I think you picked up on, if things play out as they would appear to at first blush at this stage it is there is a possibility that there is more margin in the business and is coming through in our financial statements at this time, but again there is a lot of distance between here and when we have clarity. But every day we have a bit more.
Rob Berkley: No, I don't think you should expect that one day there will all of a sudden be a dam that breaks. We respond to the information incrementally as it becomes available. So from my perspective, there is a growing amount of evidence that you will see our picks coming down both in the prior year and the current year, possibly in the future. But again, we are not going to go too early.
Rob Berkley: Generally speaking, the number that we put up for COVID, we remain comfortable with. But just as a reminder, we contemplated that things would be getting resolved, give or take by the end of the year to the extent that things are not getting resolved. Then we'll have to see what actions we may need to take along those lines. But as far as specifics, there are certain pockets where things have proven to be more challenging and there are certain pockets where they've proven to be less challenging.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that we have a view that we are not in business – issue insurance policies as my boss says we're in business to make money. And you can see from Rich's comments which highlighted the byline growth or not there are certain parts of the portfolio that are growing and growing considerably and there is one part of the portfolio that being workers' compensation that is shrinking notably. We look to deploy capital where we think the margins are and we are prepared to shrink the business where we think we can make an appropriate risk adjusted return. So workers' compensation rates have been coming down for a few years and at some point, they get to a level where we say we're done. And as you can see that our workers' comp product line has been shrinking considerably, both for the quarter and year-to-date. So there are other parts of the business where we like the margins a lot and we are benefiting from available rate increases in the marketplace and we are growing that part of the business considerably. And I think you should expect us to continue to do that and if the economy opens up a bit, you're going to see the growth rate go from high single digits to something considerably above that.
Rob Berkley: Look, I think if it turns out that we grossly mis-assessed our loss cost, then it would prove that maybe we have an issue, but as I suggested from my perspective and again, I don't have perfect clarity, but the data points that I look at would suggest that there is good reason to believe given the rates that we are achieving that margins are improving and will continue to because you got to remember the rate increases that are coming through on an earned basis continue to trail the higher rate increases that we are getting on a written basis. And I think by anyone's measure, the rate increases that we are and have been getting for an extended period of time in all likelihood will prove to outpace almost anyone's assumption of loss cost trend.
Rob Berkley: So as far as the value that we carried out, if you want to give Karen or Rich a call, they can point you toward our statutory statements and where that is public information. As far as just our view about really any particular piece of real estate, the real estate portfolio in general, the alternative portfolio and the portfolio overall, we have a pretty good size investment portfolio and that's the vast majority of what's in it is something that is available to be purchased if the price is right. So again, from our perspective that's really how we think about all of the assets that belongs to the shareholders.
Rob Berkley: I think as we've commented in the past, we think that the Group's stated book value is understated and a lot of that we can thank the accountant for, but the fact of the matter is that our view is that we have a lot of assets that are on the book that are worth more than they are carried at. And just generally speaking, we don't get into specific conversations about a specific asset as to what it's worth or anything else around it.
Rob Berkley: If I can just – sorry, just to add onto Richard's comments so as he just highlighted. So the aggregate number didn't change at this stage we just shifted from one bucket to another.
Rob Berkley: From our perspective, we are seeing – from our perspective we are taking a wait and see attitude, both on the current year and the prior years as well by and large.
Rob Berkley: We are very sensitive to the – as we've discussed social inflation and the legal environment and we think that there is a lot of uncertainty around that. So the more recent past that we've seen these rate increases that are significantly outpacing loss cost trend in our market.
Rob Berkley: Not from our perspective, I think for many quarters at this stage it – we think it is more likely than not that we are outpacing loss cost trend by several hundred basis points.
Rob Berkley: So the answer is both. And what I mean by that is we have a view as to what is an acceptable loss ratio, which really stems from an acceptable risk adjusted return. And obviously that that the market doesn't just flip one to another overnight. It's a gradual erosion or a gradual acceleration typically, that is sometimes faster than others. So but when we will look at the workers comp market, we've observed it getting more and more competitive for not just some number of quarters, a few years now. And at some point that reaches the point that you say, I'm not willing to pay anymore. Same thing has happened with other product lines. There was a moment in time I think just going back a couple of years where we took that position with commercial auto. And again, that's why you see comp shrinking the way it has been this year. I expect that it is likely and certainly hoping that next year, you will start to see the workers' comp market generally speaking bottom out and start to move back in the other direction. So one of the things that has changed at least over the time that I've been working in the industry is once upon a time, by and large, at least in the commercial line space the marketplace across product lines marched somewhat in lockstep. I think the fundamentals of a cyclical business is still alive and well in the commercial lines marketplace but major product lines do not march in lockstep anymore and I would suggest that workers comp would be perhaps an example of that today.
Rob Berkley: Well, the good news is that our lead political expertise in the Group is on the call as well. So I'm going to turn it over to him for that.
Rob Berkley: So clearly, we continue to be impacted Brian, the broader economic circumstances both we faced domestically, as well as outside of the U.S., so I would tell you, the third quarter was a lot easier than the second quarter by quite a margin. Policy count is less where the story is and it's more about insurance businesses just see they are having shrunk and we can see that in the initial premium estimates as well as the other premiums. So is there an impact on policy count? Yes, but it's very, very modest. It's more just about the scale and as a reminder, putting comp aside on the payroll, a lot of what we insurer is off of receipts or revenue.
Rob Berkley: Yes. Absolutely. I mean, my expectation is, assuming that the economy is able to open up even at a gradual pace; you are going to see that have a meaningful impact on our topline.
Rob Berkley: So the answer is that we are actively discussing it internally and our colleagues that run the operating units are very focused on it. And at the same time, from our perspective while we are pleased with the savings over the 50 basis points to 60 basis points in the scheme of how we are going to capitalize on the opportunities in front of us, we care about that, but that's not where the leverage is.
Rob Berkley: Well look, clearly each state has its own rating bureaus by and large, and in some cases you have insurance commissioners that are more involved and in other states insurance commissioners that are less involved. From our perspective, the workers' comp marketplace is not sort of one and the same, to your point, as shared with you that it varies quite a bit by region and undoubtedly, there are certain parts of the market where we've gotten to the point where we are not satisfied with the margins. And we are prepared to let the business go away, and there are other parts of the marketplace or other territories where in spite of the reduction in rate, we still think that the margins are acceptable. But clearly, it does to your point vary by territory and even within a certain territory; it varies by exposure within that territory.
Rob Berkley: We don't leave any states just to be clear, Josh, I'm sorry, I should have been more clear before. We are in the market every day at a rate that we think is appropriate for the risk that we're taking on. And the market moves away from us and sometimes not sometimes and then oftentimes as people change their appetite, the market will move back to us, the cyclical nature of the business. But I wouldn't want you to think for a second that we would drop from markets, we actually are focused on being responsible, so we can offer continuity to the marketplace, as opposed to being irresponsible and then having to respond in a irrational manner.
Rob Berkley: Well, that advisor is still here and I think he has strong views on the topic. So I'm not going to get in the way of that.
Rob Berkley: Okay, David, thank you very much for hosting us and thank you all for calling in. Hopefully you come away from the call recognizing at least what we were suggesting that when we look out ahead, it's very encouraging. We think there is opportunity for margins to improve from here. We think there is opportunity for growth. And I think there is a clear line from where we are to that happening. So thank you again, and we will talk to you in 90 days.
Rich Baio: Yes, I am absolutely. So the effective tax rate is elevated from where we have seen that historically in the quarter. It was about little over 26%. And that really was attributable to where the losses that are emerging with regards to COVID-19 and to that extent, our ability to utilize the losses currently or not. And at this point in time, we've taken a conservative position with regards to not recognizing a tax benefit with regards to those losses in the foreign jurisdiction. But we do plan to recognize though is, at some point even if we need to put in place some planning strategies.
Rich Baio: Sure. Absolutely. So when we established our COVID-19 reserves, we had established IBNR as you can imagine and anticipated where we thought that IBNR would emerge as a result of further information coming through in the third quarter, we concluded that that some of the IBNR that we had allocated to the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment would need to be reclassified to the Insurance segment. And as a result of that that's what's giving rise to a small amount of negative catastrophe losses in the third quarter.
Rich Baio: No, it was a negative. The U.S. dollar – yes, the U.S. dollar weakened on a relative basis to a number of currencies in the quarter.
