Rob Berkley: Susanne, thank you very much, and good afternoon everyone and again welcome to our Q2 call. Along with me co-hosting, we’ve our Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley; as well as Rich Baio, Group CFO. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past where in a moment or two I’m going to hand it over to Rich to walk us through the quarter and focus our attention on a few highlights. And once he is through, I’m going to offer a few sound bites and then we will open up for Q&A. Rich, so if you please.
Rob Berkley: So we are constantly visiting and revisiting our last picks and trying to refine them based on all the available information at any moment in time. I think from our perspective, it's pretty apparent that there is more financial inflation in the system today, if you will, than there was a year-ago. And as we think about our loss costs, for example, in the property line, the costs of building materials, or the cost of auto parts or other things like that, one need to appropriately factor in the financial inflation and what that means and how that impacts.
Rob Berkley: Generally speaking, at least we don't dissect that our loss picks to that extent. But certainly, I can assure you that when we have factored it in, it has led us to raise some of our picks from what we have been using in the past.
Rob Berkley: Sure. So what I would suggest you do is if you sort of add back in the 50 basis points for COVID, then you look at the momentum behind our earned premium in part by looking at our written and how that's going to come through. And while, yes, some of that expense is variable, commissions, boards, bureaus and so on, a meaningful amount of our expenses is somewhat fixed. And to Richard's point earlier, I think that that will certainly offset and probably then some the COVID component not being part of the business, hopefully going forward because everyone is back to a more traditional way of operating.
Rob Berkley: Certainly all of us, we, as a team took note of the impact of COVID on multiple levels, some of it to that was helpful, some of it was not helpful. But it's by the big piece that perhaps you're referring to, is frequency trend, and there were many product lines that benefited from COVID as it relates to frequency. And how we have thought about it, first off, we recognize that is not the new normal, and we're seeing frequency trend virtually across the board returning to a more traditional norm. And second of all, as far as what I would define is a unique situation in 2020 and some one-time benefits that came up out on the frequency assumption. We have recognized some of that but, I think, as we mentioned last quarter, we're reluctant to declare an outcome Prematurely because there are certain things you can include that they're done. And there are other things, it's hard to know whether there's just a pinch point in the legal system, for example, and there will be a catch up.
Rob Berkley: I think that different organizations have chosen to recognize that cushion at a different pace. I think a lot of that cushion came through primarily in the shorter tail lines, which would have been recognized sooner rather than later. And fundamentally, I think a lot of the drivers that are pushing this market to continue to firm are coming about as a result of other things.
Rob Berkley: So I don’t see that cushion is going to impact the direction or the momentum that exists. Thanks for the question.
Rob Berkley: From our perspective, again, nobody knows exactly what tomorrow will bring, or there's always the unforeseen event. But when we look at the data points, you can see rates continuing to outpace our view on trends by and large. In addition to that, when you do the math, one needs to factor in the impact of terms and conditions, particularly in the E&S space as well as on the facultative [ph] front and even into this broader specialty space. So, when I think about it, I think that there's further opportunity from here for things to improve. And again, we have a view that our rate increases on a written basis and an on an earned basis will continue for some period of time outpacing trend.
Rob Berkley: Yes, so at the heart of our model, it's not an us and them so to speak. A model is much more of a collaborative one. So things such as loss pick using that as an example, that is certainly something that is a collaborative effort amongst really driven very much by the colleagues in the field at the same time, it is collaborative with us here. And we work together and we try and make sure that we're looking at it, if you will, a more local granular level. At the same time, we want to make sure that we're getting the benefit of the broader view of the group and beyond. So it's not one or the other. It is really a team effort from my perspective, and there's what I would define as a very healthy give and take.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the answer to the question, and again, we're happy to get into a more granular discussion with you offline is that we are looking at our picks. And we're looking at the historical data and we are looking at low frequency and we're looking at severity, and we're trying to adjust appropriately. I think we tend to be particularly cautious early on out of the gates. And then of course, as it seasons, we will respond. But again, I don't have the [indiscernible] in front of me, so I'd be reluctant to try and get into a more granular discussion. But if you'd like to take it up offline, we would be pleased to do that with you or one of your colleagues, whatever would be most convenient for you all.
Rob Berkley: I think if we take it one day at a time, we have some extraordinarily skilled colleagues that run that business and we have no shortage of cash as you would see from our balance sheet. So while it's been pretty steady, if they see more opportunity, we are certainly in our position to provide them more capital to manage.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think obviously, we're in an industry where the -- you price your product before you fully know your cost of goods sold. And when we're thinking about the impacts of financial inflation, and what that may mean for our claims costs in the future, we're trying to make sure that we appropriately factor that in. I think if you're like me and you show up at Home Depot once a month, you'll notice that a lot of the stuff you buy there is considerably more expensive than it was a year-ago. So we're just trying to make sure that we are appropriately adjusting for the shift in a lot of commodity pricing and the shift in a lot of costs that would come about with claims.
Rob Berkley: Not as visibly if the shorter-tail lines is using a pretty broad brush, I would -- we will have to see the impact over time. Obviously, there can be an impact on things -- on certain things, but for us on the liability side, it tends to continue to be more of a social inflation discussion.
Rob Berkley: I think generally speaking, there is wage inflation throughout the country, and there's likely to be more of that for at least the short-term. We'll have to see what it means over time.
Rob Berkley: I think that it is going to prove over time that the margin in the business that we're writing is very attractive.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for raising that, Brian. I may have mischaracterized it or misspoke. Actually it's the other way around. So when as you've had to listen to us wine for the past several quarters about the workers' comp line and how even though frequency may be the industry's friend and certainly it was the industry's friend during COVID, we continue to be focused on the severity component and we are meaningfully concerned about that for the industry, which has led to some of the commentary you heard. When you come up with a loss pick for workers' comp, obviously, there are a variety of components. One of the components is the medical trend assumption that you're using. So when you think about a -- the exposure, you make certain assumptions around payrolls. And to the extent that payroll or wage inflation is driving payrolls up more, and perhaps medical inflation is going up, but not going up by as -- or is not keeping up with the wage inflation, that could inert to the benefit of the margin.
Rob Berkley: There is nothing that leads us to believe -- let's put workers comp aside for the moment. There is nothing that leads us to believe that the opportunities in virtually every other product line are not very meaningful today, and will be very meaningful tomorrow. We continue to see the opportunity to push rates further and quite frankly, we're seeing the standard market continue to push business out creating opportunity for the specialty market. So we remain very encouraged by and large, as it relates to the opportunities. And no, we do not think that this marketplace has peaked in any way, shape, or form quite to the contract. Workers' comp, again, being the one outlier. Are we seeing the rate decreases depending on the state slowing a little bit? Yes, there is signs of that. At the same time, it is been surprising to us how there are certain markets that are becoming exceptionally aggressive with things such as commissions. And quite frankly, we just shake our head, we've kind of seen the movie before. We know how it ends. And it's usually a sign that we're getting towards the end.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Suzanne, thank you. So we, first of all, thank you all very much for finding time to join us as you would have gathered not only was it a strong quarter, but we're very optimistic about where things are going for the next couple of years. And from our perspective, the table is set for some pretty terrific returns. And we will look forward to enjoying those again over the next couple of years. So we will update you again in about 90 days. Thank you for your time.
