Brian Moynihan: Thanks, Lee, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you look at our results, you can see the storyline for this quarter is much the same as it was for last quarter. You can see that the revenue is showing stability in most of the core businesses. You can see the good core expense control, continued credit improvements, and solid business activity throughout the franchise. You can also see obviously the litigation expense from our legacy mortgage issues continued to affect our earnings this quarter. And you can also see we’ve continued to build our strong balance sheet position and capital and liquidity. So in a minute, Bruce will take you through the details of the results. But I thought it would be good if we spend a couple of minutes at the outset here talking about what our customer and client data is telling us about the economy and what we see in our franchise. As we all know the economy is off to a little bit of a slow start this year, but growth has picked up recently. Most recent jobs data shows nearly 1.4 million are created in the first half of this year. As we have strong positions, leadership positions across consumer and commercial companies in the Americas, we have a view into the key indicators of an improving economy which shows signs everywhere of improvement. Even in advance with the short-term interest rate is changing which would help our rich consumer – our deposit rich consumer and business banking segments, our consumer business had another good quarter. It performed well growing earnings 29% from last year included solid origination activities across the various products. In addition, as we look at our underlying consumers, they have increased their spending. We can see in our data that the retail volumes on debit and credit cards were up 4% from last year’s second quarter but more importantly up 8% from the first quarter of this year showing increased momentum in spending among our card customers. Consumers are growing card balances also, they’re borrowing a little bit more and they continue to add to their deposit balances. As you know, home sales continue to improve across the industry and we can see on our own results, as our originations and mortgages increased from first to second quarter, but importantly our purchase mortgage origination continue to grow. Our home equity originations also were up almost 30% for the quarter. When you look at the underlying transactional activity and volume activity in our stores, 7 to 8 million visitors come in each week showing continuous strong activity. We can also see that in our online activity where 30 million online customers continue to grow their overall volumes and importantly in our mobile activity where 15.5 million mobile customers continue to increase the use of technology including depositing 10% of all the checks, retail checks in our company through their mobile phones and other devices. The health of the consumer is also evident in our asset quality. Delinquencies continue to improve. Our consumer card loss rate ended the quarter at less than 3%. We see on the wealth management side, the consumer, the market’s growth has added to consumer wealth. We have nearly $2.5 trillion in client balances in our global wealth and investment management business including a $100 billion in the brokerage assets for their retail and preferred customer base in our consumer business. We also see encouraging signs throughout our commercial customers. Commercial construction has improved and manufacturing activity in our clients has accelerated. The borrowing by our commercial customers remains healthy across the industry and credit quality is very strong. Encouraging is that middle-market utilization rates are moving forward again this quarter ever so slightly. Industry sales and trading activity among our trading counterparties has been low as many of our peers have talked about in this low volatility environment. However, our business – underlying business performed well. Tom Montag and his team had - our global markets business posted $1 billion - $1.1 billion in earnings for the quarter. Our investment banking pipeline remains strong and the back half of 2014 looks healthy. While the economy still faces challenges, progress is being made throughout the economy but also throughout our company. We are seeing good business activity and a strengthening as we go through 2014. We are seeing improved financial health for our consumers, our customers and our corporate customers. But the most important thing to think about is the signs of a gradually improving economy, is how our businesses is continually positioned to take advantage of the activity and deliver for you our shareholders. With that I’ll turn it over to Bruce.
Brian Moynihan: I would add on the consumer side also as you look at year-over-year dynamics in terms of deposit growth of $25 billion, also look at this, we are still running off a CD portfolios that was more of a funding portfolios for some of the companies that we acquired. So that I think there is a round number of $10 billion reduction in CDs over that time period and we’ve also obviously sold some deposits not a huge amount. So that growth is over top of all that and net. So, we feel good about the consumer franchise ability to continue to grow deposits even while being very disciplined on price and as rates rise, that value will be recognized and we expect those deposits now are much more core, you have the checking account deposit year-over-year I think were up to 25% to 30% in terms of average balance.
Brian Moynihan: I think if you look at the - just on the consumer business, the year-over-year growth was $25 billion and the linked quarter growth was $10 billion so obviously we are growing at a faster rate in the current environment, at the spots so to speak Jim than we have been year-over-year. And so the growth rate of 2% was nominal in a quarter which would be annualized 8% about high 5% to 6% year-over-year. So, it’s accelerating still by the good core activity.
Brian Moynihan: I think in the near-term Matt, the number one thing about cost is continue to work down the LAS legacy costs down to a more normalized level on a per loan basis and also keep producing the number of delinquent loans. So, that’s the real expense leverage and what Bruce talked about earlier is we get to make sure we do it the right way especially in connection with sort of finishing up some of the regulatory work there. That’s the real large dollar amount. You are pointing out exactly that situation on the core, you run at about $13 billion a quarter on core expenses, not a bad number if you annualize it and sort of think that through but the real question is how do you hold it there and keep investing in the businesses. And so when we started the New BAC, we never gave a target that said, we are going to save of this money but we are going to reinvest that we gave you a sort of net target and now we are reaching that. And so, what we would challenge our teams too is how to maintain a good operating leverage going forward and so we are more about simplifying the company and continuing to take out expenses. But a lot of that will offset the 1000 people we’ve added in the branches that we sell more products if you are seeing the benefit of the continued adds we make in the wealth management business and training programs. We hired a 30% or 40% more people out of schools this year because we got to keep replenishing our talent base, commercial bankers et cetera. So, as you look forward, the inflationary type things that go on, merit raises and healthcare expenses and stuff like that and investing in the business including the $3 billion plus we put in technology developments every year will need to be offset by hard expense work and so that’s the plan we have and we are putting this, we keep driving those plans in place. So there will be less bottom-line reduction on the core expense base and more how you hold it there in a relatively slow growth environment.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, if we want accept them, when markets kicks up you are going to have more comp related to that or wealth management comp which is good. So, you got to be careful, because those things kind of come and go and you can see that just the last couple of quarters. But, if you think what David Darnell and the team have done in the retail business, they are still rationalizing the branch structure which will offset putting more people in the branches that are more personal bankers and FSAs. And they’ve done a pretty good job at offsetting that. In addition we are repatriating some jobs to help on the consumer credit – customer delight scores and stuffs from places that legacy enterprises had in other places and bringing them in and that rationalization is going on and that’s adding to our job count in the near term but we’ll rationalize back out.
Brian Moynihan: You point out, I mean, it’s an obvious point and we – the team is focused on it, but we have made some near term investments including training programs and hiring people into the business working to the branches and stuff to help, but it something that we got to monitor closely and we think it will come back down and more in line with what you would expect.
Brian Moynihan: John, if you look at page 19, you can see the second quarter, second quarter, second quarter, across the last three years and it’s remarkably stable in terms of markets revenue lower part of that page. And so, Tom and the team did a – a few years ago we actually reduced the headcount almost 5000 people and that’s allowed us to make $1 billion in this current environment as we did this quarter. So, this ebb and flow as you and I’ve talked about in various occasions, it is a core part of what we do. But we show you the separate P&L, we show that from the first quarter half a good quarter, this quarter had a $1 billion bucks and it may come down as activity moves around the clients but it’s a relatively stable revenue base that we can make money on because of the expense adjustments we made last year – in the last couple of years.
Brian Moynihan: I think, if you look at the charge-offs, the key is that when you really think about the broad constitution of $1.3 if you remove the recoveries, you got to look at the card business and what changed since that time as we have changed our position the card business fairly dramatically with the sales from international portfolios and even how we’ve approached the U.S. is based on the dynamics of the card business. The good news is the card business is starting to grow in terms of balances and going back to an earlier question we got rid of the non-core aspects and now you are seeing the core start to come through $1.1 to cards. People are using the cards more and the balance is growing. And so I think that if you just think about that, that number is going to be – is today and will be the dominant part of the charge-off questions and you should think that $100-ish billion and balances as you look forward you would expect that to grow but not continue to stop dramatically, it’s not for us to change dramatically in terms of positioning our balance sheet because we need to keep that book balance because there is higher charge-offs and period of unemployment level. So, I’d say, if you went back and look at that that is the biggest core adjustment between the two items and then, the counter to that is, if you look at the appendix page as you see the charge-offs on the mortgage business in the first mortgage business again recoveries, but if you look at home equity side. You still have a charge-off rate which based on the underwriting criteria the stuff going on will be much higher and so we had a couple $100 million before the charge-offs that you can see on page 21. So we’d expect to see improvement in that from where we are, but I’d say the card business is kind of about as good, is getting very strong. If you look at home equity you can reversal from the recoveries on the first mortgage loans. But it is a fundamentally different level because we mix the balance sheet differently on purpose.
Brian Moynihan: That I think – yes, we should be able to penetrate on more lending. So, that if you look on page 17, you can see the – 18 excuse me, you can see the growth in card originations, the growth in home equity originations, which go on a balance sheet as Bruce talked about early would put about, I’d say half broadly stated of the originations and mortgages are going on the balance sheet. And in the business banking segment which is a small part of our commercial banking segment here to – $50 million on the revenue companies we are actually starting to see net loan growth the first time and a lot of times as it been up for non-core portfolios and so that’s the core opportunity in the franchise as it continued to originate credit to the core customer base and there is lots of opportunities there, but you can see us making progress against each quarter. I think, on a broader context you got to think about these businesses and how they mix together. So in every company’s retail business, it’s an excess deposit generator just by the very nature of it and not only as it fund alone for the consumer customers but also provides the funding for the rest of the franchise. So, I think we have to keep that broader context and that’s why we invest going to your first question on mortgages and securities to – lack of better term get the value out of those deposits for the shareholders.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, we’ve been growing underlying activity. If you look at some statistics in the back things were up Mike, but you are right, the – if you go back a couple years ago we started New BAC we were running $59 billion of core expenses, now run at $13 billion. And so we are largely getting there and then question then is now how do you hold at there in the economic and environment which is lower growth and traditionally expected in the United States and that’s been – this vigilance on our part. But during the whole time period we’ve invested literally thousands and thousands of people into the sales side and start to try that growth and we’ll continue to do that. The question is how do you balance that investment grade.
Brian Moynihan: It’s not a big project, I mean, this is done by the people run the businesses, with just committed plans that we did this wasn’t – it’s not a huge project group to actually accomplish. It’s done by who have to run each business, each function.
Brian Moynihan: We’ve seen – we are seeing signs of improvement, I am not sure I’d go as far as saying it’s an inflection point.
Brian Moynihan: We’ve been pretty consistent if we go back, I believe Mike – the third and fourth quarter earnings call, that as we look out to and as we look at and embed in our models of 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve that we are looking at that point with a tangible common equity ratio of 7% and return on asset of 1% to be at a 14% return on tangible common equity. As you get into the – you don’t see that rate environment until 2016 and if you look at those metrics and back out what we’ve said a 100 basis points is worth to us on a parallel shift, you get a sense for what we need to get to ex the 100 basis point move.
Brian Moynihan: That’s going to be roughly $3.3 billion or $3.4 billion pre-tax and at $0.63 it’s $2 billion less which on roughly $140 billion on tangible common equity is going to be about 20 basis points less on assets at that point.
Brian Moynihan: As we said, Mike, I think, we can’t discuss that and you get a rendition of all the different criteria that people written about. I think this quarter we are able to put away the AIG case, which if you remember was back in 2011 lot of the people said it was worth a lot more money for $650 million. So we will continue to figure out where we get behind us a reasonable cost for our shareholders. We just can’t talk about details on this.
Brian Moynihan: Great, super. Well, I think we are through all the questions. So thanks a lot for joining us and we look forward to talking next quarter.
Bruce Thompson: We took, Betsy, a piece of our non-performing loans out and as non-performing loans and as you know, when you receive it, to the extent that you receive income you write down the basis for those loans and we took those loans out and saw healthy gains. We continue to look at the sale of non-performing loans, but I would not expect anything near the magnitude from the sale of non-performing loans that we saw this quarter.
Bruce Thompson: I think the – the timing is going to progress on the schedule that it otherwise would have – I think you all know that from an objector perspective that they were probably the strongest and most vocal objector with respect to the case and we’ll just have to see as we move forward what the impacts from them dropping their objection to the cases. I think the other thing that’s important is as it relates to holding of the securities or at least a basis to object, but they were the largest holder that was out there from holding securities as part of the settlement. I think they noted that in the release this morning.
Bruce Thompson: Sure, couple of things, if you look at asset sensitivity, you’ll see that the exposure to a 100 basis point parallel shift in rate, that the benefit increased this quarter from about $3.2 billion in the first quarter to $3.4 billion. As you look at the deposit base, a couple of things of note, the first is, north of 70% of the overall deposits that we have throughout the company are within our consumer and wealth management business and as it relates to – I would say overall asset betas that through history given the branch network and the relationships those tend to be very stable. I think you get a sense for that as you look at the continued deposit growth that we’ve seen while at the same time taking rates paid down pretty significantly. If you move to the institutional side, and look at where we are, roughly 75% of the deposits that we have within the institutional business are domiciled here in the U.S. and the predominant mix of that is with our core corporate and commercial customers and if you look at the reason that they are holding those deposits with us is because we tend to be their core relationship bank. We do their cash management, we do their treasury service revenue and have relationships that are beyond just a place for them to put their deposits. So, as we move forward, there is obviously a level of uncertainty to the extent of a Fed withdrawal, but as we look at the overall deposit base, the stability of it and our outlook going forward, we feel like that we’re very well positioned.
Bruce Thompson: Sure, let’s go – it’s a very good question Jim and I think we need to break out and discuss – if you look at the declines that we saw in the residential mortgage area, that those are largely due to whole loan repayments of loans that are held within our investment portfolio. And so if you look at the consumer business, I think there are couple of key things that I would note. The first is, on a linked quarter basis, this is the first quarter in some time where we actually saw ending card balances within our domestic card balance increase and those were up as we mentioned roughly $1.3 billion from the first quarter to the second quarter. So we saw growth there and then if you move to what we saw within the wealth management area as I mentioned, we saw very strong growth both in securities based lending as well as within mortgage origination there. Once again on the home equity front, the progress that we are making on the origination front where we saw about $2.6 billion is really being masked by the run-off and the amortization of the home equity book that we have that runs off to the extent of $3 billion to $4 billion a quarter. So, within the consumer businesses, if you look at kind of the core front-end, we are seeing some consumer loan growth that just gets masked by the run-off of some of the consumer real estate. On the overall commercial and corporate side, I did referenced the couple pay-offs. As we look at one of the benchmarks that we look at is the revolver draws that we have within our commercial banking business, that number which had gotten as low as in the low 30s was up almost 100 basis points this quarter, and it’s now in the high 30s. So we are starting to see some greater activity on the revolver space within our commercial banking customers and overall activity with the corporate customers continues to be good but we are seeing – as I reference customers taking advantage of favorable debt capital markets which we obviously benefit from a debt underwriting perspective. 
Bruce Thompson: We did not, at the parent at this point, we are above 100% at the parent, so we are good from a 2017 compliance there. If we look at the combined BANA and FIA LCR ratios, those two companies or two banks will be put together October 1, that LCR numbers in the high 80s at this point and we’ll continue to build the LCR ratio at the banks to be at least a year ahead of where we need to be.
Bruce Thompson: It should not, there – as we look at, there has been a significant build at this point and as we look at the funding and the balance of that between both core consumer deposit growth as well as where we are that should not have an effect. If you look at the build that we talked about in the first quarter and second quarter, at this point I would say we’ve eaten that expense and we now need to get after it and optimize to get the expense knocked back down.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, and that’s going to trail and move with this. We drive down the 60 plus day delinquent loans, but clearly the $1.1 billion that we’ll either have in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of next year is still way too high given the number of 60 plus day delinquent loans that we have as well as the size of the servicing portfolio.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. We submitted our materials to the Fed on May 27. They have up to 75 days to respond. I believe the 75th day is August 10 and we continue to see where they come up.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, I would think, Glenn, probably more than anything if you go back and look at both the notional size of the balance sheet as well as the match book, we were probably a little bit lower at the end of 2014 - the end of the first quarter of 2014 than you would normally see. So, that number will bounce around, but I wouldn’t read anything into the fact that it was up because it was much lower at both the end of 2013 as well as the first quarter of 2014.
Bruce Thompson: I think the pricing is probably more theoretical because if you look across the industry we continue to see both the banks in Europe as well as the banks in Asia provide at so, I am not sure you’re seeing any meaningful movement in what you are able to charge from a match book perspective.
Bruce Thompson: Sure, well you’ve got a couple things, the first is that as you look at the expense growth during the quarter, and you look at the buckets roughly, half of it relates to incentive related comp that is a result of increased revenues. We do have a couple of initiatives that you’d expect to roll off over the next couple quarters within the wealth management business. We obviously have the rollout of Merrill One over the last couple of quarters where you saw some expense there. There we spent some additional money spend as we invest in system related to retirement systems and retirement programs as we continue to see growth there. And so, you do have some of that activity as well as just making sure that the right investment within the various control support functions are appropriate. So – at the same time, as we look forward, you need to see positive operating leverage not negative operating leverage and that’s what we’ll look to work for as we go through the next couple quarters of the year.
Bruce Thompson: I think that the notable think that I would call out is that when we get private-label claims that comp, there are two different types of claims that come in, there is the first that our claims where people have had the ability to look at loan files and submit a claim based on a loan file, not being what they’ve thought it be and the second is that, you can have people that at points in time do what we call or throw in what we would characterize as a bulk claim where they are just throwing it in without having done any work whatsoever on the loan file. And what’s important when you look at what we saw during the second quarter of 2014 we saw roughly $1.9 billion of original unpaid balance on the loans not loss, gross of that amount, the amount of bulk claims were no file reviews and went down was $1.9 billion. So, I would not read too much into that number because it’s not for loan files where there has been any work done and I would just say generally if you look at what we’ve seen regarding some of the recent decisions where there seems to be some stickiness at this point on different statutes of limitations as well as a recent ruling that came out of California with respect to RMBS litigation that we do feel like we are moving forward and getting AIG behind us is significant in regards to putting the rest of this behind us. Sure,
Bruce Thompson: Sure, so, as we’ve said, given where we are from a disallowed DTA position that we’re at a point where broadly speaking, we accrete capital on a pre-tax as opposed to an after-tax basis and so, as you look at the results we had roughly $3 billion of pre-tax income. We had roughly $3.5 billion of pre-tax OCIs that gets you to above $6.5 billion and then as you look at threshold deductions of roughly 10%, take 10% of that $6.5 billion, it gets you roughly $700 million, that gets you to roughly $7.2 billion of capital build, you back out the common dividend of 100 and that gets you to your $7.1 billion build.
Bruce Thompson: Clearly, at least over the next – I would say, probably two to four quarters it will be a function of the exact earnings but, for the near term that’s correct.
Bruce Thompson: I believe that the excluded DTA was roughly $15 billion and it was down over – little over $1 billion.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, we are mindful of the fact of settlements, there is obviously a lot of discussion and dialogues around op risk RWA. If you look at and when we noted that the reason risk-weighted assets went up during the quarter under the advanced approach, it was we are doing exactly what you referenced was reflecting an increased amount of operational risk RWA. We don’t give the exact number, but you should assume that that amount is in the 26% to 27% of our total risk-weighted assets number and is in line with our largest peer.
Bruce Thompson: Well, the first John, is jut to manage the notional size of the balance sheet which we continue to do. The second thing that I would note is, when you look at the sale of the re-performing loans that we did, those are the types of assets that in the CCAR at least we believe we don’t have access to the federal reserves’ models, but those are types of assets that tend to get hard. So, we continue to look hard and look to drive down the non-performing consumer real estate piece of what we have and this quarter was a good example of it. And then, you are exactly right, with respect to the leverage ratio that there is a benefit that that preferred stock gives with north of $4 billion this quarter that we generated will continue to look to see if more preferred makes sense and then lastly, we’ll continue to look at and see if sub that makes sense from a total capital perspective as well. The incremental cost of those is very low and we just want to make sure the balance sheet is optimized for those different buckets.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, our activity levels and – if you saw a P&L throughout the quarter, while June was marginally better, I would characterize the activity that we saw within the sales and trading business during the second quarter to be fairly consistent. And if we look out at the third quarter, typically with the summer the third quarter is a little bit seasonally slower than the second quarter. If you look at our results last year, you’ll see that and as we come into the third quarter, there is nothing unusual in our third quarter numbers of last year and how we compare to those numbers is going to be a function of how well we perform this quarter and that’s obviously up to us.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, there we’ve got one more sales that we’ll look to wrap up this quarter that’s got fairly high consent of 60 plus day delinquent loans. But beyond that, that one transfer this quarter were largely at the end of servicing sales and we are at a base of what you see should be what we have going forward with the plusses and minuses being what runs off versus what we put on.
Bruce Thompson: As you look at I think, rep and warrant was less than $100 million this quarter. You are going to always have that as you go forward, but we are not seeing much rep and warrant at all on recent originations that’s going to be more legacy related.
Bruce Thompson: From a number of units perspective, as you look at the bulk sales over the – there is a piece of it that was – that we service and the results of a piece that others service. So in the context of the number of 60 plus day delinquent loans it was not meaningful relative to the total.
Bruce Thompson: A couple things, we don’t give the exact numbers, but if you go back and look at the first quarter, we look at and try to understand what the tax treatment is for the different settlement. There was a piece of it in the first quarter that we would have assumed was not tax deductible and you are right, the piece that – and the reserves that we took this quarter there was a presumption that it was tax deductible. And the short answer is, until you get to the end, you don’t know the exact mix. But we try to be thoughtful with that and I would just say as it relates to the total number, as we said last quarter, there was $2.4 billion of litigation expense over and above what was for settlement. In this quarter you got in the high threes and I think it gives you a sense as to the magnitude of the reserves that are built over the last two quarters.
Bruce Thompson: Sure, if you look at an embedded under the global banking segment, we’ve got the loans that are done within our corporate investment bank that tend to be for the larger companies and as we look at spreads and yields on a linked quarter basis, within our business, we saw relative stability in the yields in those businesses. And, as we look out at in the marketplace given that those loans that are brought for those customers tend to be broadly syndicated and there tends to be a relationship in the yield between that and where they can access capital in the capital market, that low in pricing over the last quarter has hung in there and like I said it was generally flat, Q1 to Q2. I would say, we tend to see a little bit more of a competitive pressure tends to be within the base commercial bank which is for middle-market companies where that they tend to be more one, two, or three bank deals and we have seen that area continues to be pretty competitive and we are just being disciplined with how we approach that market and given the footprint that we have, we do have the flexibility to not chase things within some of these regional markets.
Bruce Thompson: No, I would – for the core commercial customer, that’s going to be the traditional banking customer as you think of it.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, but that’s correct so we had a position that went public during the quarter. There was a gain and it’s reflected in the revenues of the global market segment. But we did not think that was appropriate to include that in the core FICC and equity sales and trading. So if you go to the table on page 13, when you look at that FICC and equity sales and trading number ex DVA that that does not include any benefit from the gain that we saw within the overall segment during the quarter.
Bruce Thompson: Well, if you start from a home equity perspective, I think that the repayment and run off of those is a god thing and not a bad thing. And so, you’ll continue to see – I would expect over the next couple of years that the amortization of those is going to be greater than the new loans coming on the book. We would not expect though as you look at net interest income given the yields on those versus what you can do with other things that the run off of that book will have a negative impact from an overall net interest income perspective. And as it relates to the whole loans piece, that we have, I would expect that that over time that will continue to run down. We continue to look as we talked about before on the home loans business to put and to originate mortgages for customers where we want to hold those loans during the quarter, we put about $6 billion of home loans that were originated for our customers on our balance sheet. Roughly 75% to 80% of those would have been of the jumbo variety. But I think to be realistic over the next probably couple of years, you are likely to see a little bit more run-off of that then you’ll see new loans coming on and we obviously have the decision at that point of do you want to reinvest those proceeds and other whole loans that you can buy out in the market or invest those in securities and I would say at this point with LCR as well as what we are focused on from a customer perspective, they are much more likely to be invested in securities than new whole loans that are not for our customers.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, couple things, the range of possible loss that you quoted of being flat from the first quarter to the second quarter relates to our representation and warranty reserves not our litigation RTL. So, you are correct that the rep and warrant piece was flat quarter-over-quarter. We do not update and provide a range of possible loss on litigation expense until we file the 10-Q. As it relates to overall litigation reserves, we do not put out an exact or a level of our litigation reserve, what I do think is notable and probably most relevant is the information that I gave you as it relates to the litigation reserve that’s been built over the last two quarters that relates to legacy mortgage related matters and I think you can see and people are aware of what the most significance of those matters are. And obviously each quarter as it relates to the reserving, we go through each quarter and assess where we are and what we think is appropriate from a reserving perspective and we did that again in this quarter just like we do in any quarter.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, the first goal is obviously, as we’ve talked about it to find and invest in loans that are for our core customers across the platform and that’s priority one to the extent that there is residual or excess which there has been given the deposit growth that we’ve seen the money does gets invested and it’s been invested primarily in the most recent several quarters in securities. I mentioned OCI risk, the notable thing is that if you look at the OCI risk that we have as a company, even though the securities book has increased significantly over the course of the last twelve months, the overall level of OCI risk based on the different metrics that we look at is not changed and that’s the result of us shortening the portfolio investing in shorter duration treasury securities.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, I think as it relates to the risk-weighted assets they can either bifurcate risk-weighted assets under Basel 3 standardized versus those under Basel 3 advance. As you look at the Basel 3 standardized ratios, the benefits that we have there tend to come from the roll-offs of the different consumer loan portfolios both in first mortgage as well as in home equity and we would expect as we talked about throughout the call that you will continue to see a run-off there and given that a lot of the stuff that’s running off is higher loan to value than the new stuff that’s coming on that there is incremental benefit there. So, if you look at over the last five quarters, I think the way that the standardized metric is set up, the standardized metric is going to tend to mere the overall loan growth that you have and I am just – as I mentioned going forward, on average it will probably be a little bit lower mix coming on than what rolls off. On the advanced approach at this point, as we look forward, there will continue to be opportunities and stuff that’s advanced that tends to be heavier risk-weighted that rolls off between now and 2017, it’s not going to be anywhere near material as what we’ve seen and under the advanced approach, the recent increase as you’ve seen has largely been attributable to operational risk as opposed to what we are seeing within the kind of the core loan categories.
Bruce Thompson: I think, you’ve got one of the levers in the business that people often overlook is the lever towards rising rates, because in the business itself the amount of total deposits and loans are significant $250 of deposits and loans. And I think we said on the last call, and as said many times, we can see this margin moving towards 30% and that dynamic yield in that environment. But I think when you get to there, you start to top out a little bit if you just understand the broad base of revenue and the amount that goes through the grid and things like that that become a govern on what you can do beyond that. But as the mix of our business of wealth management with the private banking business and loans and deposits from a general client base and what’s been there, that gets leveraged in the upside as you described.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. The first thing I want to be clear Paul that the – getting to the $1.1 billion has moved back – maybe moved back one quarter not two.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets:  I'm sorry.
Bruce Thompson: We are looking at one quarter. The second though that the biggest item that really relates to the trajectory of LAS expenses is your number of 60 plus day delinquent loans, because the cost to service that is many multiples what the cost of servicing a current loan is. So, as you go forward, we have full limitation of the national settlement effective September 30. That will be a big benchmark and then as you go beyond then, as we said, one to two quarter lag you will see expenses trend down as your number of sixty plus day delinquent loans trend down and as those trend down, you need less people as well as a variety of other expenses. So that’s the key metric to watch. And as it relates to just how long that’s going to continue, I would not expect that we get down to the level of what should be a recurring number of 60 plus day delinquents until probably the end of 2015 or the first part of 2016, so as it relates to continued expense leverage, we would expect to see upside in that business probably all the way through the end of 2016 as it relates to driving expense down.
Bruce Thompson: The MSR sales that I referenced that will happen in the second half of the year. In the context of what we’ve done is relatively small. It’s just that the delinquency content associated with that sale is high. So it’s material from that perspective, but from an overall size perspective it’s not material.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets:  Okay, guys. Thank you very much.
Bruce Thompson: As we look at those gains, we are committed to not – as we continue to see liquidity build not taking incremental OCI risk as I referenced. And so over the last year, even as the securities portfolios has grown, we’ve managed to keep the OCI risk from an absolute dollar perspective relatively flat and as you see markets move up and down, obviously selling longer duration securities as you growth in the securities portfolio as part of that strategy.
Bruce Thompson: The other point that I just want to mention is that, historically, if you look at the front-end lending in consumer real estate that we’ve done, from a segment perspective that that consumer real estate lending on a first mortgage basis, it shows up in the balance sheet and all other. So, you should – you can assume that those deposits that you see within page nine, a lot of the loans that they do for our customers are reflected in the all other segments.
Bruce Thompson: A couple of things, the first is, within consumer real estate services, if we look at the home loans business on the front-end, we talked about how we saw during the quarter that we increased both front-end originations as well as took down expense. So, Q1 to Q2 we saw about a $100 million improvement on the front-end of the business that’s reflecting the consumer real estate services. And as it relates to the $700 million number that you quoted, we obviously, relative to the guidance have $300 million of expense to get out of that business over the next 90 days and then as we’ve talked about earlier on the call, we’ve got work to do to continue to drive that down significantly in both 2015 and the first part of 2016 and that’s clearly one of the highest priorities we have within the company.
Bruce Thompson: Well, I think your point, the value and the fact that on a basis point basis the came down was reflective of the lower rates that we saw at the end of the second quarter relative to the end of the first quarter and you are right, at a point in time when rates start to move out, you would expect that MSR to extend and for there to be value there, but we do not – I want to emphasize that we look to manage the MSR risk as part of the overall strategy and are mangling that to have it be a plat book.
Bruce Thompson: We did not quote, Mike, the actual deposit data. We obviously go back and look at historical data. Our assumption is as it relates to pass through rates as far as how much of the first 100 basis points that has to get passes along, we are in the 40% area with respect to that.
Bruce Thompson: You are exactly correct and if we go back and look at what it’s been throughout time, at points where arguably we don’t have the competitive position now, we look at a lot of historical data to come up with that number.
Bruce Thompson: And I’d just, Mike, before – I assume, the – achieving the balance of the $2 billion in quarterly New BAC savings in the fourth quarter is not dependent on future branch sales. So I just want to make sure that there is not an assumed linkage there.
Bruce Thompson: Our sense is from what we saw during the quarter, it was more a one-off event. There were a couple of loans that were for acquisition-related purposes that people then went out and refinanced. So that was just a little bit of an anomaly that we saw in the second quarter and if you look at just the attractiveness that the capital markets have been, you would expect that to largely be over. But every now and then when you deal with large multinational companies where some of the loan holds are little bit higher. You can have those one-time events where that happens and we had a little bit of that in the second quarter. It’s not something we would expect to recur.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. The middle market utilization rate was kind of 37 plus percent at the end of the first quarter and was up about almost 1% to mid 38%, which I don’t think in and of itself is not material, but it does seem that that people are a little bit more willing to access the revolving credits. At the same time practically speaking, you are not going to tend to see loan growth that’s dramatically higher than the rate at which the overall economy is growing. So, we clearly, as Brian Alluded to in his opening comments, we did see an economy that improved in the second quarter relative to the first quarter and on the commercial side, our loan growth is going to tend to mere or be a little bit above what we seen in the macro economy.
Bruce Thompson: There are several other objectors that had not been as vocal and as I said, we’ll have to see where it goes with that dropping out.
