Bruce Thompson: Yes. Moshe, what I'll say is that if you look as we referenced, it was roughly 1.6 billion a year ago, it was 500 in the second quarter and it was roughly 1 billion this quarter. I'd go back to and I think we've been pretty consistent, if you go back to 2010 and look at the build over the course of four years from both the litigation and rep and warrant perspective, I think you can see that we have more of that over the course of a 3.5-year period than anyone else out there. And as we look at the remaining pipeline, we put it in really four different buckets. The first is the GSE bucket for rep and warrant which with one exception we've got global settlements from the end of '08 back with Freddie and Fannie. So as we look at that bucket, we feel very good about that.  We then go to the second bucket which is monolines. We've got global settlements with three of the five monolines and we've established the reserves for the remaining two based on that history of the three. We then go to the rep and warrant with respect to the private-label securities, the 8.5 billion Gibbs & Bruns case which represents half the exposure continues to go through the core process and they'll be back in court on that I believe in November. And obviously we set up reserves at that point based on the Gibbs & Bruns history and as we've said before for that which we didn't have the basis to establish a reserve, we put out a range of possible loss for rep and warrant that continues to be up to $4 billion.  And then you move into the other piece that we have that's the RMBS securities litigation. During the quarter, the Luther-Maine settlement received preliminary approval during the quarter and we'll look to get final approval by that sometime during the fourth quarter and we obviously set up a reserve in that settlement, it was for $500 million which represents in the zip code of 65% to 70% of the company-wide exposure that we have for RMBS litigation.  And then the other two pieces that we continue to work through in that bucket are the FHFA litigation on behalf of Freddie and Fannie as well as AIG and there's really nothing to report new on either those fronts. And what you saw during the quarter as we said was really an adjustment to the reserves based on as we get more information into the extent that there are additional discussions with some of the people that we're in a party with those discussions still.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, let me be a little bit more specific when we go back to because I think the one thing that's been overlooked a little bit and this is not a number we're particularly pleased with, but if you go back to the beginning of 2010 and look at the combined litigation of rep and warrant expense that we've had in this company, it's been over $40 billion which I think is quite a bit higher than the number that they've quoted. Obviously those numbers are particular to each institution but I think as you look at what we've tried to do that those numbers have been significant and I think at this point relative to our peers, we've tried to be out front and get through some of the larger settlements that we have and we think that $40 billion plus number reflects that.
Bruce Thompson: And on the rep and warrant front, you're right. The rep and warrant expense was just over $300 million a quarter and we clearly would expect that the run rate of that expense is going to be much more in the $150 million quarter type run rate as opposed to the $300 million plus.
Bruce Thompson: But I think as we’ve said that number tends to be lumpy. And I wouldn’t say that there was any one specific item during the quarter that you could point to. It was really just a continued evaluation of the reserves as well –as well as reflective of any current discussions that we’re having with the different parties that we’re trying to work through this with.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, I think and I would say a couple of things on that too, Betsy -- once again the, we told you at the end of the second quarter that we would get the number of 60 plus day units down below 375,000 units by the end of the year. And you can see during the third quarter alone we got them down below 400,000. So we feel particularly good with that guidance. There’s a lot of work that goes on in a quarter to move out and to get the servicing transfers done as it relates to both our own teammates as well as people that we use to help us with that. So that’s why you saw some of the numbers Q2 to Q3 a little bit sticky. But the point that you raised, I think is the right one which is now that you’ve got the loans out you have the ability to take the expense out and that’s why we would expect the expense reduction in the fourth quarter to be greater than what we’ve seen in the third quarter. And I think as you look out at and as you look through 2014 the guidance that we’ve given is very -- really remains the same and you can feel more comfortable with given the delinquencies that as you go through 2014, you should see that expense number go from below $2 billion in the fourth quarter of ’13 to below $1 billion by the end of ’14 and it always can be a little bit lumpy, but you should see that occur generally consistently throughout the year.
Bruce Thompson: I think that’s fair John and there’s -- you always thought a little bit subject to mix loan pricing as well as rate environment but that’s clearly the trajectory that we’re on. So the answer would be, yes.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, I think it's important and the one thing that doesn’t come out when you look at this slide is it's not that we saw much variability in either FAS 91 or hedging effectiveness during the third quarter. It was that we had some benefits in the second quarter when you had the sharp increase in rates. So, as long as you’re within a reasonable range where rates aren’t bouncing around, you shouldn’t see much of that but keep in mind that what you saw on the first and second quarters was because of the largely unprecedented movement up in rates that we saw that gave us the FAS 91 benefit.
Bruce Thompson: Well it gets reset so that you don’t have any aberration from quarter-to-quarter, and the only time you have an aberration on a run rate basis is when the underlying rates move.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, I think – I want to think we’re in the same zip code both on a 100 basis point steepening as well as a 100 basis point parallel shift in the guidance that we’ve given once it takes us about three years to earn back any impact in OCI and we’re a touch better than that this quarter. And if you look at the supplemental you’ll see that, the level of debt securities is down modestly as we’re very sensitive to managing that OCI risk.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, John that’s really difficult to say. I think that the punch line is, is that it can be lumpy and we obviously do and work hard each quarter to the extent that we can get things put behind us at reasonable levels for the shareholders, we do that. It is an evolving process and it's something that we’re working hard on and at the same time there’s no question that the expense was elevated this quarter.
Bruce Thompson: No, as we referenced on the front end, so on the legacy piece we talked about the Q3 going to Q2 and how we’ll have that below two. As we talked about we needed to get through the pipeline on the front end during the third quarter which we did. The 1000 people that we referenced on the front end happened late in the quarter. And as I mentioned we're going to continue to reduce that to, to size that for the volumes that we're seeing now but we've not put out a specific number on that.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, we typically – if you look at combined investment banking and sales and trading you tend to be in the mid to high 30s and I don't think you're going to see any significant variations in that Q3 to Q4.
Bruce Thompson: Okay. As you think about the markets business, one of the things that Tom and team have done is got the – we've talked about in various quarters, he's kept the breakeven point relatively low. So in a quarter which the equities business was very good for us comparatively, but the fixed income business which is a lot bigger than the equity business was obviously down, we still made $0.5 billion. And so the goal there is to be able to serve our client and customers while keep the balance sheet in good shape and also keep the expense base so that when we get $2.5 million to $3 million we start making some decent money. And in a good quarter we'll make a good amount of money and Tom and team have done a good job to keep that expense base in line and mostly expense increase here is with litigation and things that were non-fundamental to show up in this line of business related to the broader question.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, if you just look across the last four quarters you see it but the key was going from '11 and '12 we moved the fundamental level so there is good operating leverage. You get another 1 billion in revenues. A lot of it comes through net of an incremental compensation care.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. What happens is that typically you mark your pension OCI once a year as you update the asset values and assumptions at year end. You typically do that on an annual basis. Because we merged several pension plans at the end of August, we will require to re-measure those assets as of the end of August and that $1.4 billion reflects that the change in value from Jan 1 to August 31 and then obviously we'll re-measure those again at year end.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. We have a couple of things going on. First I'll tell you that the expense number during the third quarter of last year and I'm going to speak to if you flip to Slide 10 for a moment that if you look at that comp or the All Other bucket which is I think what you're referring to, that $13 billion in the third quarter last year was particularly low if you look out where it was in the fourth quarter, it was at $13.4 billion. So that can bounce around by a couple hundred million dollars. So realized, it was off a low base. You did see a couple of things in the third quarter this year that you wouldn't have had. The first is that the Wealth Management revenues which there's a fair bit of formulaic compensation are running at, as I mentioned, at higher levels in '13 and '12, so you have some compensation there. The second thing that you had this quarter, as Brian referenced, as we took down headcount we had roughly $100 million of severance that came through the P&L during the quarter. The third thing that you had during the quarter as I referenced you had some elevated marketing expense that will go down in the fourth quarter that you also didn’t have in the third quarter. So a combination of a variety of items, but I think what we would say is that as you look to go forward, you should see that red bar come down based on our overall expense initiatives as well as New BAC.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think at this point, what I would expect is that generally speaking the securities book should remain relatively consistent with where it is and then if you look at the loan book, I would say that you are going to see that the loan book as well as well as the shrinkage of the debt footprint will be absorbed through deposit growth as well as a reduction to some extent in our parent company liquidity as we are carrying an elevated level of parent company liquidity to address these significant debt maturities in 2014 and the net of those which I thought you’re getting to initially is that you should continue to see this balance sheet in the 2.125 to 2.25 type area, but as we go forward we should continue to get it to be more and more efficient.
Bruce Thompson: I think what we said was at the current run rate level you should be expecting that to hit the bottom line.
Bruce Thompson: We did not put out a litigation reserve on a standalone basis. The number that we do put out is where we are in rep and warrant and that was just over $14 billion at the end of the third quarter.
Bruce Thompson: As we have said before, we would need to look at that based on the circumstances that come out at the time and I don’t think it’s a foregone conclusion, it goes one way or the other.
Bruce Thompson: I would say that -- we really haven’t -- and one of the things that we try to do and we’ll continue to optimize particularly the way that the Basel 3 standardized ratio works that focus more and more in for those places where we make credit commitments to have the loans be funded as opposed to unfunded given the capital treatment that's out there. So, I would say generally as you look at line utilizations, there hasn’t been much that’s changed at all the -- where you’re seeing the loan growth has been more funded type loan growth in many cases for a large high quality companies that are making acquisitions, a couple that we’d have seen this quarter would have been Verizon Wireless as well as Amgen.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, I believe, Guy, that – at the end of the second quarter, I believe that we had said that the range of possible loss with respect to litigation was in the high-2s and we'll obviously need to freshen that up as we get the third quarter Q out. But I wouldn't expect to see anything significant one way or the other.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, if you look at by business unit, I referenced that as you flowed through that you had – and you can see it in the commercial real estate services area, the results were 300 million of it there. There was roughly 300 of it between banking and markets and then the majority – the rest of it was in All Other.
Brian Moynihan: Let's talk about the production first. You remember that we had a lot of HAMP going on and that's been dropping each quarter as we sort of get through the volumes of that and that had a pretty good impact. It was down roughly 3.5 billion or so linked quarter. The rest of production continues to move forward. But if you look at what's really going on as we speak because during the third quarter you have significant changes in July, August as we ran through the pipeline, et cetera. The current pipeline stands at a level 30,000 odd. The current application volumes today are around 1,000. The purchased piece of that has maintained relatively constant 300-ish a day. So if you think about that, we had sort of a month and a half of pipeline and that's been pretty consistent as we got into September and through October. So it kind of extrapolates that out. You should see production levels that would be down again in the fourth quarter, but will start to mitigate. The issue on the revenues as spreads have come in and the refinancing volume is at a higher profit margin because the work is not as much. And so we expect to see a lot like we're seeing now, spreads that come in a couple hundred basis points or so, and we expect that to hold and the volumes will come down. And so I think the number will continue to work in that direction. What you do mention is the other side which is sort of the rep and warrant exposure and stuff that goes through there, stuff that changes and Bruce can touch on that. But in terms of overall volumes we're starting to take the people down to max the volumes. You remember we had a lot of work to do here. If you look at our non-HAMP production, it's continued to grow each quarter. Our home equity loan production has doubled in the last few quarters and we'll continue to drive that forward. As we told you many times it will never be a huge business for this company because it's a business which is very competitive out there and the profit margins will always be thin, but we need to do it for our customers and clients.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think once again our comments will be assuming that we don't see any slippage in the economy. During the quarter if you look at the reserve release, roughly 250 of it was from a purchase credit impaired and roughly a 1.150 billion from the core. As we go forward, I would think about the reserve release much more consistent with what you saw on the first and second quarters of this year over the next couple of quarters, and that ultimately as we get into that latter part of ’14 and beyond you’d expect most of that to go away, but I do think there are probably another couple of quarters where it could be in line with what we saw on the first and second quarter, but clearly not at the third quarter of this year given the sharp improvement in credit we saw.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah, our SLR numbers are fully loaded at both the bank holding company as well as at the subs. And as we look at CCAR what I would say is, we’ve been consistent on this that we’ve done and done everything we can both in the way intrinsically, the way we run the company which in many respects is not in consistent with what you get tested in CCAR net. But built our Basel 1.5 ratio up significantly from last year. The Basel 3 ratio is across the board or up. As you look at both credit risk and market risk those have obviously gotten better and we’ve continued to put the legacy issues behind us. So as we look at, we obviously we’re able to return $5 billion to the common shareholders during this year is part of the CCAR process and we’ll look to move forward from that realizing that and until we see the exact case that we’re running and what the test is. I think it's probably premature to say anything more than this.
Brian Moynihan: John, one thing on both in the mortgage and otherwise, as Bruce talked about, the actions we've taken during the quarter to reduce headcount overall in the company, a lot of it is in the second half of the quarter so you always get a continuing on effect of that. And by the way next quarter as we reduce further LAS and mortgage, you'll see it go in the first quarter. So it doesn't lag and it's just the nature of severance accruals you take at the time plus as we move the headcount out, sort of paying them on as you go on the severance also in certain cases. So you should expect that those volume-related reductions will continue to move forward and the economics of what we did in the third quarter is probably more in the fourth quarter than it is in the third quarter.
Brian Moynihan: I wouldn't really know any specific change there, Glenn. It's something that we continue to look at. The one thing I'd say that we are working hard on and this really flips more to some of the capital in central clearing type things that as we continue to have more and more of that migrated, that is going to benefit certain capital ratios as we look at counterparty. So I think that the ongoing to the extent that there is economic negative going forward, we're obviously continuing to spend a lot of time with that. But the one piece that is a little bit more tangible that we work through is that there will be some decent benefits over the course of 12 to 18 months as more and more of that gets migrated.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think a couple of things in there just kind to reiterate a little bit we touched on is that we may over the course of the last 12 to 18 months the investment of having more bankers in the branches and trying to do more things with our customers. And I'd say the two things that we feel best about as you look at that growth in cards to over 1 million cards in the quarter is the first is that 63% of those people once again we already have an existing relationship with and obviously know something about and are trying to do more with. And the second thing I'd say is that as you look at the overall FICO and credit volume of those borrowers, they tend to be in the mid 700s on average. So it's the right customer, it's sold the right way and it's part of an overall deepening strategy. And now that we're starting to see some of the balances creep up, it's reflective of that activity which I think quite frankly overshadows a little bit as we cleaned out some of the affinity and other programs that the new stuff that you saw got overshadowed by thinks that were legally in the books but now that we're largely through that, what we're doing on the front end is starting to come out.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think if you look at our client base which ranges from small businesses through largest companies in the world, I'd say all of them feel very good about their operating position making money. Have done a tremendous job of keeping the cost structure in line. An example with a company that had 200 employees whose sales are going to go by 25% and they said, we're only going to add five employees. So the American business has gotten very efficient. But when you put on top of them the uncertainties because we're all engaged in global commerce, the macro uncertainties at the world level, the U.S. level, I think there has been an uncertainty in the whole back here that will come through as more and more clarity both economy, i.e. final demands of the products and the macro situation comes clear. And so is the sprint out of the blocks? No, they're running forward and it would probably be a speed up of the process. And you saw some of that this summer with some of the M&A activity and stuff in the larger companies has strengthened and you're seeing it go on. So I think there's demand in the system so to speak. There's money on the sidelines from investor side and the more clarity you'll see better activity. Meanwhile underneath it you see the core economy continue to push forward even with all things going on around the world.
Brian Moynihan: And remember also that when we give these reduction numbers we’re not giving you a reduction and saying, but then we’re going else with this is a net number that you pointed out. So all the investments we are making in the third quarter last year with third quarter this year you’ve seen that the mortgage production cost go up, which will come back down. But all the investment we made, sales people do the cards that we talked about earlier, small business lending, investment services you can see at the branch level, you can see the numbers growing there, all those are in those numbers. So all those investments are more commercial bankers that are helping our commercial loan growth in the (indiscernible) then you have the natural salary increases and stuff like that are all absorbed in that and you have to nominal numbers are flat and frankly if you back out a couple of things that Bruce just mentioned are down and so we’re comfortable on course for New BAC. But remember these numbers are absorbing all the usual costs that we do plus the investments in business which we’re making strong investments in the areas we have growth opportunity.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think one thing that we haven't -- we don’t -- haven’t talked about in a while is we still have a significant run off portfolios that we’re replacing as to which gives us ability to grow the core business without growing the balance sheet footings and I think that’s something that will help us in our capital levels that are already very strong today going forward because effectively we don’t need the incremental capital to grow the balance sheet even that have commercial loan growth and other types of growth you're talking.
Brian Moynihan: Yes and by the way everything is on the NIM is still the short rate move drives a lot of profit because the deposit franchise is an advantage to funding source as you all know.
Brian Moynihan: I think the best guidance that we give at this point is we’ve got roughly 600 million a quarter in New BAC to get done over the next five to six quarters.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, but you have got to remember you've got to add back some of LAS costs -- with the subtracts in there, but there is always -- LAS is a servicing business, it always had some cost that we probably took.
Brian Moynihan: Yes that -- sometimes people take that lower number [multi] times, but you’ve got to remember -- parts of other costs will also be in there.
Brian Moynihan: Mike -- overall Mike the loan utilization rates, they haven’t moved around a lot, but they’re at low levels historically across the board whether it’s our business banking segment, the middle market segment and the large corporate not -- don't really use their lines other than as Bruce described and they’re doing something inorganic, but they’re very low which gives you two things. One it indicates that they have got lots of cash and have lots of room for investment, but secondly as the economy picks up moving back with thousand basis points or so we are from sort of more normal levels like a better term is a lot loan growth within -- without new customer relationships, or any more work.
Brian Moynihan: I think demand has picked up over the last couple of year. I think that the company have a line of credit in their dynamics. They are using it a lower level than they did not necessary two years ago, but during the normal economic times and that’s the second point the demand has been picking up across the consumer demand and things like that, but it's still not as strong as it would be because it's a 2% growth rate economy out there.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think only two things is that you've obviously seen a little bit more brand that's out there and then with CCP there was the acceleration of what we do from a charitable perspective from the fourth to the third, those were the two items.
Brian Moynihan: It's a great question. And really two things going on. Keep in mind as we've said because we have a decent chunk disallowed DTA from a Basel perspective that ballpark we will accrete capital on a pretax basis generally speaking as opposed to a post tax basis for a decent number of quarters going forward. So when you look at that, I think pretax not so much post tax. And then the second benefit that you had which was an earlier question was the benefit of OCI during the quarter of roughly $1 billion after-tax or $1.5 billion pretax and that was the combination of the pension to the positive and then to the negative CCP coming out as well as some of the debt securities gains.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you. Okay, I think that's all the questions that we have. So thanks for joining us this morning.
