Brian Moynihan: Couple of things. One is that if you parse expenses, Betsy, into three basic buckets, the litigation expense bucket, which you are seeing come down to more reasonable levels and then there is a cost of that litigation and the external legal fees and stuff, which will continue to see lift in which is in the expense numbers. Then you have the second bucket LAS worth a billion level and as Bruce said, we would expect to get down to $800 million and keep moving at to lower numbers over into ’16. And then given the baseline and I think the thought on the baseline is even as we reduce the headcount, we continued to reinvest in sales capacity. So just in our consumer business, headcount is down year-over-year but we have a thousand more sales people roughly out there selling. And so the idea is to continue to drive sales people into the businesses. At the same time, we’ve taken our wealth management, et cetera. So when you think about the broad expense base, there is adjustments always in the first quarter, second quarter just because of revenue and stuff in terms of the aggregate amount. But we will continue to pare way. You can look linked quarter -- year-over-year quarters over the last four years, we continued to chip away. This year it was 300 on the core base. We will continue to work at that. But I would say that a lot of it, we are trying to make sure that we create the investment rate and continue to grow the franchises and their size. This is a matter of holding these expenses relatively flat as revenues start to pick up with the expected increase in rates in economy continue to grow. As that change, we have to go aggressively and push down the core also. And so we manage it everyday and you can see the headcounts leading indicator because that headcount reduction in the quarter really benefits us in the second quarter.
Brian Moynihan: On the first question, John Thiel who runs Merrill Lynch for us, where largely we are affected by the discussion on fiduciary standards. Remember, U.S. Trust is actually a private bank and operates into the fiduciary standard and most of its activity. So, John Thiel does the lead in our business does great job for us and has been clear. We believe that doing what’s in the best interest of the customer is absolutely the right thing to do. And while this rule has just come out yesterday afternoon and frankly, Betsy, to get prepared for your questions this morning, I have spent a lot of time examining into detail. But from a basic standpoint, we’ve been clear that that’s we see the industry moving and we expect lot of movement there. On the robo-advisor, I think that the clear segment match for us in that area in terms of what Schwab and other people have talked about is really in the Merrill Lynch business, which is below the Merrill Lynch cut-off a lot of their return. So, John and his team drive people to $150,000 in investable assets free to invest, which is net worth of a $0.5 million in the upper range of the client and Dean Athanasia and his preferred team drive the business below that. And if you look in our information, you will see that that business has got about $118 billion of both, which assets are growing faster than the industry. Year-over-year, I think the assets were up 18%. The number of accounts of the sales levels were up and so that’s really the automated rebalancing portfolios and stuff like that and we are driving that through as a core execution. And by the way, they also refer tens of thousands of customers a year up to Merrill Lynch at the same time. So we are trying to have the best of both worlds.
Brian Moynihan: And Matt, in the broader context, we have flipped the binding constraint in our company to some degree with the move to advance and so therefore, you continue to look at the balance sheet, what makes the businesses and how you approach the businesses changes again to standardize with the constraint we are focused on. And with our binding constraint now it’s going to flip to advance as you can see in the numbers and that bend is -- you expect us to be as aggressive and in depth at thinking through how we mix the businesses right to make sure that we are focused on that constraint now has become a binding rule.
Brian Moynihan: Paul, I think overall remember as you get further and further remove from the crisis, what’s leftover or even though at the time when we said fairly answer that some of these non-core portfolios would have been a product to service, you did want to continue seven years later, you are seeing the customers are left over to paid. And so there is a good bid, but also we want to make sure we measure the economics of the portfolios. Now they are much smaller. The risk is way down. And so we judge that really on the basis of, who the customer is and whether we want to sort of roam into core loans in our company and then also what the economics the outside are. So I wouldn’t expect us to change our course there, whether its look opportunistically, we had to keep move in the right direction on both servicing and that’s that we own too because remember Paul there is also servicing side to this, even though we don’t own the asset. There is a strong bid. Even the agencies are moving to move some portfolios.
Brian Moynihan: No. Your point is exactly right which is that as we talked about last quarter that the op risk relative to the total advanced startup was upwards of 30%. That’s obviously higher than our peers. It’s something that we are working hard on to be able to drive down. And to your point, the question is when you’re able to get benefit from declining litigation trend as we wrap up the legacy matters and that does take some time. Obviously, the last two quarters from litigation perspective have been much lighter than what we experienced going back several years. So it’s up to us to continue to work that and to look to convince people that the level of op risk capital should come down given the resolution of the matters. And I would just highlight that once again whether you look at Article 77, there was an Ocala litigation matter that was wrapped up as well as on the RMBS front with settlements that we got through this quarter were roughly 99% of all threatened or filed litigation with respect to RMBS. So we continue to work through that and drive through that. And ultimately the benefit from that should be lower op risk capital from an RWA perspective.
Brian Moynihan: I think in all these cases, clearly that we work closely with our supervisors on all model related activity. And as you look to make changes that are to the good, you obviously need to work through your regulators to get those put through.
Brian Moynihan: I am always hesitant to comment on results given that we are nine days into a new quarter. But I think if you look at what we saw from both, I would say both a sales and trading as well as an overall investment banking fee perspective, the January and the margin was a little bit slower than what was expected. And we saw activity and momentum build up throughout the quarter to where if you had to grade which is three months to the quarter. If you feel best about, it was clearly March. And like I said, we are only nine trading days into the new quarter. But we’ve not seen anything change directionally some of the activity that we saw in March, we’ve continued to see in April.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think as I think you read the response in the proxy, Glenn, you will see this is a core Board duty and they do look at it periodically and think about the optimal company structure, capital structure. So the idea to have a special element around it is really the whole Board looks at it and that’s you should look at it so. And then the technical terms of the what the request is or little hard to understand when you think about how company really operates, but we do look at the question of, do we have the optimal business mix, is it optimal from shareholders and the Board will look at it continuously and we will continue to look at.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Couple of things. And we continue to see Jon if you look at the -- within the consumer space and overall consumer credit, the first quarter typically all other things being equal is the toughest consumer quarter in the first quarter. So I think there is probably a little bit of room there if we continue to see what we see in the economy on the consumer side. The tougher piece of it’s probably to judge commercial because outside of what we see in the small business lending, there really haven’t been many charge-offs and we will just have to see how long that benign environment covers. On the reserve release for the quarter, what they want to make sure that we point out that while we release 400 plus of reserves, 200 of that was from the DOJ where with the mailings you had both charge-offs and reserve release. So as it relates to just from a -- as you look at the provision perspective realize that which impacted the provisions more like 200.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. And I think we said that we clearly expect reserve releases to moderate. So, a lot to see as we roll into the quarters. But I think you are directionally right on your charge-off number and we will see if there is anything left in the reserve releases as we go through the second and third quarters.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think you need to go down to and we laid out in the footnote, but if you start up in the new claim trends, if you recall there is the case going through where the statute of limitations on rep and warrant claims in the Ace case was found, the statute was six years. And if you look at the claims that you see up in the new claim trends, you can see virtually all of those claims were in the pre 2005 through 2006 area. So absent any tolling a good chunk of those are going to be time barred. The other part that I would -- the other point that I would mention is if you go down to the footnote, you can see that the vast majority of these claims were put in with no file worked on whatsoever or no individual loan work that was done. So I think there continues to be obviously activity on that front, but there is not a lot of work being done as those claims are being filed.
Brian Moynihan: Let me -- from a high level, that team has continued to invest in growth. So there’s a couple of things driving that. One is they’re adding more core advisor, so in the last 12 months I think we added 120 experienced advisors and we added almost 900 total. So in that there is a carry cost to bring those up but we’ve -- that's good for the future. The second thing is there’s a little bit of the business mix issue which is that the investment management side of business continues to grow but we’ve seen weakness in the brokers transactional side as the business get reposition and that sort of year-over-year is enough to hit you. And then third frankly is that the NII that Bruce point out earlier, just the way we allocate and we won’t let businesses take an excuse for intercompany allocations. But the way we allocate year-over-year, a big chunk of the NII losses just to the way we allocate out the impact from the market and less NII.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think as Bruce talked about earlier, if you think about the couple of broad things. One is as we continue to drive to be the core checking account for households, we’re seeing higher sales, we’re seeing higher primary sales but with that comes less fees in a sense but the average balances are higher. And so what you’re seeing is a lower -- the flattening of the fees, charge on accounts overdraft and other fees, while you see an increase in the consumer balances which in this environment were something that we worth a lot more as rates rise because these are core checking account. So yeah, there is some elements that how the business has been shipped and based on our priority of getting -- making sure that we just don’t have a lot of checking accounts, we have a lot of core checking account and that has caused it. So you’re seeing a far faster growth in balances and actually slight decline in total check accounts out there. When you put debit fees and other fees plus the interest rates together which is a core checking revenue, it’s actually a better picture. But that’s kind of the story there. On the credit card fees, it’s -- basically we have absorbed most of the compression on the interchange at this point in the rebase we give. So really year-over-year you had a bit of loss there because we added a divestiture of a big Affinity program, two big Affinity program that hurt us. And you should expect to see that a little bit more inline with our spending growth going forward which has done about 3%, 4%.
Brian Moynihan: So, Mike, as we said, our goal is to continue to drive toward the 1% return on assets and depending on where we end up with capital between 7.5% and 8% tangible common equity ratio that we translate into 13 to down to 12 return on tangible common equity. In this quarter, we move to up to where we have our return on tangible common equity was 8%. And so return on assets was 64 basis points, so we serve two-thirds of the way to that goal.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think if you adjust our earnings this quarter for a couple of things, the FAS 123, the FAS 91 and then we continue to think of LAS normalizing. You see us get close to that goal and that should happen between now and the end of ‘16 because we just keep chunking away at LAS as we described here.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. Mike, I think the way you ask that, we especially have to give you our earnings estimates for ’15 and we just don’t do that. But our targets long-term, we’ve told you each time you asked us is a 1% return on assets and a 12%, 13% return on tangible common equity based on what we think our tangible common equity ratio will settle out.
Brian Moynihan: We made $4 billion in change last year against the expectation by unit you and your colleagues of -- I don’t know $15 billion that clearly did meet the financial targets to litigation we took last year.
Brian Moynihan: So the insights we have and you look at the returns on page two and three of the material show that the core businesses return above our cost of capital. And that the mix between them and the revenue synergies and the diversity we get have been there but let’s backup. A lot of people are looking at here, Mike, is can you simplify your company to make it tighter. We started that in 2010 was about $2.5 billion and we are trading that as we are down to 2.1. We started with about $7 billion in capital or $8 billion in capital, up to $140 billion and we started by getting rid of the 60 operating businesses and so we’ve done a lot of implications. What’s really left and this is one of the reason why our market business is more constrained its growth prospects potentially than some other peoples because we keep it to about a third of the franchise in terms of size. And that market business is really focused on driving the value of our issuer side customers going to the market and then with our investor side customers providing sources of capital for that, so it’s a very synergistic basis. So, we’ll continue to provide insight but if you look at it, the businesses return of other cost of capital and then if we put them out there, the question would be, what we be look like after and we have capital we can’t deploy and we have less earnings powers.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think number one, in terms of -- we received approval for what we asked, which is a nickel a share dividend and $4 billion of stock buyback in the CCAR. And we had to be conservative in that ask, leaving aside the modeling and other questions, but just had to be conservative based ask, because if you think about it, our run rate of earnings was such that we’re coming off of $4 billion plus earnings score. We had to keep our head on in terms of how we’re accumulating capital and make sure we earned the capital before we paid them. The second thing is that the [$0.2 billion] [ph] of cushion shows that based on all the works at CCAR, we have a strong cushion going forward. So the key for us to be able to increase the dividend and continue to push forward is to get that normalized earnings stream in a couple of quarters, $3 million plus of earnings we’re getting. Long-term, we’ve said many times our ultimate goal is to take about 3% of our recurring earnings and pay it out in dividends and then to use the rest for capital management. At this price we would be buying stock back and if there is a different scenario where our multiple to book and earnings multiples are higher, we might pay additional dividends, but the goal would be about 30% payout ratio of recurring earnings as we get there.
Brian Moynihan: I think, the Nancy what you asked is really the core question, which is, if you look a few years ago when we put core capital Global Markets out as a separate reported segment to ensure that people saw that that was a less volatile earnings stream than people perceived and it was not the earnings stream of the Global Banking segment, high investment banking which you could see the fees up or down and were relatively stable in clearly the loan book and treasury services. So we tried to sort the businesses so people can see what we’re doing in the global markets. Based on our capital and based on our view of how the franchise fit together, we keep that business about a third of our total size. This total balance sheet deployed is under $600 billion and had them for years. That then requires Tom and the team to make a series of choices how they deploy that based on our appetite for risk expressed by VaR, our appetite for size expressed by the $600 billion which other people have far bigger balance sheet to deploy the business. And that does limit their ability to take risk and do certain things. So there is a mix issue based on this quarter. In other quarters we performed better relatively and that’s this issue, but from a core standpoint, it’s not an existential question at all. It is an actual determination we made to have our 50 buffer lower, to have our overall risk lower and demand to company which is really customer focused on the core banking middle markets franchise and the core investors. It’s still be big enough to be very impactful number one research house in the world and have $3.5 billion to $4 billion of revenue in the giving quarter. We had to basically optimize around size capital, capital deployment business and then the risk we’re willing to put in the P&L and that’s where we ended up. And that’s resulted I think 100 basis points less SIFI buffer requirement than other people. And we think that’s balanced because with our book of business if we increased that we’ve got to carry that 100 basis points across the whole franchise, not just the market business, and that extra capital in our balance would really increase the capital requirements that really not needed for our core banking business.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I mean -- no, we’re always never happy because we always wanted to do better. I mean, that’s not -- but on the other hand, it’s fair to say that we are not unsatisfied when we make almost $1 billion after tax in the quarter where they were -- where they had a couple of big elements, this mix in the macro businesses which we are positioned in on purpose. And then secondly remember the core part of our business we are still adjusting to which was the leverage finance transaction business, which you can look at is down dramatically year-over-year as we adopted the guidance and they were -- what was acquired. That’s through the numbers now, and then we will build back based on that business doing it the way that meets the regulatory standard. So happy, we are never happy with any business. We are always pushing them to do better, but given the constraints there is an understanding I would say more than happiness of where we ended up.
Brian Moynihan: Just as we said there is a bid ask on the RWA related to commercial credit factors and models. There was a bid ask and operating risk. We closed that out. And we’ve actually moved our RWA to a number of those asks. And then from then, we just look at it very simply, think about the last four quarters versus last year and just taking up third and fourth quarter, you have a complete change in the amount of litigation expense that’s gone through the enterprise and you see that keep going through. It will take a while for that to average out, but basically assume that we’ve agreed to with amount which was requested to bring our op risk and we put that through last quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I mean, we’ve had some retirements of people worked in the business for 25 years, Henry and team, and it’s just the ebb and flow of business, I don’t think there is any major issues going on there. I think that [Thong Nguyen] [ph] and team have done a good job and stabilized that business and brought it back. We continue to work on the prime brokerage side to make sure that we can be positioned to sort of restart that engine of growth. Now that -- now we had both the business back, we got the operating platform in place where we wanted to be [indiscernible] not this past fall but fall before. So I think you shouldn’t be thinking into that other than usual ebb and flow of people deciding to do other things.
Brian Moynihan: The average deal last year I think was 100, for highest end producing FAs which there were 100 up -- 120 up. The average deal was like 127 -- 1.27 times going to others that might that are fly to us and that’s, don’t know the exact number to think conceptually. So the rumors about these payoffs are probably far in excess. The reality is only 120 people or so. So take whatever number. So let’s broaden out the productivity question, the productivity per advisor in our business is extremely strong and has sort of structurally been strong for many years and continues to increase. You wouldn’t mine eluding that to get faster long-term growth prospects of the business and broaden out the business and that’s what John and team are doing, whether it goes down and not really going to be a factor. How fast the revenue stream grows. It’s been our growing net impact of investing in the loan business. But we aren’t, yes, so I wouldn’t -- I would say it’s going to go down or up based on the added younger advisors, but let’s flip that and say, there is the way we think this business has to drive for our competitive advantage as franchise, there is a linkage from preferred to Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and the interactions between the financial services centers and the people come in there and tens of thousands people that get referred to Merrill is a competitive advantage for Merrill. And we will continue to drive that, part of that connectivity is we are now putting Merrill team-based brokers in the branches to work with clients and ultimately move physically onto the team in the offices. So we’ve got a lot of program going. They seem to be working very well. It could dilute the productivity a little bit, but it would immaterial because of the strength of the core franchise is so strong.
Brian Moynihan: Not the Corporate Bank where the energy exposures would be so. It’s back to basically where it was, not the highest point, because it’s ran up right before the crisis. But if you look back it’s higher than it wasn’t say 4 and 5 at this point right on. So you just start to see the normalization of that borrowing, which is good news, because that means the people borrowing the money to do something.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. I think generally thematically if you think about as we see rules come up, we try to get in full compliances as fast as possible even though there is delay dates. And then you can then work back on how to continuously improve the way you get there but first thing you guys do is get over the humps because it affects every other aspect of the franchise. And so I think the LCR and case set we got over the hump 17 is two years away still and we are in compliance and then the idea is that you keep to figure out how that work to dies to make it more and more shareholder friendly overtime, but the first we want to make sure we can do.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think what we wanted to disclose, Matt is that I think they were coming out of the disclosure that we had in the K. There were a lot of questions and you are absolutely right that what we disclosed today was the requested amount from our banking regulators to exit parallel run that was the outcome. We have discussions continue but we did want to put out there what the ask was.
Bruce Thompson: I think those things are always hard to predict, but we are obviously working hard to get through it over the next quarter or so.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah. You asked a very good question, which is that -- to the extend that there is an adjustment in the RWA, you obviously as you look to refine and improve your models, always have the ability to work hard to get that back if there is obviously a lot of scrutiny with respect to models. But your point is spot on is that there would be the opportunity as we work through and look to refine improve and become better with our models to get some of that back over time.
Bruce Thompson: There was some servicing of loans that was moved, as well as the outright sale of some non-performing loans. So there was some inorganic activity but as you look at those reductions, it was very strong from both organic as well as inorganic. And I would say the other thing that we are seeing Paul is just less new delinquencies coming in than we what we would have expected. So you’ve got the benefit of less coming in. You’ve got the benefit of working through some of what you have and then we are supplementing that with moving additional out.
Bruce Thompson: We have been using as an advantage. If you go back and look at the results, I think we were one of the first out there that started to move those loans in the first half of 2014. We’ve been aggressively doing that both to take the risk of the loans off as well as to move the servicing. And I think as if you look at the impact of that and how it flows through different things, you really get a good sense, Paul, when you look at some of the CCAR results where the loss content that we have particularly within both first mortgages as well as home equity has come down. So we have been at that for some time at this point.
Bruce Thompson: So I think as we think forward remember, you saw a good capital built this quarter and we will continue to build. But remember that we keep on the course of earnings that we expect and the issue was in CCAR last year when we asked, you had to remember we came off a really low just nominal earnings environment. And so we came with a lot of capital between now and next time. We’ve been asked to change the capital position of the company and we have a big cushion. So we will close this gap relatively quickly. And then we have a longer-term question of what you are saying which is as op risk runs off how do you get that reflected all coming your capital requirements and same with the models and the other side.
Bruce Thompson: I think couple of things Glenn. First is that we are coming -- in many respects we were 35, 36 at the end of the year, we went to 45, 46 this quarter. Keep in mind a chunk of what you see as far as becoming more asset sensitive is just the FAS 91 that we lost during the quarter. So keep that in mind. And to your point, you are exactly right if you looked out where we were at year end, I think we were just over in the 21 to 22 benefit from short rates moving and that has not changed materially. So to your point the asset sensitivity is based almost solely on long-term rates and given the deltas that we saw change from the end of the year to the end of the first quarter.
Bruce Thompson: We spent a lot of time on, Jon. We got at the end of the first quarter, we looked at and said during the balance of 2015, what’s the impact that we would see if in effect we rolled the spot throughout 2015, which just means that you don’t get the benefit of the curve as we go through. And if you look at that, it’s roughly a couple hundred million dollars a quarter relative to $10 billion of NII. So we think that we’ve done between the debt footprint deposits. And if you actually look at the clean yields during the quarter Q4 to Q1 that we have done a pretty good job of managing this exposure in what’s been a tough environment. But to your question there is probably a couple hundred million dollars a quarter and risk if you roll the spot.
Bruce Thompson: I think you are absolutely right that we’ve got the bucket filled up this quarter. I think the only thing that’s out there is depending on exactly where we come out from an overall RWA perspective as we exit parallel run that beyond 2015 could there be a $2 billion more preferred sometime during ‘16, that’s a possibility. But you’re absolutely right that based on where we are from an RWA perspective, the buckets filled up. So we don’t see much of any at all in ‘15 maybe a little bit in ‘16 but not much.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah. No, there is an open question out there that you’re absolutely right that for the different CCAR submissions that went in 2015 that those submissions are against the standard ratios. As an industry, we just don’t know the answer. If we’ll test under just standardized in CCAR 2016 or if advanced will be brought in, that’s an open question that’s out there for the industry.
Bruce Thompson: I think if you look at the numbers you can see the difference that we have within our numbers as to advanced. I think the open question that’s out there as you look at moving to advanced in a CCAR scenario is that under advanced you hold the capital for up risk. And then there is the open question if you go to stress test under advanced, what do you do with respect to CCAR in those up risk litigation type item. And like I said, that’s an open question for the industry.
Bruce Thompson: There is no question. There is a procyclical class that does it. That intuitively, I think you’re right but it just until you understand exactly the completeness and the entire picture of what you’re looking at I just don’t want to speculate.
Bruce Thompson: I think a couple of things, so that the shift to the discretionary portfolio, you probably have about $5 billion of that in each of the second quarter and the third quarter of this year and at that point that work is done. I would say as you look at just discretionary mortgage balances and what you’re seeing from a payments for the old stuff that was put within the investment portfolio, you’re probably looking at before the new is that we put on within the business that you are in $10 billion to $14 billion type run-off in each of the next couple quarters, realized all that net interest income doesn’t go away because there is reinvestment of that and there is new loans coming in. But you do have probably two more quarters where we’ll move stuff into securities and obviously that does continue to be a runoff of that portfolio as well.
Bruce Thompson: The RMBS piece I quoted, there were both amounts and litigation for things that were settled, as well as accruals during the quarter. And once again Eric, I will go back to that the -- from an RMBS perspective at this point, we are 98% or 99% of threatened or filed claims on original UPB that we are through. So that’s where we are with the RMBS. With respect to the FX piece, I think if you go back and look at to where we said that we were in October, that we resolved the matter with the OCC. The top-up that we saw in the quarter related to FX with respect to other banking regulators and the results. So the resolution and we’re working through the final documentation of the civil piece of the overall FX work and that’s all included within the litigation reserve during the quarter.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think at this point we walk through. And we said in the last call that we are at the level that we need to be from a overall op risk perspective. And to your point, if you look at the last two quarters relative to when that op risk capital was set, we’ve seen fairly sizeable declines in overall litigation expense. So you obviously work through that, but our belief overtime is that number should be less, not more but we need to deliver that to the shareholder.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah. Most of all that, given that the number I quoted was within the Commercial Bank, that’s almost exclusively outside of the energy space. So it has nothing to do with anything to stress. It just core commercial plans driving more those numbers bottom down in the low 30s and they are now up in the high 30s. Yeah, think of that, when we say Commercial that’s middle market, general middle market for us.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah. Look, I think, the first thing, if you look that, you have to consider as that. As we went through with the different regulatory metrics we needed to get to that that the last metric that we needed to solve for and we wanted to get behind us was the satisfaction of where we needed to be from the LCR perspective in 2017 at both the bank level, as well as the parent and work to the point where we’ve gotten to that point. So from an overall liquidity HQLA perspective we feel very good about that progress. As you look at on a go-forward bases, obviously, the big focus and the reason as a company that we are looking to drive the loan growth that we have is to basically take the access deposits today that are within the investment portfolio and release them from the investment portfolio into two core loan activity to do more with our clients. So as you look at the changes and mix in the balance sheet as far as the built that you’ve seen with cash. I think we are at the point where from an overall balance and where we need to be with the different metrics that we’ve satisfied that at this point and it will be more of a normal course on a go-forward basis.
