Brian Moynihan: So I think broadly stated, I think as we said by many people that have held the position of the year is a capital on the industry is sufficient. And I think there has been a desire to finish up the Basel 3 those rules will come out we think in a few weeks, and like anything else, we'll deal with and we have 11.6% CET1 ratio. Our requirements currently at 10.4% and so we got plenty of capital, and it's built up. So I think from a global competitive standpoint, we've got to be careful here, because the U.S. industry is the best industry in the world and actually does a lot of good for all the countries, including the U.S. and, and frankly the rules applied tend to be more favorable to those outside our country. As we got to be careful to maintain a competitive parity, but in the end of the day, Gerard, you need to finish this and get this behind us and the industry will adopt and move forward and, but they've got to think through the downside of some of these rules and that they could push up outside the industry to non-banks that have the asset classes across the board and non-banks, including mortgage-lending which you referenced, half of it goes through non-banks. And those the resilience those institutions, it's interesting to watch recycles. And then the second thing have to worry about competitiveness overall. But and then also just slowing down economy, 10% increase in our capital levels, would this enable us for making about $150 billion of loans at the margin, and you want our banks to support the economy like we do. So I think all this has to be balanced out as they go to adopt these rules.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So, Glenn, I think Alastair gave you a trajectory which if you look at it from fourth quarter last year to the fourth quarter this year, it gets you relatively flat year-over-year, and as your revenues flatten out because interest-rate movements flatten out, you'll see that as we decline in the quarters, that'll be strong. So, as we think about it - as we think about the forward, we think about the ability to control headcount and have expenses continue to come down, but they're going to stay at a level that's relatively consistent where we are now over time, and the goal is then to grow revenue faster than expense. We've been doing it for many decades, you can see that in our data. And - but the way we do it differs from five years ago to 10 years ago to last year, and that the ability to move the branch configuration around when we had 6,000 branches down to 4,000, or 3,900, 3,800, now it is different from 3,800 to where it might end up. And so, you should expect us to continue to engineer by applying massive amounts of technology. Erica saves a lot of transactional activity, Zelle saves a lot of transactional activity deposits by mobile phone saves a lot of activity. All that goes on, and then what we're offsetting with that is from the decade you talk about we probably went from $2.5 billion of technology initiatives a year to $3.8 billion, and we went - we have a lot more revenue that is compensated for, thinking about in the wealth management business, and those are things we fight all the time. So, we expect to manage expenses in-line with revenue. As we got to '19, we told you that we're going to have to start growing expenses at a modest growth rate relative to the revenue growth rate will outgrow the economy on revenue expense and grow a couple 100 basis points lower, it kind of going to be back in that mode frankly, it just with inflation they kicked up and now we have flattened them back out, and then we'll get back in sync as we move to '24 and beyond.
Brian Moynihan: So our goal is always to maintain it. And Mike, you point out that the toughest times when you have sort of a twist in the interest-rate environment and you can see that at the end of '19 and we got right back into it right after the environment stabilize, but just thinking about the question you asked me a few years ago Mike was - when NII is coming in are going to let it fall the bottom-line, you going to spend it at about 80% plus of it is falling to the bottom-line, which shows you how we position the franchise from the second quarter of '21 until now as we went through the interest-rate - the fast interest-rate raising. So we gave you the specific as you said, the specific expense guidance by quarter. We'd expect that should produce operating leverage that will be it gets tougher and then it will get easier as we start to see the stabilization of deposits and loans and loan growth, you sort of routinely come through in the economy frankly, shaking through whether we're going to have a recession or not. And so we feel good about what we've done, that's why I tried to give that longer period of time that people have the context, it's very different environments how you've achieved at sometimes revenue fell and expense fell faster, sometimes revenue grew and expense grew, but slower and all the different ways. So we'll keep working at it in a key leading indicator we like as we've been able to manage the headcount down as Alastair said earlier and frankly that is in the face of a turnover rate year-over-year which has dropped in half, which is good because we're not training and hiring as many people, and that then sets us up for the second half of the year because that headcount benefit us not really come through the P&L and will offset some of the other inflation.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I can't look, I can't speak to other banks Mike. But obviously we know we are in a privileged in advantage position relative to our client base. I just think it's interesting, you look at our global banking set of results over the course of the past year and a half in particular that's extraordinary resilience. And look, Q2 is tax season, so if you look at the wealth management business for example, deposits were down $9 billion, but we know that paid tax payments of $14 billion, $15 billion, $16 billion last quarter. So there is beginning to be a little more stability and obviously, our focus has always been on transactional primary operating, and we may be seeing the benefit of that in some degree, but will continue -- we show you on slide, I think it was Page 12 of the earnings deck, that's where it is. We showed that last quarter we showed again next quarter. But it's just the Fed's engineering this across-the-board, and we're just reacting to what we see from our customer-base.
Brian Moynihan: I think Jim, one of the things that as we think about deposits, we think about across each of the customer bases and that's what Page 12 shows you. We think about what do they have cashless for that, cash transact and to have cash-in-excess of that. And what happens is, depending on the customer segment that cash moves to the market that excess cash moves the market. But the transactional cash is all with us, that transactional cash far exceeds for us our loan balances. So we have excess transactional cash, in a lot of it is low-interest checking, no interest checking, even if it's a money markets that sort of cushion that you have consumers as a wealthy people, while the consumers and an average consumers maintain to pay their bills and unexpected expenses. So that's what you've seen in that producers, the cost to deposits of $1.24, which is far different than we see other people have and that that's just happens. In other questions how much moves and as Alastair said earlier, we're after tax time now where we have a big wealth management pay-out to the - to tap into the taxes. We also passed the point where people have way passed the point last payments where people will have to that money has been and accounts and still is in their accounts to a large degree as we look at them and they're paying that down slowly. So the average balance in our checking accounts has gone from a high of 11,000, the peak the 10,600 and 10,500 something like that. So all that dynamic, but you got to go back and say, it's the mix of interest-bearing and non-interest bearing is actually a little bit of a misnomer because it's really what the customer uses it the cash for, and they use it to transact and run their household. That's a very stable base and that's what this data shows across time and it's fundamentally a lot higher than pre-pandemic, so consumer $700 billion pre-pandemic $1 trillion now. Checking that if you look on the pages in the deposit descriptions, you'll see those numbers are Page 13, I think it is, those numbers will show you how much is stayed in checking, that's because we have more customers, but more importantly, the average consumer through inflation stuff has more money around. And that provides great crisp for the mill.
Brian Moynihan: Well, that's what the data on Page 12 shows you. That's why we show you this level of detail in our customer bases, our lines of business that many don't show you did demonstrate that differences there for us. And other people maybe there too, I just can't find it in their data. But if you look at that's why we show you page, while we see actually see during the second quarter, you the week-by-week average balance movement and it's as Alastair said earlier that it's very stable in GWIM, it's very stable global banking even in non-interest-bearing piece half of that is excess balance, half of it is earnings credit rates through the GTS process and then you got to be careful that. And you look at the consumer and it's bouncing around the high $980 trillion, depending on the thing and ended at a trillion. And that happens when payroll has happened all stuff. But that's hugely, hugely advantaged pricing, 20 odd basis points in total for the consumer goods. And you asked about CD's, we only have $40 billion of CD's. So we are what our customers are asking for CD rates, we give them to it's just not the core business and then we have the investment side, we push those wealth management flows and the consumer investment flows are part of our deposits moving over to the market when this excess cash.
Brian Moynihan: Frankly, Chris, it's - when we went all through the horizontal review by the OCC and all the practices and everything were changed then. And these - the small number of accounts that are part of this are from that time period. It's just - not the other agencies did anything, and then the consumer bureau had to - sitting around, we kind of cleaned it up this quarter. So that was that one.
Brian Moynihan: It reflects up to the current time, but the accounts were from '16 and before '17. Back when -- remember, the Comptroller Curry did the 3-phase review of all the other firms that they didn't find - you can go look at the data and then hopefully, the next Comptroller will testify in Congress and started in the Obama administration after Wells and then led in the early part of the Trump administration with [indiscernible]. And you can go look at that, that was cleared up, but we've made the changes in those processes at that time.
Brian Moynihan: Betsy, that's kind of what I said earlier. It's been gotten by different ways in different periods of time. But even in the last year, the numbers of branches, I think dropped about from 3,900 to 3,800 and change. And so even as we deployed new ones. And so you're consolidating branches in markets you've been in a long time with lots of branches. The ATM count continues to drift down. But importantly, if you go to the digital pages and look at the activity levels by customers - and you're speaking mostly the consumer business, but affects all customer bases. And you see things like Zelle transactions far exceeding checks. Remember that - what that means is that we don't have to process a check on the back end of that. And so, and then your process it, push it through. So all that continues to grow very quickly and continues to change the overall operating costs in our consumer business. Our cost of operating plus the cost of pays and deposits is still 130-odd basis points or whatever, it's very strong. If you go where the big moves are coming as what we're doing in the markets business, for example, in terms of deeper, deeper digitization, it was always - equity trading was already digitized, but the operational process behind that the throughput of the amount of stuff that's going straight through. And then what's behind that also on the wealth management to customers getting their statements and statements not being delivered to customers' home, but delivered that kind is of $0.5 billion annual benefit that's accumulated over time. And so if there were some magic thing you could pull, you'd pull it, but these are a whole bunch of operational excellence ideas, it seems [indiscernible] to the general public, but it just is a constant improvement of the platform, allows us to constantly manage people down as a percentage of work done by people always comes down. And then now with artificial intelligence and all enthusiasm, we decided that's in the future, the way we've applied it so far has enabled us to do things like our business bankers are more efficient at culling because we use artificial intelligence and programs to tell them which prospects they go to, not to tell - they know their clients and they run it, but which prospects they should approach first so they're more efficient or the adviser match, which has an intelligence base built into it to match a client to an adviser that's - you saw the statistics about the number of leads, 20,000 leads. All this is adding efficiency. So yes, the brand system has got - it's come down a slope and that slope is starting to flatten out. But in that slope is a massive reinvestment in rehabs and a massive opening. And then more and more deposits over top of that, which keeps that efficiency going.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Erica, we started working on probably eight years ago now. They do a natural language processing capability that could answer questions that we can make sure the answer was what we wanted to be and every - and on our proprietary systems. And so it's an algorithm that anticipates the answer to a question, but it comes from our data and it looks in your account. But those 165 million interactions in the last quarter, all of them would have been an e-mail, a text, a phone call, and they were all done through the customer entering it into Erica and getting an answer, and then going on and it started. But that will just keep expanding to become a higher and higher functionality. It is a - start at a methodology, which these new programs are far in excess of that, but they're not tested on data, they hallucinate and all these wonderful things that you hear the experts talk about that have to be carefully controlled before you apply. But Erica is using some of the same principles but applied in a very controlled environment. And by the way, when we do it with our drafting the [indiscernible] credit offer memoranda or we do it with a business - targeting that we talked about. All those are ways that we apply, but it's a very controlled setting. So it still has a lot more out there, frankly, as it gets understood better and how it works better and how it can be - attribution, accountability, those types of things have to build in. But Erica, that was built in from the start.
Brian Moynihan: So as Alastair mentioned earlier, there's been a 10-year change in how we work in the overdraft area. And the biggest - and another set of changes were made and fully implemented in the third quarter of last year. So they're in the current run rate. It's just the year-over-year comparisons, this quarter picks up a little bit of pre - final changes to post. So if you look at the FDIC data, I think we're down to $30-odd million a quarter or something like that. And overdraft fees compared to others that are multiples of that. But we've -- it's all through the system. It's all done and all the changes required under the recent announcements and stuff that have been made for a couple of years. So it's in the run rate, so to speak.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, the linkage of the digital activity to produce the many quarters of operating leverage at the last 8.5 years, et cetera, is an absolute tie in, and Betsy asked about the branch count and all the things that we've done. The efficiency ratio for us is as a plain element, which is the wealth management business is a big part of our revenue base and has a different operating dynamic because of how it's reported. As you well know, that the revenue has the cost of compensation as a percent of revenue is high. And we basically make 50 cents on the dollar for every dollar past the revenue takeout, which - the adviser compensation level. And we're continuing to try to improve that and make the adviser more efficient and things like that, but that's a major change. We improved year-over-year. And frankly, we're still cleaning out some pandemic-related costs and things like that. So we'll continue to drive that down. And as net interest income has come up and more important part of the business that helps push that efficiency ratio back down. And that's the goal. I mean, you're describing what we go to work and do every day. And the way we do it is - the application of technology across the board. And then removing work in the system and bringing that out and bringing it to the bottom line and then making the investments we did to make it happen again. So we'll continue to do that. But the efficiency ratio, remember, for us, if you go lines of business is best-in-class. It's just we have a bigger mix towards the wealth management business than most other people.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. It will continue to allow us to do more with the same amount. So if you think about from '19 to now, Mike, remember, the number of customers who do their core checking list is up 10%. So it's not a - and that is a lot of people. It's 3 million more customers doing 20, 30 transactions a month, and all that's going through on a relatively flat expense base. And we've been - we've had - with inflation and wages and things, we've absorbed all that as part of the thing, and that's why the costs have changed. But the reality is we flatten that back out, and then we'll keep driving it back down. And that - if you look at the cost of deposits, which is the cost of running all that as a percentage of deposits, you can see that on the consumer page, it still maintains a nice break against the rate they would receive for the deposit balances. So we're working at it. Simply put, we had 100,000 people in the consumer business a decade-plus ago. We now have 16 going - and it comes down a little bit every quarter. Even though we're putting new branches with an average of 5 to 10 people and depending on the location and things like that going on. And so that just keeps going in the right direction. Now if you take that across other things, in our operations group, the team there continues to have flat headcount, down headcount, and we invest that back in the technology side for more developers, 20-odd thousand on our payroll plus another 10,000 or 15,000 of third parties that go through, frankly, the top lines. And so we keep trying to drive it in to make us more efficient. So all the principles you're saying is right, and we expect it to continue to have a benefit.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you for joining us all. As you think about the quarter, strong profitability, strong 15% return on tangible common equity or better. Continued to drive organic growth, continued to drive our operating leverage. And if we gave you clarity on the future path of expenses and NII, but above all else in the quarter where we've had a strong capital markets performance and a strong investment banking performance, I think, along with our other usual great performance of business, and we feel good about the company and its position going forward. Thank you.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, Gerard, I don't think much has changed for us. We've talked about the fact that for us, it's this idea of balance that's key. And if you look at our disclosures around interest-rate risk over the course of the past couple of years, you'll see it's more balanced both upside and downside and it's a narrower corridor over time. So we're trying to sustain NII at a higher level for longer, that's what we're trying to engineer. So, I think going-forward, there won't be a lot of change to our philosophy in that regard. We feel like we're in a pretty good position in terms of balance, will be tweaking at the margin. But what will largely drive things from here is just normalization of deposits and good old fashioned loan growth.
Alastair Borthwick: Glenn, look, the only thing I would just add to what Brian just said. We put up 16.2 in the first quarter, we were 16-ish this quarter obviously. We kind of feel like next quarter just with all the work that we've done around headcount and getting the firm in the place that we want now, we feel like we are well positioned to deliver 15.8 this quarter. If and when we keep going, we think we're going to be somewhere around 15.6 or so in Q4. So, to Brian's point, number one, we like the trajectory now. We've shaped the headcount over time to get to the place where we want to be. And that would compare, I think Q4 last year was 15.5, so when you talk about that sort of flattish idea in an inflationary environment, we feel like that's a pretty good way to end this year and a pretty good way to set up for next year.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So we got the final stress capital buffer along with the rest of the industry in August. So we'll wait for that, obviously. And then, Betsy, I think we'll likely have to wait for Basel 3 final clarity. That's still moving, and so we don't have the proposed rule yet. Then we have to wait for the comment period, then we got to wait for the final rule. So there's a lot that needs to go on before we get full perspective. But I think Brian said it well. I mean we've got plenty of capital. We've been buying back enough shares to offset the share dilution. And we've got flexibility to do a little bit more. So the other thing that you see over the course of the past year is obviously stress capital buffer last year, we had to add 90 basis points. Well, we've added 110 over the course of the past year, and capped return on tangible common equity around 15% while buying back shares. So we've got the flexibility to do a little bit of everything. But I think we want to see what the final rules look like before we make too many decisions.
Alastair Borthwick: Dan, I think you nailed it. That's sort of been - you just - you watch our - if you look at our charge-offs, for example, that's mainly about loan growth and a little bit about the rate picking up just a little bit, but it's still well below pandemic. You can see that. And fourth quarter '19 was a great quarter for asset quality and cards. So it gets back to this idea that the consumer is still in a pretty healthy place. You can see that in the unemployment statistics, and you can see it in the way that they're just continuing to spend a little bit more money year-over-year. So I feel like the - we've been pretty consistent. The consumer is pretty resilient. That remains the case, and we're benefiting it from right now in the card experience.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So if you go back to - we talked about this at the end of last quarter, Charles. At the end of last quarter, it was an interesting time for the industry. And we felt like it was prudent to just build cash during a period like that. And so that's what we did. And it's - it was obviously, an extraordinary period. Since then as the environment is normalizing, I'd anticipate and I talked about that earlier, you'll see our cash levels just continue to come back down. And so that's all that's happening. It's a choice on our part to position with cash, and you'll begin to see that drift lower now.
Alastair Borthwick: No, it shouldn't really impact RWAs because most of that is sort of low or zero RWA. What it should impact is, if you look at our net interest yield, that's always a question of numerator and denominator. And when we increased the cash balances, that inflates the denominator for a period of time. So that doesn't hurt NII, but it does inflate your balance sheet just a little bit. So I think as you look forward, what you should expect is we just get back to work on both parts of that numerator and denominator will grind away at the NII side. And then on the denominator side, we'll have a smaller, more efficient balance sheet as the environment normalizes. And in the meantime, it hasn't hurt NII in any way.
Alastair Borthwick: So all of our asset disclosures reflect the betas that we believe at the time. So that part is always in the disclosures. It's too early for me to say on 2024. We're giving guidance for the rest of the year, so you have a pretty good sense of what we're pretty confident around. But last time I looked at the forward curve, we had one, possibly two hikes this year and then as many as five declines next year. So there's a lot between here and there. And I think we'll just assume to take the next three to six months to figure out, Erika, exactly how we feel about '24.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, you lost me a little. But I'll say this. We've got - it's actually done $3.6 billion. It's not done $3 billion. So that's number one. Number two, you should think about the short term being the vast majority of that. And number three, part of the reason that I think we feel like we've narrowed this corridor, and we've got a little more stability around it is, A, the securities book. And B, just as importantly, there's been a large rotation into interest-bearing. And so as rates in a disclosure like this, as rates come down, one would expect that we'll be somewhat insulated from that in a different way than we might have two years ago when we didn't have as much interest-bearing.
