Brian Moynihan: Matt, in the fourth quarter we did reduce headcount in the business, the markets businesses and the related capital markets business, we didn’t make big announcements, but that led to the $130 million in severance in the fourth quarter numbers you see. So it will continue to adjust that headcount. Tom and his team will continue to adjust, as they made an adjustment headcount for the quarter just did not make quite the press other people’s did.
Brian Moynihan: You should expect us to make good progress, Matt, towards this year and so as you look towards the end of the year we should be getting there.
Brian Moynihan: Sure, look as we said in comments we have got reserves against that energy portfolio of $500 million, that is 6% of the high risk subsectors and we developed reserves on incurred basis, we developed them by looking at loss give default, probability of default, exposure to default. We go loan by loan we have lot of imprecision, other factors if you look at imprecision, we put judgement on all of that. One of the things we look at when we come up with our judgment of what we should be is our stress testing and so that’s how that gets factored in, to our reserve which again has to be on an incurred basis.
Brian Moynihan: In part that because the idea is it can only incur what you see through today in terms of the operating structure these companies and asset based on lending, these are asset based loans, these are based loans. [Audio Gap] if you are nine quarters from now and oil is still at that price you’d have to have a reserve for what’s left of the portfolio of the exposures been coming down, it will come down during those nine quarters, by losses you took at least in resolving this credit. So it's in part covered, but not fully because that’s an estimate of our future that we as Paul said it’s an incurred view of the portfolio.
Brian Moynihan: John, we have not seen a scenario as yet and stuff like that, so I think it is probably premature to discuss that. Our goal is long term is to return more and more capital to shareholders through dividend and stock buybacks, at this price obviously stock buybacks are favored, but when we see the scenario and play that out it would be getting ahead of the process and talk about today.
Brian Moynihan: I won't say don’t say that’s why, but honestly there is a benefit from paying off those trust preferred they had I think with the $175 million in quarter and so there is a benefit there. But the way I would think about those is we’re not going to “replace them” because they don’t count toward our regulatory capital, so why would we replace them? We're going to have a capital structure that meets our regulatory requirements which requires a certain amount CET1. We are going to have the appropriate amount off preferred and something that’s and - of course we have to meet – so that’s how I would think about it.
Brian Moynihan: John, if you look at it – what was affecting us '13, '14 was we've continued to run our portfolios that yield to them. And obviously the reinvestment rates on the investment side of the house as we ran those off were flattish. That is kind of all run through the system, so now what we’re seeing is $80 billion of a period deposit growth from fourth quarter last year and this year and the overall pay rate for that is in the low single digit basis points all for, all the consumer wealth management and driven by middle market and the banking business. So that is the deposit funding side. And the asset build is now good core loans that have reasonable yields to them and you start to see it and then pick up just a hair from that. And we expect it to drive in our core as long as the economy continues to grow a couple of percent.
Brian Moynihan: We thought a little bit, but not as much as we had in the past, that not as much as we had in the past.
Brian Moynihan: Well, Paul definitely three is the total portfolio. So there is a normal piece in that and an abnormal piece of that that we should be driving it down to the 60 days 103, across both portfolios that number should come into I don’t know pick up a percent or percent and a half of the service loan unit. So it still got some room to go and that's the key that I think Matt has pointed out earlier is the FTE headcount in LAS we had a 2000 person headcount drop in the company overall in the fourth quarter about half LAS have the rest of the company. The LAS percentage rate is with 8 percentage points not annualized for the quarter at 30% is still dropping its headcount but is getting flatter now we get all the old cost drive out of the portfolio. So, in terms of thinking about real estate, old systems and stuff and so that’s what takes a little more time now than just the people cost .
Brian Moynihan: And Jim, remember that modeling is not 40% of everything. It is a lot nothing and a lot less for the first couple of months. So I think that’s what you’re thinking about, so if we continue along with one or two rate raises, there will be a lot more captured than as it gets on to the higher.
Brian Moynihan: Well if you look at the full-year 2015 and you do those puts and takes for the things that we’ve talked about for the year and you make any sort of a reasonable guess as the progress we’re going to make around LAS, we’re sort of in the kind of 65ish range, we’re going to continue to focus on growing responsibly and working on our total expenses as we have talked earlier and so with a little help from growth and some more work on expenses we think we’re in shooting range .
Brian Moynihan: I think to give additional color, if you think about it, if you go back a couple of years we grew the international business because we had to round out that franchise. We sort of slowed that down 24 months ago that started to drop in terms of growth rate and so because of the client selection criteria there is very high levels - very high clients multinational clients et cetera, but we slowed it down just to keep the company in balance and that’s been on watch. If you think about the consumer you know there was a prime no longer FICO scores if you look at the coming on FICOs are higher than the portfolio still which is almost hard to believe, the charge-offs, delinquencies and both home equities, delinquencies across the wide score are going to continue to come get lower every year. This year was the lowest they have been, probably a long time in both the credit card and in home equities. And if you look at the client selection U.S., a couple things, one is you’re adding officers in the middle market business, but they are going after our target clients and this is not go find the industries etcetera. So whether it is the way you land a commercial real estate which is down – which is very high end real estate developer etcetera, the way we land in this middle market is very strong. So if you look across it is client section in the middle market business has been strong. The best that we're seeing is things in our business banking, small business portfolio are actually starting to see growth there sticking to our credit risk which is the first time in many years we had to run off some stuff it came in through style Merrill and everything else that we are finally seeing nominal growth. And so I think it is client selection, we slowed down international. It sort of follows watching and in fact using your stress to make sure you stay balanced and if you look at us, yes we feel we're pretty balanced between the consumer and commercial sort of 50-50 and there within the consumer we’re really sticking to our knitting which is very strong high quality, above that credit worthy borrowers.
Brian Moynihan: It is coming from both. The reality is that the number one issue they are facing in the wealth and investment brokerage services revenue line is the decline in transactional revenue, and it has gone from two years ago probably $600 million a quarter -- even in not robust market times down to $300 million, $400 million in a quarter in net debt and that is part of the pay down for the annuity streams, even though they are having record net flows, it is just the pay, the revenue rate on that is less, and so that's the factor. So, it is not to do with really recruiting, and the production per FA continues to be solid at 1 million plus. It is really that core fundamental issue that they’re facing and that transition is overall gone through. It is getting to the point where it is becoming less material and, i.e. material to the total revenue line from the transaction side.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, just I think people have to think about, Steven, the margin has come down, we think it’s flooring out here and will start to pick back up in part because of some of the unfundamental changes in the ATP program running off and stuff, but we have invested in a PMD program, it cost a few hundred million dollars of drag to do that, that’s the right thing to actually build advisor base over time to service the clients. And the team; if you look at it underneath, the U.S. -- the flows and stuff are strong in the U.S. trust business. It is having some of its best quarters ever just because of the difference, and that it didn’t have the secular run off you referred to in terms of the fee based business. So it’s a good business, it does a good job to its clients. We expect more out of it and that is the job for John and Keith, and Andy and Terry to go forward.
Brian Moynihan: We are - we feel good about our mills and mining exposure. It is about $8 billion, but most of that exposure is much more short dated and much more collateral, so we feel good about that exposure.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, that's not a bad way to think about it. Again remember our guidance from last quarter we said $800 million to $900 million for the first two quarters of 2016 and the way I will think about those two quarters would be, we'll see some lumpiness. But the one thing overall is that as you look at the question on the exposure that we’re also paying close attention to is it sort of a demand or supply issue for oil prices, and if it’s a supply issue that affects these companies and related companies demand and demand from, but if it is a demand in the broadest context, i.e., economies need to continue to slow down and that’s the broader concern.  So we’re looking at not only the impacts in all the portfolios, thinking about who gets the benefits on our portfolio basis from low energy cost which are serious benefits to the consumers and companies that consume energy versus those producing it. And so, there is a balance here that we’ve got to think through right now that’s pretty isolated the energy companies, and even if you look at consumers who work for them in our basis by ZIP code and unemployment levels and stuff, we’ve seen relatively modest deterioration in the consumer side before employing these businesses. So, I think as you are thinking about it, the real question is going to come down to you for 2016 in terms of all our industriesare we in a demand driven issue, i.e., general economic issue, is the United States going to plug along and if it does, then false guidance is the right one. If you are in the supply, it is going to all be localized on these industries.
Brian Moynihan: And the only other thing I would add is, we still have some opportunities to optimize RWA from an advanced perspective, that’s in two fundamental areas. It’s always tough. You can do in markets and other areas, but in two fundamental areas, one is the extra RWA we got on the wholesale side when we exited parallel run, that is not a permanent thing. We need to work on – work with our regulators and hopefully over time we can make some improvements there. The other one is operational risk, we have $500 billion of RWA operations with some of the advanced approach. That is 25% more net higher to bank and that operational risk is for businesses that we are no longer in it with products we no longer sell, it’s for a risk profile that we no longer tolerate. So again that will take time, but that is another opportunity for us to lower RWA through an advanced perspective.
Brian Moynihan: I think a buffer to the capital, we’re thinking we’re basically thinking we need to be above the 10%, we would say 25 to 50 basis points would be where --
Brian Moynihan: Yes, look I’m not sure we are in the business of giving guidance on loan growth. We think we can grow if we’re looking for some perspective from us, I wouldn’t even call it guidance, mid-single digit is what we hope we can accomplish.
Brian Moynihan: I think it’s going to be, continued to be driven by commercial, but you're going to see growth in consumers as well.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we are - in our mortgage business, I think we are focused on originating prime and sort of non-conforming loans. I would - there has been good progress, I think if you look over the last year, the number of non-conforming loans that we are originating has increased meaningfully. And I would remind you that those loans we booked on our balance sheet. So that’s NBI when you’re booking, when you’re selling less loans, it is going to affect your NBI income, but it is going to come through [indiscernible] on a more annualized basis.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think it is interesting, I am considering entirely this is directly 100% correlating we've done all the work, but we’ve added sales professionals in our branches that are focused on originating mortgages that are more prime oriented. We’ve got them working with our GWIM specialists. That client group is generally more prime oriented, and we see progress, we see the prime loans growing.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I would think about that. We spend a lot of time. Our credit people do spend a lot of time just homing [ph] through that portfolio and looking at cash flows from the companies and making sure we understand the collateral, making sure we fully understand our structures, so I think it’s just a lot of locking and tackling and talking to clients and making sure we understand what’s going on with their businesses in terms of the energy portfolio. I would emphasize again that outside of the energy portfolio, we are not seeing movement in NPL and criticize in our assets. Our NPLs continue to come down.
Brian Moynihan: Sure, so in terms of the card, we look at our credit losses. They are at low points, historic low points, and they have been bumping around at that level. We’ve seen a little bit of increase the last couple of quarters, but that again I think is just a reflection of things that's bumping around at really low levels. In terms of the home equity end of draw, based on the volume we’ve seen to-date, which we've seen a lot of volume, the portfolio is performing in line with our expectations and we continue to monitor the end of draw portfolio and continue to work with our customers to manage the risk. And I just would remind everybody that these borrowers have paid through the downturn, and this portfolio continues to improve as home prices improve. The risk is an ongoing part of our reserve process and we think we’re all reserved.
Brian Moynihan: Just on card, and yes it was 30 days, delinquency or 90, they came down during the course of -- from the end of '14, all the way through '15, and in both cases is running at multiple year lows in both percentage wise and nominal amounts, so we’re seeing no deterioration of credit in either of those and the same with of the home equities. It is just in the home equities, we just have a little more clean up because of the legacy portfolio in there.
Brian Moynihan: So Mike when you look at consumer benefits from the oil and gas, just to give you a simple thing, if you look at our card base in the fourth quarter of '15, the spending on debit, credit cards rose 4% from the fourth quarter of '14, and if gas prices would have been stable, they would have grown at 5.7%. And so what that means is consumers had effectively on that base of 1.7% to-date received the benefit of year-over-year. If you translate that to dollars, round numbers as $20 million a day is less spending on gasoline by our consumers in our portfolios per day. And from like $90 million down to $70-ish million or something like that, that is the benefit they get, and so for a large number of consumers median income, the cash flow increases and that gives them more money to spend.
Brian Moynihan: I think Mike, it comes down to a question whether you think this is a - the oil price is a reflection of a broader issue of growth in economies, we’re going to get slow growth 2.5% in the U.S. and IMF [ph] said I guess 3.5% in the world. If you’re going to get that in '16, it is going to be isolated. This negatives could be isolated, the oil companies and related commodity producers just because of slow growth environment. If you are saying this is going to be a much different economic scenario than most [indiscernible] so called consensus predicts. It’s a broader based problem, but right now it's really an oversupply of oil driving prices down, and that’s impacting the people in the industry and rest of the consumers, that means corporate customer and consumers that use oil and energy are getting a good benefit.
Brian Moynihan: As we said, we ran about 9%, it has just been travelling about 9.5% for the year and return to annual common equity. We believe we have a path to get that to 12. Rates get us part of it and hard work on expenses and core revenue growth and driving gets us the rest of it, and so LAS expense drop-in, and we're chipping away that, if you look from '14 to '15, we made substantial steps, and we will continue to drive away. We haven’t put a specific timeframe on it. It’s just a goal to keep driving, and we will drive beyond that. On efficiency, it follows that - as an efficiency, it follows that sort of math. Right now, we are operating 66%, 67%, probably normalized for 2015 and between LAS we can drop that down to 65%, and that is just hard work and we’re grinding away every day. You're seeing loans grow, you're seeing deposits grow, and so you should see improvement in 2016.
Brian Moynihan: Expenses are on our mind every day at Bank of America. We have - everybody focuses on expense discipline that’s translating to our culture under our simplified and improved program where the teams are always coming up with ideas to make it simpler for our customers, to make it simple for our employees, and improve the expenses of the company, that is how we’re going to achieve our objectives around core expenses that we talked about on this call. We’re all very focused on expenses.
Paul Donofrio: The other thing I will add Matt is my focus is on core expenses. We’re still – we’re going to see core expenses I think continue to come down as we work on LAS and continue to hopefully see some moderation in legal expenses.
Paul Donofrio: Okay. I think we've made great progress in terms of getting expenses down I think we started at what $3.1 billion quarters ago, but we've made great progress getting down to $800 million. We are – our next milestone is $500 million per quarter. That’s going to be a little bit harder, as you get lower and lower it will be more unpredictable and so we’re not really giving up a target at this time, but we’re going to get there as soon as we can.
Paul Donofrio: … we got $500 million reserve, as we go theoretically goes to the nine quarters if that $700 million would come true of our model is perfect, it would go against that $500 million to be building reserves as you went through that process. So if you told me what you want at the end of nine quarters, that if you want to end at $500 million you can do the math if you want it to end up that more or less it's going to be more or less in terms of you kind of built.
Paul Donofrio: I think you got it, I think we have a legacy we have a large legacy portfolio on the consumer side as we continued to work through that. And if home prices continue to stay where they are and improve the economy stays we’re already improved. I think you are going to continue to see reserve from us in 2016, our reserve releases as I should say from us in 2016, but they are going to moderate from what they have been in the past.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, that some of that swings over to the commercial book, yes as we saw this quarter, Betsy. So we have come down from a lot of reserve releases last year, $800 million or so in the fourth quarter last year $7 million or $8 million or so in the fourth quarter last year certainly is heardings down to the two couple hundred million is expect that to kind of mitigate during the course of 2016.
Paul Donofrio: I think we feel good about the operating leverage we achieved in 2015. You can see that with the revenue growth relative to the EPS growth and I think we are looking to continue that trend. We have a little bit of a tailwind here on rates we're going to continue to manage expenses carefully. So in terms of our EPS in 2016 we don’t give estimates, but in terms of EPS growth in 2016 I think it will be more of the same revenue growth with some hopefully expense discipline that will get us a some operating leverage.
Paul Donofrio: Sure, the short answer is that we have seen no real movement of course we’re very focused on making sure that we paid appropriate deposit rate, but so far there has been no movement and we have been modeling deposit betas on our interest building deposits in the high 40s.
Paul Donofrio: We think that makes sense and given the quality of our deposit base as Brian sort of kind of walked through already the portion we have in our consumer and GWIM franchises, the number of primary checking accounts even on the wholesale side if you look at our deposits less than 5% of them are 100% runoff deposits. So we feel good about our $1.2 trillion deposits we took even this year the deposit rating came down another basis point to 4 basis points for the all deposit, so we feel good about that modeling.
Paul Donofrio: As we model ourselves and look at sort of the peers and so that average efficiency by business units and model against our business mix we’re going to be little higher, high level wealth management in our business relative to total. But look three things on this, number one we will continue to drive – drive it down and funding all the growth in FTE for sales side we get 6% growth in consumer FTE sales side, 3% wealth management, 6% or 8%, maybe 8% global banking year-over-year. So we’re paying for all that – paying for all the incentives attached, we are paying for all the infrastructure attached to it. So we're going to continue to drive it down. So just rest assured that is. And then we are not satisfied in the mid-60s efficiency ratio of the company and we should be able to drive that down and it will come from both, its hard work as we say with the rate lift and stuff which affects -- we're still affected a little bit more by the low rates structure and other people we should pick it back up. But don’t think we are complacent on this.
Paul Donofrio: We are - outside of energy, we are not seeing asset quality change nor are we see a reduction in appetite for our credit. I would remind everybody that we look we’re very, very focused on our customer framework and our risk framework, but within that framework we continue to see a lot of opportunities that help our customers grow their businesses. If you look at this quarter and you just focus on the core, we had 3% quarter-over-quarter growth or an annualized growth rate of little over 12% or $22 billion, I’m not going to sit here and tell you that is what is going to be next quarter, but we’re not seeing material decline in conversations with our clients about how that thing grows.
Paul Donofrio: I would just remind everybody that we've got significant positive loan base in that business, and so again if rates rise, we are going to see some benefit there.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, I mean if it is not demand, it’s again worth emphasizing. There are a lot of people who are helped by low oil prices that helps our asset quality, not only on the consumer side but also in places like India and manufacturers all around the world.
Paul Donofrio: Well on a standardized basis, I think you’re going to see RWA trend up if we’re able to grow deposits and loans. On an advanced basis, there’s all sorts of puts and takes there. I don’t think you’ll see as much growth as you would on a standardized basis, on an advanced basis yes, as you were on a standardized basis as we continue to work on RWA.
Paul Donofrio: Well we need to get to regulatory from a CET1 under an advanced basis. Our goal is to get to 10% plus or above by 2019. So we’re at 9.8, I feel like we got the time to do that. We're certainly not going to need to take all that time. We would expect to get there soon, but it is impacted changes in rates, changes and OCI, we are returning, we are hopefully returning capital, but we’re not - we feel like we’re on track to get to 10% plus an appropriate buffer there.
Paul Donofrio: From a broader -- leave aside the fees because of the geography and how the accounting works and when you put 60%, 70% loans on balance sheet, in terms of overall production we expect to continue to make progress because you can see that numbers that we’re going to – as other people are flattening out, we continue to have lots of opportunities with our core customers setting out and still that are creditworthy in our customer base, we are still getting to move it elsewhere and that is what the team is chipping away. And it is never going to be the hugest business of Bank of America compared to things like the Merrill Lynch business consumer, the credit card business in consumer, but we expect to get broader market share from each of the segments.
Paul Donofrio: Well, let me take the last one first, so we’ve got a reserve on our energy portfolio of $500 million. That is 6% of those two filled factors that we can call high risk and we have done modeling, stress test modeling at various oil prices. The one we have been talking about on this call has been at $30, and that’s over nine quarters, and so if oil stays at $30 for nine quarters, we would think that our losses over those nine quarters would be $700 million. Again that will go against the $500 we already have reserved, and one would presume we're building reserves during that time period to make up the difference.
Paul Donofrio: And again Mike, the only thing I would say is, I mean Brian is spot on, but the demand issue is kind of we are going to see it in other parts of the economy, however, we have not seen that yet, we have not seen change in our asset quality outside of energy.
