Brian Moynihan: Glenn, it’s Brian. I think at the end of day, banks reflect the economy and help make the economy happen. So, we’ve been able to grow loans 5%, 6% in the core, so the middle market segment, 7% actually year-over-year. Credit card’s been picking up a little bit, home equity’s strong and residential mortgage down. So, if you look at it overall, we’ve been able to outgrow the economy, but we’re going to be dependent upon, the economy keep growing, but what we’re showing across last couple of years with the discipline we have, driving deeper penetration or customers working hard on our relationships, even with repositioning portfolios, you can see in some of the slides and/or making sure that we maintain great discipline, we’ve been able to grow the mid single digits as we’ve told you against the backdrop of economy growing 1.5% to 2%. If that grows faster, we’ll grow faster; if that stays in that range, we should be able to continue to grow at that level.
Brian Moynihan: I think, Glenn, think about it this way is the way people pay each other. So, we don’t charge for it. It’s just service as part of a core DDA account, just like checks or just like an ATM card would be to withdraw. It’s just more efficient for the customer, more efficient for us too ultimately, because the payback will be taking cash out of the system. And so, year-to-date we’re up about -- even before Zelle is announced, for the first quarter, P2P payments Bank of America of 25% first quarter of 2017 versus first quarter of 2016. So, this is growing fast and will continue to grow. And what we’ll do, we’ll swap out other payment forms which cost us more to execute, but it’s free to customers.
Brian Moynihan: John, just one thing to keep in mind there is, remember, we just capitalized or put in the run rate, for lack of better term, $600 million plus fourth quarter, first quarter, and this is on top of that. So that first benefit you think for the year, that benefit is now locked in and moves its way through the system.
Brian Moynihan: The revenue growth assumptions were like we said, if long-term we believe we can grow faster than GDP that growth, and that’s embedded in those assumptions. I think the way for you Steve to think about is look at the global markets year-over-year and what you see there is with that substantial rise in revenue, the expense growth absent, last year we had a credit and litigation issue, we had an expense, so you had a pretty good reversal there; absent that, it was 2% growth and as Paul said, had 6% less people. Comp expenses were up a bit, even though revenue was up quite a bit. So, we can manage against that with the inevitable thing that if revenue grows faster, we may have a little bit more expense pressure. But I think you know we’ll be very happy to see that happen.
Brian Moynihan: I think we have been building our capital year-over-year, and you should expect us to continue to do that since we have both the strong cushion under CCAR. We’ll see what this year’s results, we don’t know yet obviously. But from last year, just extrapolating and also our start point is higher, and our run rate of earnings is now very consistent. So, capital returns part of our story, and we’ll continue to pursue it.
Brian Moynihan: I think when we started few years ago at $70 billion operating expenses to bring it down to this level, it was more obvious. Betsy, now, it’s everywhere, it’s everywhere a little bit, everywhere a lot of hard work. So, headcount generally is drifting down on year-over-year term 4,000 or 4,000 people. That gets harder, but what we’re doing is taking out people and putting them into the front-line in the client-facing roles. And so, we’re seeing that shift go on, continue to work our real estate portfolio down, again through collocations and cities. So, you’ll see us take three buildings in an area and put them in one, and you’ve seen some announcement in that regard. In our data centers, we’re accelerating the process, to consolidate data centers and that helps continue to knock down the number of data centers. It takes $0.5 billion investment to -- or $0.25 billion investment to build one to bring it on, and so you’ll see that go on. And then, it’s everywhere we turn, every place we look, just keep working at the pieces. By the end of the day, continue to watch the FTE headcount numbers drift down and also how we move those around from less managers to more client-facing people and less layers in the Company, which we’ve been after. And so, it is just hard work and across the board using our simplify improvement, what we call organizational health going on in our company, and we’re seeing the aspects of that. By the way, I think last year, in 2016, to give you example, I think we invested -- got about $400 million, $500 million in savings from some ideas, but it took us an investment of couple of hundred million dollars to get that. And so, even that investment rate is important to getting the sales out. And so, we’re now asking to exclude but there is severance cost in here, there is real estate repositioning costs, all of that, which actually comes down as you get further and further towards the optimization level.
Brian Moynihan: I think Gerard this is the focus we’ve talked to you about getting above 100 basis points and with the adjustments of sort of smoothing out the first quarter little bit from the one time, annual expenses occur in the first quarter, you’re getting close to that. That is not a aspiration goal which we’ll stop at. I think it will improve if the rate structure continues to move up and the economy continues to grow, we’ll get above that. But the first order business to get to that sort of we get the returns on tangible common equity and returns on equity where we want them to be. As you’re thinking about that just more broadly, remember that we have a balance sheet of $2.3 trillion or so, and think about $500 billion basically being completely liquid assets. That is a far different cry than we were -- when our balance sheet was sort of at the high point, was $2.7 trillion, and we probably had $200 billion or $100 billion to $200 billion of high-quality assets or whatever the moniker we’ve used back then. That’s going to knock around your yields on your balance sheet. And so, we do focus on ROA in our Company; we also -- because basically is the thing that ultimately drive ROE, there is this equity builds, the ROE can be under pressure just from increases in equity. But, if you think about it, the real driver of the yield on the balance sheet has more to do with the amount of asset you are carrying which are under leverage for purposes of liquidity and safety and soundness.
Brian Moynihan: A couple of things. One is our capital is more than sufficient. We’re very comfortable with it with the tangible common equity ratio, Gerard, thinking about before the crisis of 7.9% and a CET1 of 11%. It was a minimum of 9.5%. We’re -- we have more capital than the Company needs by the different measures, whether it’s a traditional market-based measure or a regulatory measure. So, we’re completely comfortable with that. That leads us to return more capital. You should expect our dividend payout ratio -- for the bigger companies, I think there’ll be more focus of keeping that to 30% level that’s been talked about in the various rules and regulations. And if you go back three or four or five years ago, I spoke to that at one of our industry conferences, I think if you look across time, that level of -- if you think about that level of payout against the earnings stream, there’s very low probability that you’ll have real danger in the dividend -- continuing that dividend even in tough times. So, our goal is never to keep the dividend stable and then use the excess capital to buy the stock back at around book value, we think it’s fair trade.
Brian Moynihan: The thing I’d add to that is if you think about what we did, we took global banking, because we think that is an integrated business, was corporate investment banking with both corporate side and investment banking side or middle market banking what we call global commercial banking again with investment banking capital markets behind, obviously, less than GCIB. We split that out to show you that that business many years ago -- we broke global banking away from global markets to show the distinctness of business, the global banking was more of annuity stream driven by treasury services revenue, lending revenue and then investment banking fees, which ebb and flow based on client activity and returns are fairly consistent et cetera. The flip side was we also want to show I think doing this five-six years ago when we first did it, and have been doing it at ever since, and we are one of the few companies that does it on the global market side. You can see that there is actually more stability in that business in a lot of people’s thought. So if you look on the low end, we might make $600 million, $700 million after-tax and high end we made a $1.3 billion this quarter. But you’ll see this range, and if you look across years of quarters and look at comparative quarters, year-over-year because there is some seasonality, you’ll see, it’s relatively stable. And so, we sort of hit that double-digit level in the worst of quarters and during a year and in the best of quarters, it’ll kick above it. That was again how Tom and the team -- Tom Montag and team run the business, the stability to put in. And then most importantly, was brining expense structure down dramatically five or six years ago, Tom and the team did by almost $1 billion in quarter in operating expense of markets business alone and then maintaining it there and continuing to push it down where revenues have stabilized and come back up.
Brian Moynihan: I would say -- I could say consistent and if you look at spending, I think it actually maintained its pace through the quarter, as an indicator of their behavior March was a stronger month and the first two months of the quarter. And now you can get into day counts and movements around which we can solve but just we didn’t see any fall off in terms of the behavior in spending which I think is a good indicator how we feel.
Brian Moynihan: Look, the bulk of the increase from Q4 to Q1, the $700 million, the bulk of it was due to rates. We’d just highlight that there was meaningful improvement that was driven by the leasing seasonality. Think about it that as roughly the kind of improvement we get with an extra day in the quarter. And then there was, I think, significant improvement driven by the lack of hedge ineffectiveness in the first quarter relative to what we experienced in the first quarter. But the bulk of it was driven by rates. And if you think about the rate impact, more than half of the rate impact was driven by the long end as opposed to the short end.
Brian Moynihan: You have to go back. If you look -- you can follow up the way afterwards. But if we think about -- we told you in the fourth quarter from the third to the fourth quarter, I think you maybe off a quarter, from the third to the third quarter, what we said is you basically capitalize into the earnings run rate that $2 billion difference is now in the earnings run rate. And that’s what you are actually seeing and that’s the benefit of the lift in rates especially in the short-term side. And so that’s relatively stable now because the -- that piece went through it. So, Lee can follow up with you and take you through sort of the calculation. But it’s because -- the good news is it showed up and earnings this quarter as we said it was.
Brian Moynihan: Well, because the future investment rate on the long-term rates as it comes down, as you’ll recall we talked about, affects our yields on our securities portfolio going forward. So, as we reinvest $20 billion plus a quarter. So, I’ll get Lee to call you afterwards and take you through that.
Brian Moynihan: Well, thank you all of you for your time. Just to remind you, this is a quarter where we showed our responsible growth coming through. Revenue growth of 7%, flat expenses, 700 basis points of operating leverage across our franchise, good client growth in each of the business and our asset quality remains strong. So, we look forward to talking in the next question. Thank you for your time and attention.
Paul Donofrio: Well, the loan growth is embedded in our 100 basis-point shock. So, theoretically, it includes it. But if loan growth is little better than we think, it could be better, lower, it could be less, that’s one of the variables that we have to think about when we think about NII growth.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So 100 basis-point rise on interest bearing deposits, and remember we have a large amount of non-interest bearing deposits, but on interest bearing deposits, we’re kind of low 50ish but that’s full 100 basis points rise. As you can expect, the first 25, 50 of the 100 is going to be a little bit different than the second 25 or 50, and that’s about as much that I want to give you, given the competiveness around this topic.
Paul Donofrio: So, with respect to buffers, I wouldn’t want to give an exact number for all sorts of reasons. We put a lot of thought into how we manage our capital and liability structure including buffers. Having said that, we have 150 basis points of cushion right now on fully phased-in minimums and a lot of time between now and 2019. So, maybe we’ll talk more about it as we get a little closer but right now we feel good where we are.
Paul Donofrio: The only thing I would add for the record is when we gave that guidance around this time last year, we specifically said it was based upon the economic environment at that time and that if things got better, we’d have to adjust; if things got worse, we have to adjust. Having said all that, that’s just for the record, having said all that, we’re still focused and confident we can get to the 53, approximately 53 for full year 2018. That’s what we said.
Paul Donofrio: The way I would think about it, in Q2 provision should roughly match net charge-offs. But remember, we’re bouncing around the bottom with respect to net charge-offs and commercial, so a material credit can move needle one way or the other. Absent that caution, we will build as we grow loan balances. But we should expect to see that offset perhaps by further runoff of non-core consumer real estate, and we have a high end user.
Paul Donofrio: We’ve made progress every year, you’ve seen that. And I would remind everybody that we tapped the de minimis last year as well. So with the stability of our earnings, with the progress we’re making on CCAR, as Brian said, we hope to continue to make progress.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, I would think about the extra day as kind of being offset by the seasonality we have in Q1 for leasing.
Paul Donofrio: Look, we’ve seen modest growth in card balances. We think that should continue. We’re adding new accounts; we had 1.2 million cards this quarter. Combined debit card spend was good year-over-year and really good recently. But as you point out, the card income line remains I think in terms of growth, remains muted by competition around customer rewards. I guess what I would point out and just remind everybody is that just focusing on the fee income line sort of ignores some of the key benefits of our strategy, which is attract relatively higher quality card customers and reward them for deepening their relations with us. This strategy, we think is driving incremental deposit growth and making them stickier, and that helps NII. And by the way, these customers have lower loss rates as well as reduced need to interact with call centers, so that helps us lower costs. In terms of the service line or service charges, they’ve shown some modest growth driven by growth in new accounts, and we expect that probably to continue here.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Wealth and brokerage is being driven by the long-term trend that we’ve been seeing with growth in AUM as transactional brokerage continues to decline. We saw it again this quarter. This quarter, we had significant growth in AUM, which offset that sort of continuing decline in brokerage. I think AUM fees were up 8% this quarter.
Paul Donofrio: Well, first, I would say look, we’ve been making a lot of investments on our global markets business across equity, across macro. Credit has always been a traditional strength of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, a lot of very strong bankers combined with strong sales and trading effort. Corporates raised money this quarter in the capital markets; we have strong relationships. So, we saw a lot of increased activity on the primary side which helps your sales and trading on the secondary side. That’s one. Two, with spreads tightening a little bit, with clients activity picking up as they were repositioning given the change in markets, the change in spreads, again we have a strong corporate credit trading desk; we have strong special situations in credit; we have strong mortgage, and they just saw a lot of client activity, given what happened in the quarter. So, when we’ve often said -- when client activity picks up, you’re going to see this business reform. And for us, client activity was more this quarter and it showed up in our results. And again, lastly, it’s impressive products, it’s significant presence and scale in every major markets around the world. So, it’s not just the U.S.; we saw activity in emerging markets around globe and we were there when our clients needed us.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Particularly on the wholesale side, there are three types of deposits, fundamentally 25%, 40%, and a 100% runoff. And as we think about serving our customers and clients, we’re very mindful of their needs. But we’re also focused on maintaining those heavy deposits or of the highest quarter in terms of being able to use to lend out to customers. So that means you’re going to focus on the 25 and 40 or the more deposits that are much more operational in nature. The deposits that we know are corporate and FI clients are using to run their businesses. We’re focused on growing those deposits and we’re focused on helping them use those deposits to pay bills and to move their money around, to do FX, all the things you might think an individual does but just on the corporate side. Those are the types of the deposits we’re focused on; we’re not -- we’re respectful of clients who want to give us other types of deposits but we’re having conversations about them, about the value of those and therefore what they should expect in terms of pricing.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. We have $500 billion in RWA for operational risk, which is if I can go on a little bit, which is one third approximately of the RWA of the Company under the advanced approach and more RWA than we have for our credit.
Paul Donofrio: I think it was -- the only way to really classify it is really across the board. I think we have strength in all of those client sets. It was just a lot of good sales and trading activity driven by client interest and repositioning their investments, but also again driven by prime new issuance of our clients. We just have a very broad and diverse product set in FICC, both from a product perspective and geographic perspective, and that kind of footprint and that kind of diversity when clients want to make changes, we’re a natural call.
Paul Donofrio: We have been getting in global markets a double-digit return now for a number of quarters. It’s been 10ish, 11% range for a number of quarters. So, we feel like in global markets, we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress in improving returns. In global banking -- and remember, this quarter, we made this 15%, but this quarter, I think we had a very strong quarter in sales and trading. Our performance in global markets is going to be a direct result of client activity as we say every quarter. So, when client activity is lower, our results will be lower, but through a number of different quarters now with varying amount of client activity, I think we’ve been able to get 10% or more return on equity. So that’s how I’ll answer it from that perspective. In global banking, again those returns are somewhat dependent on client activity in investment banking, but there I think the global banking segment is less volatile with respect to returns tied to the investment banking fee pool in any given quarter. We’ve got a diverse product set across treasury service, traditional corporate banking products and investment banking products and then from a client perspective with the full spectrum small, medium sized and large global companies. So there, I would expect us to be able to maintain that return level.
Paul Donofrio: I guess how I would answer the question is we have been -- we changed our underwriting standards years ago, we’ve been focused on responsible growth now for a number of years, we’ve been sticking with that improved client selection, heightened credit standards. So, the answer is we can’t compare to a previous period in the Company’s history. We’re just going to have to see how this develops, but we’re very confident. We don’t see anything today as we look at what’s going in the marketplace that would suggest we’re at an inflection point. It doesn’t mean that I won’t be talking to you next quarter about having lived through an inflection point. But we’re not seeing anything right now that would tell us that we should expect net charge-offs to rise in the near-term. And in the long-term, there is some seasoning going on in the credit card portfolio that we expect and we’ve talked about before but outside of that, we feel good about where our credit quality is.
Paul Donofrio: So, I’m not going to take you through the math again because the math is fairly self explanatory but there are a lot of assumptions or I should not call them assumptions, but there’s a lot of things that go into modeling NII. You hit upon one of them. Obviously, we could have deposit daters that are different than what we’re expecting as we’re doing our modeling. The 50 basis-points obviously is for a full 100% shock. We’re talking about a 25% shock. So, it’s reasonable to expect that we would be lower than 50% for the first 25. I think the question is how low should we be, and we’re just going to have to wait and see. We’re very focused on the competitive environment. We’re focused on the needs and wants of our clients, and we’re focused, we’re balancing all of that against what our shareholders would want us to do. So, we’re just going to have to see how it develops, but there is lot of things that are go into the modeling of expected NII.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. The sensitivity on the long end is a function of being able to reinvest as assets mature at higher or lower rates than the average we have now and what it does to the amortization of our premium on our securities portfolio. The latter is a bigger driver in the short term; the former is bigger driver in the long term. If you think about the Company right now where long-term rates are, we’ve said this on other calls, we’re kind of pleased to be at equilibrium where an asset rolling off the balance sheet was being replaced by assets rolling on the balance sheet at roughly the same yield. I would say, we’re in a little bit more positive place right now, where -- even where rates are having long-term rates have gone up here over the last two quarters. We’re sort of in a position where an asset rolling off the balance sheet on average is being replaced by an asset coming on at slightly higher yield. So, I don’t know if that helps you.
Paul Donofrio: I think over the longer -- any one quarter, it could be a little bit lumpy on how the Company overall benefits versus the segments. But, I think over time, over multiple quarters, the segments will benefit. It’s just basically a function of how residual flows back to our segments.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. I think if you look at our disclosures, you’ll see that the 100 basis-point rate shock at the end of the year was basically the same as it is right now. Here we’re showing to what we reported at the end of Q3 being 4 points something. And that decline in benefit we experienced as rates rose, and that went into our run rate of NII as Brian mentioned earlier.
