Brian Moynihan: Yes. Yes. So the short answer is yes, we believe so. And we believe that really for three reasons. The first one is, we still expect for future rate hikes and there's going to be some lag to their impact. So you'll start to feel some of that in Q1, for example, for the late hikes in this quarter. Second, we're anticipating -- loans growth is still pretty good at this stage. So we're anticipating that we'll keep growing on the loan side. And then third, we've got an opportunity to restrike our balance sheet at higher rates with every opportunity now as things come off of our existing securities portfolio. So look, we've got our assumptions in there to be competitive on deposit pricing in each of the various segments. But yes, we believe we'll grow NII next year.
Brian Moynihan: So Erika, we continue to invest heavily along multiple dimensions, people, technology restructuring all the physical plant, marketing. And so -- but yes, through the core operational excellence, discipline this company has and has shown, as I said earlier, seven years later, we have the same number of people. The company is a lot bigger than it was in 2015. And so we continue to reposition money from things we can eliminate the work by the engineering and work and the technology investments that we make enabling the customer uses that technology and pile back into the production side of the company. And so we don't -- I think if you think about just this year's third quarter '22 versus third quarter '21, if you take out the litigation, there's about $600 million increase in expenses year-over-year, $100 million of that is marketing. Another chunk is -- another couple of hundred million dollars is technology. This is quarterly, not annually, quarterly numbers. And then on top of that, the amount of physical plant change in that time is huge, not only in our branches, but all over our company.  So we feel strong. We continue to increase investments, technology will go up 15% this year versus being '23 versus '20 and those expense numbers we're giving you, but we pay for it by not investing and hoping something happens. We expect the things to fructify in near term and bring forward the fruit and drive the expense efficiencies and effectiveness. And that's how we can take the managers in that time period I gave you the headcount slot, the managers came down 10,000 people in that period of time. We invested all in frontline people to help serve our clients.
Brian Moynihan: So we bought back shares this quarter and still grew the capital. Our job is to drive our company to serve our customers in that first order of business for our capital has always helped the growth in the balance sheet, especially on the lending and market side. And so you should expect that buybacks will continue to increase. But remember, we are now sitting above what we are supposed to be sitting at on 1/1/2024. And so next year is already here. So obviously, the trade between building the buffer up a little bit more, as you said, from where we are now to [50] basis points over the requirement is a little bit different. We already exceeded the requirements. So we'll put a little bit towards the buffer. We'll support the organic growth a little bit towards a buffer and the use of rest to send back to you guys.
Brian Moynihan: Glenn, look, we always say to ourselves and what our teammates is that responsible growth across the last decade plus leads us to where we are. And so you're not going to do anything like this afternoon to change the impact. Candice and her team have negative growth this quarter, but the fourth quarter and the first couple of quarters next year, obviously negative growth. You're not going to change your portfolio overnight. So then the question is how do you manage it, right? So we have limits across all the different categories. You can see the spread of risk in the supplemental book. You can see that nobody is a big part of it. Then we look customer-by-customer and anticipate who is going to be needing money in terms of refinancing, but also in terms of just operating like we did during the pandemic in with every single loan, a company with $5 million of revenue more in our company on a quarterly basis for what I'm sure we had it. So we worked the construct of the book who we underwrite client selection, the structures of the deals, et cetera, in the spread of diversity among industries and U.S. versus non-U.S., et cetera. But then on top of that, we always work in the book hard, and our ratings integrity is very high. We can see it as measured in the [SNCs] and other things against a third party is very -- relatively have much to do than anything we have rated and we make sure we test that continuously with our credit review team under Christine Katziff and Geoff Greener's team because that, at the end of the day, make sure we're not fooling ourselves. And we continue to look at that. And frankly, I think this quarter, we still had upgrades exceeded downgrades. If you look at NPLs and reservable criticized, they both went down this quarter again. And so we're seeing improvement in the credit book even though all of the trade horribles that you’ve sort of alluded to, and it wouldn't take a perspicacious person to lead to see that because it's in the paper every day. But right now, the credit continues to improve, but it's what we did over the last 12 years, 15 years of proof -- hold us in good stead as we head into this thing.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think we said at. Yes, it includes the litigation. And the next year, we said, yes, basically -- yes, this year includes litigation. The next year, we said at some point, we'll get back to the 1% to 2% rise. We'll just have to see how some of the ins and outs play in terms of some of the stuff running off this year still left over then. But look at the 15.3% for three quarters in a row. Honestly, each quarter has had a little bit of something in it. John, if you think about the first quarter when we had [FICA] and that type of stuff and the second quarter had regulatory [exempts to core] obligations. So we're bouncing around low 15s. We expect that run rate to kind of hold.
Brian Moynihan: So I think, Mike, that's a lot of questions, but I'll try to sort out a little bit. Start with the last. There is no terminal efficiency ratio. Our idea is when you work on expenses, you're not working on the ratio, it ends up in a ratio. We work on the actual dollar spend and so we can keep working on investing heavily to drive that. And the digitization of all the operational process in the company is what you see on Slide 22 on the Consumer side. And you've seen it in the other slides on some of the wealth management and commercial operations still a lot of paper in the GTS business that we continue to take out. So that's what we're trying to do. But interesting enough, what's driving the near-term growth in employees has -- there's obviously financial advisor growth, you saw the $400 million this quarter that's investing in the training programs and hiring some people into the office, especially outside our footprint to get them grow. And again, there's investment in consumer -- commercial bankers. Those are not huge numbers, a big investment in the GCIB platform over the last year, I think 1,000 teammates the last couple of years. And so those investments come in, but also we're investing to drive the operational excellence platform and actually ensuring that we've got great customer service, dealing with all the things that go on. But a major part of it, frankly, is getting -- even though we have less branches year-over-year, less numbers of units, we have more people in them because we continue to build out the relationship management capabilities at branches. As you said on Page 22, the work goes out of the branches from a day-to-day sort of service things. We're putting more and more into relationship management. And that's why you see 400,000-plus net new checking households this quarter, which is a record for us going back to pre-financial crisis. We don't know how far back it is. If you look at small business originations are going up. If you look at merchant services sales, which -- that was an investment in sales force there, an investment. So it's just a combination of driving that. And the continued digitization allows us to continue to be efficient, effective and frankly, plow the money saved back in the marketing back into more technology to make us even more effective and then into people where we need them. But if Tom Scrivener runs our operations group, sees a lot of stuff ahead of he can take out. Bruce Thompson of the credit operations platform across all the businesses, a lot they can take out over time and we just go work on it.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. That's -- we said it last quarter and I hope that proved it true there to what you asked about last quarter. one thing Mike to think about is, go back and look at the consumer page in the deck, you'll see the cost of deposits, which is the overall cost of all the stuff against deposit basis continues to basically be 110 basis points, 120 basis points, which is down from 300 basis points 15 years ago. And that is extremely leverageable. And by the way, the profit margins on back up to 30% and drive them through it. So we're letting that NII pull through, which then drives those numbers in.
Brian Moynihan: The consumer -- if you go to the page on deposits, there's only one -- there's a distinguishing fact that goes on a consumer at our company and generally, which really drives up the tremendous value proposition we have to be the core transaction, core relationship bank for our customers. And if you look at Page 10, you can see that the interest checking noninterest-bearing accounts, the dollar volume of deposits as a total percentage of deposits are a very high percentage, and that's where we focus on. And that allows you -- those are zero or very low rates because the amount of services that come around them. They access to 3,900 branches to the call centers to the digital platform to the ability to resolve payments, et cetera, et cetera. And that's what drives it. So it's a -- the beta is a product of a mix more than it is a product of any pricing strategy. Zero based -- zero interest -- noninterest bearing checking or zero in any rate environment.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Look, we're in a good position on capital even after the increased stress capital buffer results, which surprised our industry and our company, and we appealed that, as you well know, and didn't get relief, but we hope its looked at in the future. But the capital improvement really didn't take a much of revenue hit, honestly. The only place we had to hold -- just be careful almost, loan production and the high-end businesses, i.e., GCIB. Other than that, the markets business has an allocation of the size of balance sheet and capital and RWA, which basically they were able to achieve all the results were, not even use it up. And [Jamie DeMare] and team do a great job there. The rest -- everything else is there's no real change. And frankly, where we are now, those changes are that tapping is gone for this quarter already, and we're doing what we should do.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. let me -- Ken, just -- one of the things I think if it goes a little bit to Mike's point a little bit to some of their points, is that about 80-odd percent, if I got exact I think it's 84%, if I got it? Of the interchange goes back to the customer base in terms of rewards products, either directly through our own rewards programs or through some affinity group programs. So obviously, as charges go up a fair amount of that goes back. Now what does that produce in value? It produces incredible value. So a lot of that in our preferred rewards fee structure, which reward structure, which goes across all products in our company, if you even just look at the preferred segment and why deposit pricing and the stability of our accounts is different than peers in the last cycle, most of what happens at this time is that, that reward structure cements the customer relationship. And so that then has a 99% retention rate plus of those preferred customers that have about 80% of the deposits on the Consumer segment. And they are very stable and important customer base all our customer bases are. So you have to think through on those fees. We're effectively investing those fees and the duration of the customer base, the length of customer base, the profitability of the customer base, the stability of the customer base and the fact that then we can net produce a lot more customers because we're not having to replace a runoff. And so as you see so many fee lines, same with [NSS FOD] by doing what we've done the attrition rate has obviously dropped to the floor and you're seeing more production of that accounts there. And these are all related to total revenue per customer, profit per customer as opposed to any individual decision.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. This Also, just to give a sense, though, it's a 5% unemployment like now and then continues all the way through next year. So there's an inherent in services and built into that reserving level. That our reserves can 60-40 and has those kinds of those kinds of statistics around it has inflation, but more importantly, it's based on that kind of unemployment level, which is 150 basis points over where we are. We are in October. So it will pretty quick to be this side at the end of year.
Brian Moynihan: Other people talk about the overall number is like 10 billion just for the platform and all this is purely new code.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We've said that we start growing in the 1% to 2% category, and that's part of these types of inflationary things that you're mentioning, which are higher now and then working it down over time. And so right now, we're running in the low 15 per quarter, 15.3 and we expect it to maintain and grow. But most of that growth does come, as you're saying, into the compensation and it’s ebbs and flows where it goes on a given -- when the markets are driving more investment banking markets and wealth management and those come down a little bit and the other compensation comes up as we've changed the base pay and things like I talked about. But it's just -- it's a [214,000] people to a very complex discussion all over the world. So there's no one answer for the whole team.
Brian Moynihan: This is one of the things you already have to be careful because obviously, when a person doesn't pay you the FICO is going down de facto. So the rate is -- the origination statistics we put back there are very strong, remains strong. And what we're seeing is, I gave you the five-year averages, which would so far exceed where we are today. We're still lower pre-pandemic. So even though we're picking back up, the word normalization, ask people to be careful because we're moving back to what was all-time lows, and we're not there. So I think if you look at the auto business, the number of repossessions and stuff was down half on a monthly basis. So we built -- under responsible growth, we built a book on the consumer side that we knew would be durable through different modeled outcomes, which is what we do in the stress testing and what we do in a reserve setting process and stuff, but also to actual outcomes and what you're seeing is it's weathering any notion of issues in the economy well. And then on commercial book, as we said, we still see upgrades exceeding downgrades. The simple way to think about it is I think we're -- the trough the P&L provision cost with flat reserve build pre-pandemic was basically $1 billion a quarter, we're running around that number now. And that's building $400 million of reserves is a little different constitution and that means unless charge-offs pick up, you're going to see the reserve build start to mitigate because sort of we're sitting here at a pretty conservative scenario now, and it will all depend on that as we go forward. But remember, the baseline is now baking in effectively a recession based on the Blue Chip.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I mean I think we have to remember that -- I'd be careful about that because basically the baseline now has built into it a fairly weak for a path in the near term. And so I wouldn't expect exactly the numbers, but if you saw we built a bunch of reserves with a 15% unemployment. My projection that, that was going to go on to [40] but I think it was in the pandemic, and you saw us move up, but we're sitting closer to what we call CECL day one and pandemic implementation. And you can see some of that in the stress test. So we don't really speculate on that. But we have on stress test to test it to make sure and you can see the Fed stress tests in the adverse case, you can see these numbers, frankly, which I don't think would ever materialize given what you do in a period of time between then and there, but that gives you some sense if you look at those…
Brian Moynihan: Okay. Well, thank you for all your questions and your attention. Let me just summarize for the third quarter 2022. You saw responsible growth in action once again. We had organic growth in all businesses. We had top line revenue growth driven by the NII increases. We had strong expense control, flat expenses for the third straight quarter, operating leverage for the fifth straight quarter and good work on that. We had good risk management. You can see that we're still running strong risk parameters, and we built the capital to the end-state 1/1/24 levels that we need. So that's what we call responsible growth, and now you're seeing interaction. Thank you.
Alastair Borthwick: Just the way our own ALM projected over the course of the next couple of years, we had some forward starting swaps. Those are going to pay us floating in the fourth quarter, and that's a contributor to the NII growth in the fourth quarter but I think we should assume a little bit third quarter, most all in the fourth quarter, and that's probably it.
Alastair Borthwick: So there's a couple of things that are going on there. I don't want to confuse them. Let me first talk about the leverage financing. That we just marked through our numbers. It's in the numbers. We pushed it to do it every week. So that's included. When you look at those Global Markets or investment banking results, they include anything we are doing in investment banking. I don't think that's what Brian was referring to. What Brian was referring to is the RWA optimization that we're doing as a company to make sure that we're in a great place to serve our customers and to be in a position to have the flexibility for buybacks in the future. So a couple of things that we did there. We did sell some loans. You saw that in prior quarters in All Other. You can see some of the legacy loans were able to sell in prior quarters. This quarter, we sold $1 billion of loans in consumer and wealth and maybe $1 billion in Global Banking. So it's not big, but it's important for us just to make progress in different areas. And then most of the RWA optimization plan that we've been doing is pretty quiet. It's taking the securities that are 20% risk-weighted asset. And as they roll off -- and remember, there's like $15 billion of them roll off every quarter, we can replace those with treasuries at a higher yield. So we're getting more yield and we're reducing the RWAs with that.  And then the other thing I'd just say on RWA optimization is we probably tapped the brakes a little bit on loan production this quarter in a couple of places. And we did a little bit of CDS hedging here and there. And you'll see -- if you look at our numbers, you'll also see the Global Markets, just the way that the customers are demanding balance sheet, the balance sheet is still growing, but the RWAs are a little bit lower. So there's a lot that goes into RWAs, but it's a $1 billion here, $1 billion there. You add it all up, and it makes a difference.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, on the loan side, I'd say we talked about at the beginning of the year that we thought loans would be high single digits, and we've slightly outperformed that, obviously. This quarter was a little bit of a 90-day reset for us in some ways. You didn't see that so much in consumer because the card growth just came through. And in commercial, certainly, we probably held up back just a touch. So we think we'll resume that sort of high single-digit, maybe mid if things begin to slow a little bit. So we've got that in our forecast, we sort of resume the path that we've been on.  With respect to deposits, I'd say on betas, obviously, we're just increasing those because we've got to be competitive in this environment. And around balances, I think there's a sense that the industry will be flattish, maybe down. We think we're going to outperform the industry ever so slightly. So that's what's largely baked into our assumptions at this stage.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So the securities portfolio runs off at about $15 billion a quarter. It was a little more this quarter because we actually had an opportunity to sell some securities that offset some gains, some losses and freed up some RWAs. So we took advantage of that this quarter. And so the securities number this particular quarter was a little larger. But I think on an ongoing basis, John, you should assume that we've got $15 billion that just comes in. And then broadly, we've got $175 billion of cash at the Central Bank and we got another couple of hundred billion of stuff that's mostly treasury swap to floating. So we've got lots of ways to pay for loans growth in the future.
Alastair Borthwick: Mike, I think it's -- we don't necessarily translate it into that sort of idea of how many more people this digital replacer productivity metrics. But if you look at by different line of business, you just take consumer for a moment, if 50% of our consumer sales now are taking place digitally, you almost think about that being the equivalent of 4,000 more financial centers. And it turns out if you get 35 million people banking in the pocket with a mobile phone, makes a big difference.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So Ken, I think with respect to card kind of flattish, as I would think about it right now, a little bit of fourth quarter, seasonal maybe that should benefit there. Service charges, most importantly, on the consumer side, all the [NSS FOD], we're now at the steady-state run rate. So that won't be hurting us again from this point forward. The commercial part you're right to highlight, the commercial business, the GTS business is adding clients. We're doing more with clients. So that's adding gross fees. Many of the clients prefer that earnings credit adjustment as the way that they essentially pay interest, receive interest and then pay fees. So that came down probably $150 million this quarter. I think you should expect that come down again next quarter just with the way rates are going. And then the other fees are probably pretty straightforward. Wealth will be all about market levels with a 1-month lag based on where the markets are. Investment banking kind of flattish I would think, maybe hoping for a little bit of positive at some point but not necessarily this quarter. And then sales and trading your guess is as good as ours, but we generally point to the sort of 15% seasonality in Q4 compared to Q3. And we're coming off of obviously a pretty good period.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes so this quarter, very similar to last quarter, we used Blue Chip consensus as our baseline. You're talking 50 different economists, some of whom are in the middle, some of whom are pessimistic themselves, some of them are more optimistic, that’s 60%, that's the baseline. Other 40% is downside scenarios that we built. And there, that's the weakened that we're applying and in this particular quarter, just to give you an idea Ken, once again, we increased our forecast for inflation in that scenario. We increased unemployment in that scenario. And we decreased GDP through the course of the next couple of years. So all of that's a few quarters now in a row where that pattern is continuing and we did it again this quarter. And we'll just keep adjusting that over time. Based on the macroeconomic situation as it develops over time.
Alastair Borthwick: It moves even higher than that next year, just to give you an idea, it's sort of in the mid 5s, just to give you a general sense.
Alastair Borthwick: So we didn't call that out but that just for the simple reason, it was smaller this quarter. We run those through the P&L every week, as you know. So the results that you see in Global Markets and Investment Banking did include them last quarter. We called it out last quarter because it was just bigger. But this quarter, we didn't feel that we needed to.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, we're obviously modeling in probably the same thing you are. We're going to have to price competitively for deposits in an environment where, obviously, market-based expectations are changing every day. So we're anticipating it's going to be a little bit tougher from this point forward, but that's already baked into our NIM.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, that's going to differ by customer base, and I don't want to get into this on this call just because it's competitively important for us, obviously. But you can assume that at the higher end of wealth, for example, I shared that we're passing through most of that at this stage. That's going to be very different versus our noninterest-bearing accounts. It will be different for operational versus nonoperational and commercial. So beta would be in quite different places, but I'm anticipating that they'll just continue to drift up over time.
Alastair Borthwick: Betsy, we -- the last several months, we've done the fifth share success program. We did our usual merit. We did a 3, 5 and 7 merit increase for everybody under $100,000 in compensation based on years of service. We went -- we accelerated $22 starting rate, which $40,000-odd a year now. And we'll continue those patterns. And the good news is we're seeing the attrition rate move. Start to move back. There was 12% drop to 6%, moved back up to 15-ish and has now dropped down the low 14s and each month starts to drop even more. So we feel that we've got the right mix, and we all look at benefits continuously. We continue to -- they didn't vary any benefits during that we would increase our childcare benefit to $275 per month per child, increased our tuition reimbursement and did it in advance. And so it's a complex package, but we should have -- we've been able to absorb all that and keep expenses down to 15.3% a quarter for the last three or four quarters, and we'll continue to do that. And that's where it comes down to also using the technology investments and operational excellence investments and continue to reduce the aggregate number of people we have working and pay those talent teammates we have even more that they work.
Alastair Borthwick: So I'd say on the treasuries, generally speaking, you just think about the duration there being somewhere between four and five years. And on the mortgages, it's probably seven to eight. So it takes a while to pull the par. And then there'll be some derivatives as well. And I think the team can probably help you model that at some point. But those are broadly speaking about the numbers I would use. Obviously, it will be faster for any securities that we pay in the time.
Alastair Borthwick: Gerard, I think if you went back to our supplement over the course of the past 10 years, you're going to find these numbers are so low. We're squinting to see a change here, and it's coming off of really historically extraordinary numbers. So is there a little bit of movement? Yes. But is it the second best of all time? Yes.
Alastair Borthwick: No particular updates at this point. Obviously, we are waiting along with everybody else. And once we get the rules, Charles, we'll sit down and start working through our own capital base. But obviously, as Brian pointed out earlier, just the fact that we've put ourselves in a position where already we're ahead of where we need to be in January 2024. We've got a lot of flexibility at this point for whatever the endgame does come out with.
