Brian T. Moynihan: I think the key on the overall balances away from card which will be a driver is to remember a couple of things one, is we have the portfolios, the Countrywide acquired portfolio which we’re continuing to run. The mortgage portfolio is not going to run that fast. We’ve got the in home equity again, I wouldn’t expect that to grow and it will kind of bounce around. But, remember on the commercial side, what we’ve seen in David Darnell’s portfolio and if you look year-over-year his loan balances are down fairly dramatically and that is due to customer demand. There’s no other explanation. That’s because customers are not feeling the need to draw on their lines because they don’t see economic demand. We have seen that I’d argue stabilize somewhat very recently and so we’re not sure, a short period of time doesn’t make a trend, but our belief is that as the economy stays stable that number ought to sit where it is and then the draw rate which is in the mid 30s as opposed to the 40s ought to come back up as people build more inventories, hire more people, have more cash flow needs. So I would say watch over the next couple of quarters but we feel better about it here than we did probably a quarter ago.
Brian T. Moynihan: On the actual charge off levels I think you can see the trend line Paul and you can look at them. We’re facing still unemployment that is very sticky and so the numbers yesterday I think all give us pause and new claims and stuff, we aren’t seeing quite the improvement that people could mathematically get to and stuff. So they’ll keep coming down if you look fairly stated quarter-over-quarter a billion range of actual charge offs. I think we’ll see continued improvements there but I’d be careful until we sort of see unemployment break that we see that. On terms of reserves releases, we’re trying to be conservative here, we’re trying to watch because we still have uncertainty in the economy and we’re sitting on a strong reserve. We’ve built the reserves up significantly year-over-year and we’ll continue to hold those reserves. So I’d be careful about assuming huge reserve releases near term until there’s more certainty in the economy but the core trends are strong and like I said at the very beginning this will be the discussion we’re going to have each quarter. That’s sort of the trade off here but we’re going to try to make sure that we don’t have any probability of needing to build reserves because the economy has a little blip in it or something.
Brian T. Moynihan: Mike, I think making sure that we understand the different things that are hitting us in terms of capital and stuff but if you think about a 5% return equity we’re not satisfied, you think about a 10% return intangible equity, we’re not satisfied. I’d say we’re less than half way home so I think we’d expect to have in terms of equity in the low teens area and we expect to exceed that in tangible equity but it’s good to be where you’re starting to see relative to core earnings level and you can build off of it as the economy improves.
Brian T. Moynihan: To be clear when I talked to a lot of you at conference a few weeks back we thought originally the net impact was sort of 50 to 60 basis points. With the better earnings and stuff you saw that impact mitigated tremendously. We accrete capital pretty quickly right now and Neil made that point. I think we’ve got to have like two or three things clarified, we need to know where Basal will fit, we need to know the economy is stable and continues to go North and we need to get these levels probably slightly higher to retain earnings and then we’ll feel comfortable. Clearly, we’re very comfortable in the ranges of some uncertainty about how you’re going to count things going forward. The one I look at, the tangible common equity, I think we’ve got to get it up to the 5% to 5.5% range and probably close to 5.5% is what we have to get to but that will come pretty quickly with some earnings and then we can talk about that. Because, I think as we go through the next two or three quarters you’ll see certainly on a Basal III, certainly on this sort of economy and then I think we’ve got to have a good discussion but I think it’s still a few quarters premature.
Brian T. Moynihan: It’s not a lot yet because most implementation actually happened in February and so that’s why we’re trying to give you sort of the long term view so you expect that most of the implementation costs that we talked about is there.
Brian T. Moynihan: It’s just a whole bunch of techniques of how you put credit on. Remember, the core thing the Card Act says is you can’t price the risk once you put the credit on until a person is delinquent and so what we’re doing is pricing up front and some of the fees and other things that we can do to make up for it but that’s the board’s charge.
Brian T. Moynihan: We won’t talk about the sizing because we’re still working on it. One of the things Betsy, the total deposit base on the retail side is $600 billion. So, if you think about the loss dollars as a percentage of that you can see that you need to make up between the fees and the deposit spread you need to make up an amount and this is all about taking what was a pricing that hit a small group of people hard and spreading it. So the mitigation would be around product design to help customers and use more automated means and do that.  –We’ve launched some of those products already. It’s a discussion of whether you have monthly maintenance fees is in the mitigation consideration but also as rates rise deposit pricing, I think we would be more conservative to achieve some of that spread across everybody so people only look at fee versus fee but there’s actually you have to look at all the revenue sources from a transactional count that we can get it from. We’ll detail those for you in subsequent quarters as we’re putting them in but I think the core issue is that we just want to make sure that people are clear that we can get down around the $2 billion range.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think philosophically we’re going to be carrying more liquidity. I’m not sure this much is the right answer long term but I’d be careful. A lot of people make the assumption that that can be put to work and earn a lot more. If it’s liquidity it’s not going to earn a lot because it has to really be liquidated especially under our standards on the rules but I think it would shrink the balance sheet and therefore free up capital is a better way of thinking about it over time. Again, until we see the new rules on liquidity which are the Basal III proposal stuff which are tough, not tough which are fair and will require a lot of liquidity we want to make sure we’re holding enough. But, I wouldn’t just assume you could put it in to 100 basis point earning assets because it really would just be paid down and reduce the size of the balance sheet.
Brian T. Moynihan: So we bring them back to current so it’s tens of basis points opposed to anything spread on them. We’re going to run the balance sheet Betsy very carefully, the discretionary portfolio and stuff this is a key use of capital wise going forward so we’ll be clearer on that as we get clarity on some of the rules.
Brian T. Moynihan: We’ve done fine on deposits. If you think about it broadly we’ve done fine on the retail side in terms of the relative position of our industry. But if you go to the affluent side we’ve done very well and built a lot of deposits. There’s $500 billion of deposits that are in our Merrill Lynch customers or in other banks just with a relationship manager practice we should be pulling those in so you’ll see that selling routine continue to drive that and that was strong against this quarter.
Brian T. Moynihan: We think the customer holistically that they would have liquidity choices to put their investments in and so if money market rates became competitive again we have that platform to put them in also. I think we’re a bit of a distance away from that outcome because you got the fee waivers and stuff on that side of the business that we’ve got to recovery from first so as the yields come up the net yield to the customer will take a while for that to come through.
Brian T. Moynihan: I’m not sure we expect either mortgages or home equities to move dramatically from where we are at this point in terms of dollar amounts and in terms of how it affects the P&L. We are running the mortgage portfolio down overall because in the grand scheme of things there is a big chunk of it that is a runoff portfolio that will go down.
Brian T. Moynihan: You heard Neil talk earlier, 90% of our produced home equities on our book are to clients who got a home equity to fund a kids education or whatever it was for, it’s a core product so we did $2 billion this quarter in to originations. It’s just the reality is that $2 million originations versus what we were doing before is that portfolio would come down a little bit but it is a core product. It’s just where we’re in there’s not as much equity in people’s homes and things like that but it is a core product for people to use, for more affluent customers to use quite frankly to tap the equity for near term use to fund a kids’ education as I said, fund something else, and then pay it off over time. So it is a core product for us, we wouldn’t expect those kind of numbers to be there. On the first mortgage you’ve got to remember that we have first mortgages on our books for various reasons. Part of it is the portfolio we produce and that is JUMBO and other things for our wealthy and affluent clients. That is a core business and it will continue to grow. We then have another portfolio of mortgages that we have as part of our discretionary activities to balance our book. That will go up and down depending on what we need at the time.  What I was talking about more clearly was that as we bought Countrywide we inherited portfolios which are not core and those will run off. The first two categories will stay in the business it’s just that the impaired portfolio of things will run off over time. Christopher Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co.: Then as a follow up, how do you determine what’s collateral dependent versus non-collateral dependent? I hadn’t heard that time used in quite this way before and what drives that decision and the pending charge offs with it.
Brian T. Moynihan: The other thing is that’s also on the base of $50 billion of yearly NII and so the number is relatively small.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think we’re carrying on a gross equity yield a fair amount of equity, we have a fair amount of intangibles so that number is going to be suppressed in some respects in our category just because of the difference between return on the stated common versus the tangible common. But, I think as we said we’ll be figuring a lot of that out but I think this is a good industry, I think we have the best position in it and I think anybody who can earn money will earn money and I’m comfortable that when we look at all the rules that we should hit the targets that are in those lines that I talked to you about.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think we have to find a solution for those customers and putting all non-agency business on the balance sheet at the banking industry is a pretty difficult task and we have to find a market and figure out a way to securitize those assets and we’re just getting in the game and all the proposals. One of the things we need to keep balance on is the judgment of how it will impact those markets which are important to the customers. As things stabilize and people have the debate about Fannie and Freddie and what will go on and stuff like that they become even more important. I think we are mindful and we’re trying to help shape the proposals and policy that would end up with a strong secondary market for mortgages that would allow this country to continue to fund the mortgage debt appropriately for all customers not just the government qualified customers.
Brian T. Moynihan: Thank you for your time. I think again with the summary I sort of left off it was a solid quarter. You can see the earnings come through as the credit costs mitigate but the economy is still something we are mindful of and it’s solidified and stable and it’s having a good impact on our company. As we look out we expect the recovery to continue. It’s good to see all our businesses except the one are profitable and we’re working on that one hard and that business had strong sales and trading but what you’re starting to see is as credit costs mitigate the core banking side of our platform starts to generate and balances back out the company. Thank you for your time and we’ll talk to you soon.
Neil A. Cotty: As Brian said we can all argue how good VAR is but it’s up slightly from the end of the year probably $276 versus $255 and we look at a three year trailing so it’s going to be a little higher than others that might be quoting using one year. But sort of up and down the P&L as I mentioned, other than maybe commodities is the growth but you’re just seeing strong customer flow reposition the balance sheets and it was steady throughout the quarter. January was strong, it tailed off somewhat in February and March but just steady each and every day.
Neil A. Cotty: We’re putting them in to treasuries but it’s not like we’re opening up the interest rate gap significantly. We’re also putting hedges on against some of those.
Neil A. Cotty: Just the prize point of managing the balance sheet closely I’ve sort of covered the sale and loss of $331 million in equities. Again, that was one of the actions we took during the first quarter to tighten up on the balance sheet.
Neil A. Cotty: On commercial paper we’re looking at during the quarter various areas to tap the markets and just felt diversification and a mix at good rates was the way to go.
Neil A. Cotty: We’ve had ongoing conversations throughout the quarter, we always do, with the rating agencies and obviously we’re focused on liquidity levels to return them to the sort of levels that we wanted to pre all the disruption that went on. So I would say yes, we’ve been having dialogs, it is in the back of our mind and again, our focus is on having a strong balance sheet and very liquid. Again, just as there is uncertainty with regard to the economy, the uncertainty as Brian mentioned with regard to Basal III and other things that are being passed or discussed in regulation. We just want to be well prepared for anything that may come at us.
Neil A. Cotty: I think we’ve been attacking the credit card side for quite some time and you should see some improvement going forward. On the residential side, it went down slightly but when you adjust for all the items we talked about I don’t think it’s down significantly.
Neil A. Cotty: You’ve got to be careful looking at the ratios because you do have noise in there because as mentioned earlier the collateral dependent that we talked about.Edward R. Najarian – ISI Group: Right but that would have added to it not detracted from it yet it was still a little lower than expected.
Neil A. Cotty: Yes, there’s a page in the deck that we issue that has the traditional bubble charts in there, I believe it’s page 60, it’s in the appendix. We have the bubble charts and I think there’s also a sensitivity chart on the next page, it should be page 62 which would give you that. You’ve got to remember that’s off the forward curve.
