Brian Moynihan: Good morning, and thank you all of you for joining us. I'm starting on Slide 2 of the materials. Your company produced one of its highest core EPS, earnings numbers in a challenged operating environment in the first quarter. Simply put, we navigated that environment well. The preparedness and strength of Bank of America and the trust of our clients reflects a decade-long responsible growth model and relationship nature of our franchise. During quarter one, importantly, organic growth engine continued to perform. Let me first summarize some points, and I'll turn it over to Alastair to take you through the details of the quarter. If you go to Slide 2 of the materials, Bank of America delivered strong earnings, growing EPS 18% over first quarter '22. Every business segment performed well. We grew clients and accounts organically and at a strong pace. We delivered our seventh straight quarter of operating leverage, led by a 13% year-over-year revenue growth. We further strengthened our balance sheet, with our CET1 ratio increasing to 11.4%. Regulatory capital ended at the highest nominal level in our history at $184 billion. We maintained strong liquidity. We ended the quarter with more than $900 billion in Global Liquidity Sources. We are in good returns for you as our shareholders, with a return on tangible common equity of 17%, a 107 basis points return on average assets. Tangible book value per share grew 9% year-over-year. We did this as the economy slowed. And, remember, our research team continues to predict a shallow recession that will occur beginning in the quarter three of 2023. It's interesting, when we look at our consumer behavior, payments by consumer continued to drive the U.S. economy. We've seen debit and credit card spending at about 6% year-over-year growth pace, a little slower but still healthy. But, remember, card spending represents less than a quarter of how consumers pay for things out of their accounts at Bank of America. Overall payments from our customers' accounts across all sources were up 9% year-over-year for March as a month. Year-to-date, they were up about 8% for the quarter. After slowing in the back half of 2022 a bit, we saw the payments -- pace of payments picked back up in quarter one, especially in the latter parts of the quarter. Consumers' financial positions remains generally healthy. They're employed with generally higher wages, continue to have strong account balances, and have good access to credit. As you think through all the tightening actions of the Fed, the flows to alternative yielding assets, investments and the disruption the past quarter, our deposits continued to perform well, ending the quarter at $1.91 trillion. If you think about it, that's about the same balance that we had in mid-October of 2022. So, we've seen these balances stabilize and remain 34% above they were in prior to the pandemic. The team has managed well during these periods by remaining focused on the things we can control to drive value through our franchise. I thank them for a very strong quarter, near-record earnings with strong returns. Let me turn the call over to Alastair to walk through the details of the quarter.
Brian Moynihan: I think, you saw this quarter, we continue to adopt our basic, or apply our basic principles, which is we support the growth in our customer base, we pay the dividends that are -- what we think is the rational rate, and then we use the rest to basically return to use for the share buybacks. Yeah, we're in the middle of stress test as you just mentioned. We'll have to see the results of that. We also -- but the good news is, we crossed 11.40% this quarter, which basically is an excess -- has a cushion on top of what we need for the first quarter of next year. And so, we'll continue to follow our basic principles. So, we're -- we feel good -- very good about our capital and you should expect us to continue to follow the idea to pay the dividend or grow organic -- support the organic growth, pay the dividend and buyback shares, but we've got to get through the near-term sort of what goes on in our business every year at this time.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. I think, Ken, we think this -- everybody thinks this as a big bulk thing, Bank of America, but it's really -- and then looks at broad categories of interest-bearing and non-interest bearing accounts and treasury. You have to really think about customer bases and what they do with their money. And so, there is transactional cash, whether that's for consumer running their household day-to-day or a wealthy consumer running their household day-to-day, which may have different level of expenses. And then, the commercial customers, who run their business day-to-day and then have excess cash from that if they are successful, and then how they all play that through. So I think -- we think, transactional cash and investment cash. You've seen a lot of investment cash as -- so to speak. As Alastair mentioned earlier, we price competitively for that, that moves around. But the good news is, we have a massive investment platform where we put that money to work for our customers if they don't need to manage their day-to-day household. So, in our NII estimates, our view of what happens in the future, I think, the key for the consumer business is to remember that, they've got $700 billion of excess deposits over its loans. It's generating a lot of excess deposits that grew $300-odd billion from pre-pandemic, it has been stable. The checking balances, if you look at those charts we gave you, they show you the near-term movement are stable. That generates at a total all-in cost of 10 basis points to 15 basis points, a lot of the value in our franchise, and meaning -- including interest-bearing part of that franchise when you think about deposits across time and in like businesses. So, you'd expect some of those trends to continue in terms of customers have excess cash, putting it to work differently. Here, we expect the deposit rates to move to continue to match the market. But the broad value of this deposit franchises driven by the money people leave us, because it's transactional cash, which is a motion, and we don't pay interest on, and that is both the consumers, wealthy customers and businesses. So, it's hard. It's a very detailed question of which we spent a lot of time looking at or the team does, as you might imagine.
Brian Moynihan: The margin came down largely because you had to sort of incremental hit to the investment side revenue as the markets fell year-over-year, but we'd expect that margin to move back up to its more traditional 20%, 25% to 30%. But you also have to remember, they are a big beneficiary or hit of the elevated payroll taxes and other things in the first quarter, because as a percentage of our compensation in the company, they're not a small amount. So -- but we expect that to move back in the high-20%s. But we have been working on this business to continue to improve the digitization of the services side of it. So, basically, if you think about it, you get [a dollar's worth] (ph) of the revenue and you take about half past the compensation in the financial advisory grids and the other payouts, and then we take the rest of it and convert it to about a 30% deposit, the other half and convert about 30 percentage points or 60% at the profit pre-tax this quarter, down a little bit, because of the payroll. So, we feel very good about where we stand on a relative basis, but one of the things the team continues to work on across Eric and Lindsay and Katy is to drive operational excellence to new level in that business, because we believe that there is still a lot of costs that can come out around the simplicity -- more simple, straightforward products, the delivery of those products, the paper-based usage and things like that. And then, also, remember, we are making investments in advisors. We have 4,000 plus trainees in the businesses across the company, and we believe it the best advisors one is growing at our -- with our own company, and we continue to do that and that's a drag on the P&L that we're willing to take to make sure we have the advisor growth in the future.
Brian Moynihan: I mean, I think we don't have anything more than you do in a broad sense, but I think, at the end of day, I think this industry has extremely strong capital liquidity and capabilities. We just demonstrated through the pandemic and then through the aftermath of the pandemic and then through inflation and then through a tightening cycle, that hasn't happened before. So, we feel good about where the industry stands, and I think people have to step back and think about it overall. And then, frankly, this industry in the United States is so much stronger than Europe. It has so much capital per square inch, so to speak, than Europe does to get to ratios, which on numbers are lower, but the amount of capital to get there is pretty unbelievable. So, we have twice the capitals of European counterparts of similar size and our ratios are considered to be lower. So, obviously, let's say, pull this together, they got to make sure they aren't counting the beans in different ways or the gold plating and other things in the United States. So, hopefully, people will start to see the wisdom and making sure they are careful here and we'll see that play out, but we don't have any special understanding.
Brian Moynihan: I think, we saw in the first part of the quarter -- first quarter, being a little bit -- a little bit softer and then we saw it kick back up in March. So far in April, it's still early. It's probably a little lower than it was for the month of March, but it's a couple of weeks since. So, we got to be a little careful about that just due to the different ways vacations fall and things like that. So -- but it's -- over the course of last year, the total spending year-over-year increases have slowed down and I think that means that's a precursor to the economy being a little bit slower and that we're seeing and then frankly consumers being more careful in the use of the cash, because the cash in their accounts -- in our accounts, especially for the lower income cohorts continues to build honestly. From peak last April, it fell down a little bit all the course of the year, and it's built back up in the first part of this year. So, we'll see that play out. There's been a delay in some of the tax returns as you know this year that pushes them from quarter-to-quarter, but stay tuned. I think, it's a little early to call, but it is a little softer in the first part of the April here.
Brian Moynihan: It would always include those results. Those come through continuously. It's -- there's not -- Gerard, there's a change over time, that's a continuous set of things they look at and we always do well on that. And when we say macroenvironment, remember, this business set is credit across the world. So, there's places that we finished up on cleaning up. That allowed us to lease some reserves on one side and then we got to other places that we would have put up reserves, but at the end of the day the overall credit quality here is very strong and very stable.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think, as always, that's the cohort of pre-pandemic compared to where they were then and now. And they had been sort of bounce around and it leveled for the last six months and they moved up a little bit. This is the time they do move up, because of the tax returns and other things and year-end payments and stuff. But they clearly are going -- they basically are stable from November, December, January. They started increasing in February and then they bounced up a little bit. So, we'll see where it ends up. The clear message is, despite people having said these consumers are spending down their money, it would be out of these balances in mid-2022 or the third quarter, they clearly are still sitting with a fair amount of money in account relative to pre-pandemic times.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. So, Erica, obviously, the basic concept was built for us a number of years -- four or five, six, seven years ago starting and came out -- came into the business. It is a predictive language type of program, where you put in question and then it answers it, but we had to do a special language to make sure it would work with our business, it wasn't a general. So, we did that. Then put us in a condition to start to deploy to our customers, because it's captive to our data, where it's just looking our systems, finding information and giving to clients is really a service capability. And what we've seen is that increase is a clear indicator of how valuable these types of artificial intelligence, natural language processing, predictive technologies can be for customer service and things like that. We've also taken Erica internally and applied it to help us do work and we've seen it have those benefits. Ultimately, we think this has extreme benefits for our company. We think it has a lot -- and you've seen this written about in the computer coding areas. In other words, it could speed up the process of what they used to be called object programing. That goes on. We think it has a lot to do in terms of allowing teammates to work much more quickly and efficiently with our systems and get information out and can make, even someone like me, the ability to do analytics, that I could -- I'd have to send to somebody and have them put, key it in the systems. So there's a lot of value to this. The key question will be, when can you use it without the fear of -- with the -- the reason why a lot of it stopped in our industry and other industries was, it wasn't clear how it worked. It was your data and the outside world's data and how it would interact and pull stuff out and we have to be careful with that. And then, secondly, we have to understand how the decisions are made, being able to stand up to the -- to our customers' demand for us to be fair and, frankly, follow the laws and rules and regulations on lending. So, I think, all that is good, strong -- it's really important thing. So, we're not a neophyte in this sense, actually operating out there, we understand the value of it, but we will carefully apply it and we see a great value. I don't think it's a great value in the next month, but in the overall sense, it will help us continue to manage the headcount down, which we've been doing this quarter. And, remember, we started this company -- management team started with this company in 2010 with 285,000 and 300,000 people working here and we're running the same size company with 216,000 people or bigger company doing more stuff and so all that's been aided by digitization of which is a potential step function change.
Brian Moynihan: No, it not -- Mike, I would say, there could be -- the activity in the first quarter was actually higher in some ways, because of the volatility in the trading side and things like that. So, we aren't expecting -- we're expecting to get scale and operating leverage across activity taking less dollars to do it in the OpEx and the work we do. We had built-up more people, largely because the fear of last year of the turnover rate that is now gone in half in a year, requires us to be hiring a lot to stay ahead of it and then when it slowed down, we built-up people and we're bringing that back down in line. But there is no -- the expenses frankly are just managing the headcount carefully, because that's two-thirds of the expense base and getting more leverage out of the activities. But there's no -- yeah, we'll have more checking accounts, we will have more credit card accounts, we'll do more wires on a given day, we'll do more trades on a given day, and that can ebb and flow, but, overall, we're expecting activity continue to rise. Now, well, loan demand, i.e., people want to borrow another $10 versus the $10 ahead, that's what we say slows down. So that doesn't -- yeah, that's -- but that's not -- that they don't have a loan is that they borrow different amounts of money.
Brian Moynihan: No, in the investment spend, we're spending, we increase this year versus last year $300 million to $400 million in pure initiative spending and that's going through the run rate as we speak, and we aren't -- we wouldn't cut that, because we think to the point of Betsy's comment, it gives us a chance to continue to leverage the franchise and nowhere is that more evidenced in our consumer business, where the numbers of branches year-over-year are down a few 100 again. Customers are bigger, more stuff's going through, customer delights were an all-time high, attrition is an all-time low, and that's what makes that franchise valuable as you well know and that's by continuing to invest in new capabilities at all-time.
Brian Moynihan: [Candace] (ph) and research teams have been consistent to see after the Fed raises rates this amounts, there would be a, recession they have a mild recession and at that day predicted basically say 0.5% to 1% negative -- annualized negative GDP growth in Q3 and Q4 and Q1 and then back to positive. So I think, in the end of the day, we don't see activity on the consumer side slowing at a pace that would indicate that, but we see, commercial customers are being more careful and things like that. But everything points to relatively mild recession, given the amount of stimulus that was put -- that was paid the people and the money they have leftover, the fact that unemployment is still at 3.5% -- full employment plus. And then the wage growth is slowing in tipping over, so the size of inflation are tipping down but, they're still there, but that translates into good -- relatively good activity. So we see it as a slight recession and we'll see what happens, but we built this company across the last decade even in a stress scenario is that you'll see somewhere in the slides last quarter we didn't reduce because they're the same answer, our stress scenarios are always less than anybody else, because how we built the company through the go through recessions, without a problem, including the pandemic.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you for your time, and I want to thank my teammates for a great our performance again this first quarter of 2023, a strong quarter of 18% year-over-year EPS growth. The strength and stability and being there for our customers continue to show through -- including strong capital at 11.4%, liquidity at $900 million in GLS. But the most important thing and we just touched on, it was really two things: continued organic growth in our franchise and operating leverage by growing revenue faster in expenses. So, we feel-good about that and look-forward to talking next quarter.
Alastair Borthwick: So, Jim, I think, right now, the expectations for the market in terms of whether or not there'll be another hike in May, that's bouncing around pretty good. Similarly, you've got a question of whether or not there's two cuts at the back half or three. So, we're operating with the same information you are. We're looking at the forward curve day-to-day thinking that through. At the same time, we're looking at our deposit balances. They're performing kind of the way we would think and we're competing for rate paid. So, I'd say, generally speaking, at this point, we feel pretty good about NII. It's obviously going to be up this year pretty significantly. And, look, we don't provide guidance for the full year for a very simple reason, it just comes down to -- it's very difficult to predict what the Fed is going to do six months and nine months out. But let me put it this way, we can see where our consensus is. Consensus is right around $57 billion, plus or minus. That's sort of the number that would imply us up for the year, 7% to 8%. I mean, I think, we're pretty comfortable there, but it's just so many moving parts, that's why we don't provide the guidance.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think, the team has done a really good job. Brian talked about that. A couple of years ago, we made a decision as a team that it was important for us to invest more in that business and we did that. And we've made pretty significant investments in equities and in fixed income. And we felt like, in particular, we could continue to grow our macro businesses, which we've done, and that's what has done a really good job until this quarter. This quarter, we just happen to fire on more cylinders, particularly in FICC, because this quarter we had a great quarter for our micro products and you kind of expect that, because it was a better quarter for them. We've had positive returns there. So, mortgages, credit, munis, financing, futures, FX, all of them had a pretty good quarter and, I think, Jim and the team are just executing at a really high level. So, they just got to keep at it.
Alastair Borthwick: Right now, that's our expectation. I mean, we're 90 days into the quarter -- I'd say into the year rather. Obviously, as we're looking forward, we see -- we know the headcount is coming down, so that's going to be a tailwind all the way through the course of the year. So, we don't have any change in our expectations right now. We're going to see how the year develops. We still got a little bit of a headwind in terms of something like our sales and trading business having a very good revenue year, and we're still investing in the business. So, it'll be a dog fight, particularly as we get into the back half of the year, but we still feel good about where we are with respect to the expense.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. So, Ken, think about -- I mean, the easiest way to think about those treasuries, they're swapped to floating, so they're essentially cash. And, actually, this quarter, we ended up converting some of them into cash, just because it's simpler, it's simpler for everyone to understand, and this is, obviously, a pretty good bid for treasuries this quarter. So, we just converted them into cash. That's what accounted for some of the securities loss there, it was a couple hundred million. But I think the way to think about it is, as the overall securities portfolio -- remember, we've got cash, we've got available-for-sale, you can always think about that as enhanced cash, and we've got hold-to-maturity, as that continues to pay down, we're just sweeping it right now into cash. That's something I've talked about in the last couple of quarters. And we're putting in cash, because: number one, it's a really high-yielding asset; number two, it gives us a lot of options during a period of volatility. So, pretty straightforward at this point.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. So, Mike, I'll start. Brian can add anything he chooses to. But one of the reasons that we spend as much time laying out the deposit franchise is because in a rising rate environment, you'd expect obviously that bond markets are going to turn negative. And, at the same time, you and we have been expecting, as rates go up, the NII would rise, because the deposits are so much more valuable in that environment. What we laid out for you and for everyone to see is just how broad and stable and diversified is this deposit base. We think it's very long-tenured. That's why we're laying out some of these things around just how long the relationships are in consumer and in wealth and in global banking, and it's one of the reasons why...
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. If you took a look at Slide number 9, we've tried to lay that out for you. So, you take a look at -- in consumer, for example, you're talking about 67% of the clients have been with us for more than 10 years. That's pretty long-tenured. I know from my time in the commercial bank, our clients on average were 17 years with us. You have long operational deposits in all of these businesses. So, that's what we're trying to lay out in front of everyone, so you can see that.
Alastair Borthwick: No. I think, look, what I'm trying to convey to you too, Mike, and you know how this works, we've got to balance all of this, because we have to think about the entire balance sheet. And there's a lot going on with the entire balance sheet. And so, what we're trying to do is invest that excess, which has existed now in hundreds of billions for many, many years. We've got to invest it the best way we can. And the way we do that, we talk about balancing it, it's we're -- number one, trying to make sure we grow capital. We've done that. We're up 100 basis points there in the last year. Number two, we're trying to grow liquidity. We added $23 billion in this past quarter. Number three, we're trying to grow earnings. We're at $8.2 billion, it's one of our best earnings quarters ever. So, look, we can always be better. You know that we're taking the portfolio and we're just making it smaller, it's run off now six quarters in a row. We're taking all of that and flowing it into cash and loans. That's what we've been doing. We'll just continue doing that, and the portfolio is going to get smaller and shorter overtime. And when you look at the asset sensitivity now, relative to rates going up 100 or rates going down 100, we're pretty balanced there too. We're sort of up $3.3 billion if rates go up 100. We're down $3.6 billion, if rates go down 100, so we feel like we're in a pretty balanced place and lot of flexibility at this point.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think, if you look at the value proposition that we're talking about, if you go to the consumer business, for example, we've invested so much in client experience, whether it's the financial centers, renovation, whether it's the new -- the people that we've added in that business over a long period of time, whether it's the digital, the mobile, preferred rewards, ours is a relationship model and it has been. And if you look then -- like, just think about this quarter, look at the organic growth in consumer again, that's a 130,000 net new checking, 17 quarters in a row. Based on that relationship value proposition, that's what we're attracting. If you go to the wealth management business, this was a record quarter for net new households for Merrill Lynch and a record for the Private Bank, this quarter. That tells you we're offering people something that's valuable. And then, we added 35,000 new bank accounts for people in our wealth management franchise. So, that again is a significant indicator that what we're offering as value to people. And if I were to go back to my old business in business banking and commercial banking, they're adding new logos and new clients over time in a way that we're really happy with right now. So, I think, the ultimate answer is, we are a purpose-driven company who put our clients' interests first. That is helping make their financial lives better. And in this period of time, people want stability and that's what we offer.
Alastair Borthwick: So, we're going to decline, Glenn, to give a specific number. We're pretty confident we saw noticeable flight to safety. And it comes in two parts. Part one is, during a period like March 10th and in around that week or two. And then just the second part that comes with onboarding clients over a period of time, who are trying to move operational accounts here and that takes a while, that has a lag. So, you can think about, we get some of the deposits quite quickly, but relationships take longer time to build and onboard. So, you can see from our numbers, it was improving before the disruption. We've chosen not to put an exact number on it, because there are typical ebbs and flows in any given quarter, leading up especially to a payroll end of quarter. But, generally speaking, I'd say, we were improving anyway. A lot of that is just organic growth, but we obviously benefited.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, we do use the forward curve, because we feel like it's the most kind of dispassionate assessment with the most information out there in the market from the broader set of people and, importantly, it's not just us making it up. So, we use the forward curve. And I even mentioned during my remarks, things are bouncing around, is it one hike? Is it zero? Is it two cuts? But the sensitivity that we provide around up 100 or down 100 is probably the best we can offer at this stage. And then, depending on how things develop, and they are developing quickly, it will allow you to adjust the model accordingly.
Alastair Borthwick: Correct. Right now, that's exactly what we've been doing. We've communicated that pretty clearly and that's what we're continuing to do. It just keeps getting smaller and shorter.
Alastair Borthwick: It's a little bit of both, Matt. You've got -- first quarter is just normally a seasonal build for us, so that happens, and a little bit of borrow. And you're right, it doesn't impact NIM, because you can invest it in cash three-way and there's no drag there, but it may hurt NOI slightly at the margin by a little bit.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. I'd expect it to slow over time, Vivek, because we're getting pretty close now to Q4 '19 levels anyway, which was the last peak. And, also, if you think about the big driver, it tends to be global banking. And as rates are rising, clients are doing their rotation, but we're getting towards the end of the hikes now, we would think. So, you'd anticipate there'll be a little bit of a lag there. But, generally speaking, I'd expect it to slow at some point and I think we're probably getting close now.
Alastair Borthwick: But I don't think you're going to find anything there other than sort of typical geographic distribution similar to the way we serve our customers around the United States.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think, if you were to take that same metric on the downside, it would be -- probably, be down $3.6 billion for down 100, just to give some idea. And what's happening now is, obviously, as the interest-bearing piece just continues to rise across the company, we've got a hedge now as rates, if and when they start to go back down, it won't be a complete hedge, but it'll be a little bit of a hedge there. And then, you also get something back in terms of global markets NII, that will start leading back positively. So, there's some puts and some takes, but we'll see how that develops over the course of the year.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, I think, just a couple of things going on. Number one, we didn't have any real loan growth. Number two, the asset quality remains terrific. Number three, the macro environment when you look at the blue-chip consensus was ever so slightly better. So, we felt like we were pretty well provided for already. And then, on the commercial side, we had a little bit of exposure run-off in one or two places where we may have been reserved quite conservatively. So, it was all those things added together.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, their profitability remains in a good place. Cash flows remain in a good place. I think, corporate America learn something from 2009 and 2008. And so, leverage is in a good place. You add all that up, you got a decent environment overall for the economy and that's where we are with respect to credit quality. So, we'll have to watch that over time. But as of right now, it's in terrific shape.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, look, we don't really have a significant change to our risk appetite. We haven't changed our client selection. Those are largely speaking design to be through the cycle. We will obviously adjust on specific concerns about asset quality performance in the sector or outlook. But, I'd say, with respect to our loan growth, it -- what we're seeing at more is, as the Fed raises rates, those rates are changing our customer demand. So, we just don't see as much demand right now for securities-based lending or mortgage, but it's less about credit tightening or standards, it's more about just Fed doing and having the effect that you would expect.
