Brian Moynihan: I think, Glenn, we might take you back a little bit in history to '15 and '16 when we started seeing the efforts in the BAC and the operating excellence kick in and what we said as we bring the expenses down. And then we'd expect them to grow, you have a 3% inflationary between raises and leave aside that the market's going up as you said, and could drive a moment in time and et cetera, but if you have 3% sort of embedded in CPI type of increases in merit and rents and things like that, and what we said is through our efficiency, we could -- when we got to the floor, which was the '19 year, the idea was then to manage that to 1% net growth, and we've been able to keep working at that. With the PPP and with the COVID-related costs and stuff, it's kind of threw it all around for the last 12 months, but you'll see that start to emerge coming out the other side. So the idea would be to grow revenues faster than the economy and grow expenses at a rate of net 1%, maybe 2% if the revenue growth is stronger. And, you know, that's the operating model. And you saw that come on quarter-after-quarter of operating leverage, I think for basically three years plus 14 quarters or something like, then the pandemic pushed that around. And as we stabilize after the pandemic a couple of quarters ago, you are seeing a comeback to the system.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. We announced -- we have teammates who're retiring. I've been CEO. This is 48th quarterly earnings conference call, so it's been a long time but -- and I would rather never have to have senior leaders move because -- but they have a choice in life and when they retire, we have to adjust to it. But what we tried to accomplish if you go back to last summer, we put a lot of senior executives onto the management team.  What has happened now with Andrew's retirement -- Tom's retirement and Andrew's retirement is those executives now are reporting directly to me. And that's really the efforts. So we were a younger, more diverse, three women, running the eight lines of business same philosophy how we run the Company.  And now with a group of people, we have your 5-10 years ahead of them and then we have two international colleagues on the management team for the first time. And Bernie (ph) and Kathy. Kathy is needed to help us in the European context as Brexit came through, it's different and that -- so she is going to go help us in that and be a great help to as Bernie has international -- does a great job for us.  But the idea was to elevate people who -- and also focused on people who are thinking 10 years out as opposed to 1 or 2 and retirement and so that's really genesis of it. You know, if people retire and we make reactions and, you know, Tom and Anne (ph) and Andrew have tremendous teammates. But the best thing they did for us, they developed a bench behind them that is extremely strong that can step into the jobs. And frankly, we're running a lot of the businesses as they -- over the last few years as they -- we all spent more time on driving our brand in the market and other things are more at the Company level.
Brian Moynihan: Paul wants to add a few comments on the change in monetary policy, and I will talk a little bit about sort of some of that thing.
Brian Moynihan: Gerard, just a couple of things. When looking at the consumer deposit base, sometimes, I think it's deja vu all over again, it's a classic statement, because in '15, '16, '17 it was all about the Fed's going to normalize rates and you're going to have to raise prices, and we didn't have to because we -- the reason why we don't have to is, these are core transaction accounts, in a large part, non-interest bearing. And so you'll see some of that same dynamic apply again as the rates normalize and the monetary supply has changed, but in the consumer business, 56% of the balances are checking, so that would say those are core transaction accounts, money moving in and out, very little CDs, I think 50, 60 billion bucks or something like that. So the $1 trillion is all basically in checking and money market. Can it move around?  Yes. If you look, one of the things that bodes and -- well for the economy is that if you look at a checking customer that has made $2,000 or $3,000 in balances with us, either sitting with 3 to 4 times -- 3 times what they had before the crisis. That's good news. They will spend some of that, I assume.  But interestingly enough, that's been growing month over month for the last few months. It's not going down, even though the stimulus payments to customers in large part other than the childcare stops. So one thing is it bodes well for the economy. And this isn't trying to  you to -- some viewpoint about it is there's consumers still have a lot of money in their accounts and are going to spend it.  Going back to your deposit question, could that mean those balances come down a little bit. But it would be overcome by the new accounts coming on at a million a year that carried $10,000 average balance, etc. We feel good about long-term deposit growth, and it's all -- it's driven by the check-in core transactions.  Loan-to-deposit ratio, it's our customers driving, so when the usage by the auto dealer lines was down to 25% of what it was because inventories being down, of course, we -- they want to borrow, we want to lend to them because that means they have the inventory to sell to the consumer. So this is a customer-driven business and so 900 billion  of loans against 2 trillion of deposits is largely driven by the customer activity.  The good news is you can see in those charts that I call the smile charts on the loan growth page there that the other half to smile is coming up, meaning that the customers are starting to draw on credit and use it. And that above well for the customer growing their businesses and stuff.  But importantly, thinking about just the economy generally. One of the things I just want to remind you, Gerard, is we breakout consumer and  and a lot of people talk about retail deposits. That is 1.4 trillion when -- 1.3 trillion when you combine them together. So it is a big machine and it's all transactional and we just don't think that moves as much on monetary supply questions as obviously institutional side.
Brian Moynihan: I'd say there's a couple areas. One, as you're well aware, we've expanded the balance sheet in the markets business. And they're seeing the returns on that stronger in the equities business and good -- and Jim DeMare and the team under Tom's leadership continue to do it. But stronger in the equities business in that.  So deploying balance sheet against that, recognizing activity levels, sustaining, etc. And then if you go in the lending business, it's customer selection. So we were out with those 100 extra relationship managers banging away at the world, getting more customers the hard way. And you're seeing net new customers in the business banking, small business segments and stuff growing.  You see that in the wealth management business. So what you'll see is that the Balance Sheet deployed to markets as a capital and balance sheet question. Everywhere else that's going to follow the customer, but it's the core customer growth and that's why you put those statistics and that you see.  Meanwhile, Merrill Lynch is over $300 million and becoming fairly significant enterprise on its own. And you see some of these other aspects. So we feel good about it. And like you said, Candice (ph) and the team are on a great research platform and they, they basically are 5% plus this year and 5% next year, which sets up well.
Brian Moynihan: We'll invest -- we'll continue to expand our -- we have more loans in the global core of investment banking segment outside the U.S. than we do inside the U.S. We continue to expand that. Matthew O'Connor and team have done a good job.  and team in corporate banking area are doing a great job.  So yes, we're going invest in that. And then the GTS, Ahmed and the team continued to develop our capabilities there, and we're getting the high single-digit revenue growth, soft deposits and fees combined together. And we continue to invest that real-time payments and it's just one thing after another.  So we're doing that, but outside, but I don't -- if the questions, are we going to change and go into the consumer business or wealth manager business outside the U.S., the opportunities in the consumer business are just -- and wealth management business in the U.S. are staggering to us.  Think about we just opened our 15th branch in Indianapolis. You and I would've been talking 4 years ago and it didn't  at any maybe as FY. We're now 7th market share, moving up strong. You look at it in Columbus and Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Salt Lake City and Minneapolis.  And you're seeing us move in the top 5, 7 from 0. And that growth in the new households is running multiples of 2019 and Merrill and the private bank. There's just so much opportunity to distract ourselves, would be not the time to do it. We're in a war with the competition, and we're winning.
Brian Moynihan: deferral applications, the unemployment payments, all those stuff it's going down, and that's coming down, so client-facing investments and technology stuff that goes up, but we continue to engineer the back-office, so watch that number, I think it was 209400 this quarter, 411 if I got it right, down for the quarter, down for the year. Managers are down about a 1,000 in the Company round numbers at this point, and we just continue to manage that down. So you've got the component parts that have come clear. We brought the run rate back down to flat year-over-year and we'll continue to work on it.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. If you think about premium amortization expense over time, it's going to depend on the path of rates. And I just would remind you that prepayment lags, movements and mortgage rates, people kind of focus on the 10-year.  It's about mortgage rates and they lag that by a little more than two months and I would also just remind everybody that as you think about premiumization expense, it's also important to really remember that the size of the  securities portfolio has increased a lot year-over-year. So all those things sort of have to go into your -- into your modeling.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. Well, look, in card income, just a couple of points to make just so no one's confused, when you look at our sort of Consumer Banking card income fees, they were up very nicely year-over-year at about 8% driven, as you said, by the purchase volume increases despite the fact that payment rates are still relatively high.  But when you look at the consolidated line, you're not going to see that. That's up only slightly versus Q3 '20 because of the decline in card income associated with processing unemployment claims, which sits in global markets. Just for some clarification there. In terms of balances, look, we're expecting card balances to continue to improve.  The balances grew 7% quarter-over-quarter on an annualized basis, including some small growth and revolving balances. And we opened over a million new accounts, which now matches pre-pandemic levels. I think balanced growth reflected higher spend and the reinitiated marketing efforts that we've talked about, including promo offers.  While again, payment rates remained elevated. We expect higher Q4 seasonal purchase volume, and that's going to drive additional balances in cards.
Brian Moynihan: The second thing is that the spending levels are growing at 10% growth rates. In an economy in the U.S. which is led by the American consumer, that is a tremendous amount of spending that's going on, and it's accelerating, even as the stimulus is not in the rearview mirror by quite a -- many months. So as people get back to work and higher wages and things, there's just more money to spend.  So I think the focus on card as a spending vehicle versus a borrowing vehicle,  something we look at, but if we like the business, we continue to generate a million new cards as Paul talked about, and it will break down about who needs to borrow and what, and the asset quality is unbelievable. The NIM is as high as it's ever been, and that's a good business.
Brian Moynihan: And then what you get is -- what you're left with, I think is the loan growth for two quarters now, and we took in a lot of deposits quarter-over-quarter. We put some of those towards the loan growth. We put some of those in cash, and we put some of those in the securities portfolio.
Brian Moynihan: If you can look at that by just tracking the CPRs and make your estimates. You know the size of portfolio in the basis, but just backing up a little bit, loan growth -- in the first quarter we said -- we thought we're seeing the stabilization and there's a lot of people formulated against that saying, wait, how can that be true? The second quarter we said -- in the second-half quarter especially we saw growth.  All that loan stayed on the books plus we grew it on top of that, as we said earlier, at $60 billion excluding the PPP. That's what's going to build into the NII projections going forward because that's 250, 300 basis points spread stuff. And remember, we're funding with 0 cost deposits to the tune of 2 or $300 billion up year-over-year.  So that's what drives -- that's what will drive it long-term. Short-term, it'll be all the things you talked about, but that's going to stabilize at somewhere at this point and then take -- and then it's really going to come back down to what we do on the banking side of balance sheet, make loans, take deposits, and make the spread between them.  And the best news is the NIM percentage actually started moving up and that shows you that the stabilization leads to that coming through as we grow the loans.
Brian Moynihan: We agreed with that. That's all. Thank you all for your attention. Just to close the quarter out, I could just take Chris's comment and say we returned to organic growth trends in pre-pandemic. we saw a solid loan demand, good revenue growth, 12% year-over-year expenses, flat year-over-year for great operating leverage at 12% returning to that effort to drive that quarter-by-quarter to make the great investments to drive the franchise at the same time, having expense disciplined 12 $12 billion of capital, went back to this quarter.  We continued return the excess capital and all the current earnings because frankly, we can grow without retaining capital because of the core way we run the business on a risk basis. We continue to do what we need to do in our communities outside the same time. And just in closing, I want to thank Paul for his services as CFO and we look forward to Allison and team taking over next quarter. Thank you.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So relative to the Q3, will have less and  PPP loan forgiveness. However, we think we should be able to overcome this decline and produce modest growth in NII in Q4. Through a combination of loan growth, liquidity deployment, and modestly lower premium amortization expense.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. Modestly, would imply that we tend to tell you what we could do and we do it. So that's how we run the Company so, yes.
Paul Donofrio: The way I would think about '22, we're not going to provide specific guidance, but as a quarterly base for 2022, just start with our rough estimate of Q3 or Q4 here. Q4 should be flattish to potentially modestly lower than Q3. So just start with that as a base and add to that the seasonal higher payroll tax in the first quarter, which is roughly 250 million. And then as Brian said, add in inflationary costs, which we've being, as Brian said, targeting at around 1%.  But given the war for talent, right now, maybe you want to add a little bit more than 1% next year. And then lastly, adjust that base for any assumption you make around higher or lower revenue expectations in the areas that are closely linked to compensation and exchange fees. If you do that math, you're going to come up with I think a pretty good estimate for '22.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Look, COVID -- there's still a couple of 100 million of net COVID in our costs, just down modestly from Q2. We're seeing some reduction in COVID's costs, but we incurred some new costs as people return to the office. While there's not a lot left, it does create, I think, modest opportunity over the next year or so to get those costs out.
Paul Donofrio: So Mike, on the first -- the production of net new checking accounts, and remember Mike, this is not -- you've been around us a long time, and these are core checking accounts. The primary keeps going up. It actually went from 92 to 93% over last year of primarily accounts. So the production hit this quarter was I think a 10-year high in terms of net accounts. And that's coming both from the digital 30% of sales round numbers.  And we now have, to your point over the last three years, developed full digital execution in terms of account opening for core accounts in terms of auto purchases, in terms of mortgage origination, etc, which now allow the fully digital practice to take place. Half the sales are digital, the good news honestly is that as the branches reopened over the last -- and people -- the business went up, you saw the count sold rise because it takes both high-tech, high-touch and high-tech to be successful.  So the percentage of sales that digital came down, but that's because overall sales jumped up and obviously there are more brands dominate. But you got it exactly right. We think that is a more efficient method of accumulating customers. We think we have about 17% market share in the Gen-Z area that is heavily digitally originated. A lot of college, a lot of other things going on. But the key is to realize the net balances per account have gone from 7,000 to 10,000 over the last couple of years.  So you're seeing a bigger and bigger core position. When you go with -- and that's one thing to keep it in mind is when we give you our 40 digital customers, these customers are core customers with big balances. Merrill Lynch, for example. I think we're up to 70,000 or something average balance per account, not 3,000 or 4,000. But anyway, just on the cloud. The cloud is a complex question.  As you are well aware, over the last 8, 10 years, Kathy and the team led an effort to internalize our cloud, which made us a lot more efficient. And so we look at -- we run -- percentage of our business outside due to certain executions and things like that. We have 500 different software programs that run in a FA -- the SaaS basis, which is the question cloud can be misleading is can you get to the -- all the product types or capability types?  You can get out there because of the new companies that develop them on the cloud-based systems and we can get to them all. The IBM's efforts to internalize a Cloud that we can use the financial service industry and IBM is working on that. But these things have to be done carefully for purposes of security and trust and understanding our businesses.  And so far, we've come to the judgment that we're continuing to internalize and saving a lot of money and we continue to add modest amount to the cloud. But importantly, there's no restraint on our ability to tap innovation, ingenuity based on whether it's running internally or externally. Next question, please.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. So look, we expect deposit growth to continue, although it's going to be likely at a slower rate than what was experienced so far this year. And we expect our growth to continue in line with or slightly better than the industry. You got to remember that we're entering a phase of tapering.  Taping is still QE, so deposits are really not likely to decline until many quarters to look back at historical data after QEM if they ever do. Because as the economy expands, the multiplier effect could -- we could see growth in deposits even though money supply is coming down.  So we'll just have to wait and see, but what we do know is as QE starts, we're still going to -- it's still going to be stimulative from a deposit standpoint and then as I said, if posits do decline, it will probably many quarters, a couple of years maybe after QE ends.
Paul Donofrio: We'd look. We have a lot of excess liquidity right now. So there's always an opportunity to deploy some of that in the future. We're always balancing liquidity, capital, and earnings and rates rise. I think we probably would have to study whether we want to deploy some of that liquidity at higher rates.  We've got our interest rate sensitivity disclosure, which is probably the best way to talk about the opportunity if rates were to rise. It sits today because of our liability insensitivity, the value of those deposits and customer relationships that Brian just talked about, that's sitting at $7.7 billion for a parallel shift, 70% of that's on the short end. So that gives you a sense of maybe the opportunity here as rates rise.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. I mean, it's simply put. We manage it dynamically. The Board manages it dramatically on a quarterly basis. And what's happening is if you look at where we thought we'd be, we're in it with more capital because we're earning more money. And then we clean up a little bit here and there, but we're working towards over a multi-quarter period towards where -- back towards our target and we'll continue to focus on that.
Paul Donofrio: Let me just correct, because I think either you didn't hear us right or we said something wrong. But we're expecting modest NII growth from the third quarter to the fourth quarter.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. We gave some perspective in the initial comments that I made about '21 versus '22. We're not really providing specific guidance on '22, but let me just give you a couple of reminders and qualifiers that it's going to depend. NII is going to depend on loan and deposit growth, and we expect both of those to continue to grow consistent with a growing economy.  We also expecting lower premium amortization expense over time consistent with the path before rates. When -- all the guidance we ever give you is always dependent on the forward curve at that moment. So assuming the current forward curve and given our expectations around improving NII in the second half of this year, we've already booked the third quarter. I've given you guidance on the fourth quarter.  That one could expect I think robust improvement in NII, comparing the full-year '21 versus the full-year '22. By the way, I want to correct one thing I said earlier. I mentioned that our asset sensitivity 100 basis points rise parallel shift to the curve was 7.7 -- it's actually 7.2, so sorry for that.
Paul Donofrio: All the factors you're talking about go into -- we -- we use the curve and so all you market participants in all of the debate, we don't use some internal estimates, we've always used the curve of it don't know that for a long, long time going back a couple of decades, that's how we build that estimate of asset sensitivity based on the forward curve at the time at the end of the quarter whenever we got.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. Look, we expect our ESG activities to increase over time, so as we go into '22 and '23, and as we've long talked about the fourth quarter is generally the highest for that pretax -- for that loss that we book in other income for entering into these partnerships. I do think it's important to remind everybody. I know, you know it, but I'll remind everybody that these partnership losses are booked in other income.  But they are more than offset in the tax line. So as we grow these activities in the future, there will be a small headwind to revenue growth, but not to net income growth given the tax benefits of these investments. As you think about modeling, everybody out there, we expect the fourth-quarter loss to be 800 million on the other income line from these tax investments, or even perhaps a little higher, reflecting both that typical seasonal increase in the fourth quarter and partnership investments, as well as there were a few deals in the third quarter that got delayed because of all the logistical stuff.  And we think they're going to pop into the fourth quarter. Beyond that, putting the fourth-quarter aside, a good modeling assumption for the normal three-quarters of '22, I would say, absent unusual items. It will be a quarterly loss of 400 to 500 for those ESG investments, Again, in the other income line, more than made up for in the tax line.
Paul Donofrio: You've got some but not all the components because you got the COVID-related expenses and what happens next year. But I think the leading thing for everybody to focus on is what's the headcount because , if you think about the expense base, it's dominated by people and buildings and equipment they operate on and positioning them for success.  And that headcount and  drifting down as it has because the impact of the runoff of some of the special programs that we had 0.5 million PPP loans to medium customer,
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. The only other thing I would add, Brian, if I may; we're clearly focused on managing expenses well, but what we're really focused on is creating operating leverage. And that -- you saw that this quarter. And that's how we really think about the business model. We've got to grow revenue. And in terms of expense growth, we've got to grow expenses slower than we're growing revenue, and we've given you the 1% framework.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. I think just a couple of things. You got the balance question on cards, but you do always have to look at the spending side of it. And we said -- debit and credit cards are only about 20% of the way consumers spend money out of their accounts. Cash, all the ATMs, checks written. Zelle is taking off and becoming a meaningful amount of the payments.  I think in -- but cards are an easy form of payment. We're already seeing  tap cards or things at 12% of the spend, 12% of the penetration already, but the good news is, no matter how you cut it and how you look at it, two good messages, card balances are growing, but there's still tremendous capacity for the consumers to borrow if they want to, to do things.
