Alastair Borthwick: Glenn, I’ll start with just -- just by way of context, obviously. We’re coming off a period with historic inflows for pandemic deposits. And now in Q4, we’re beginning to see the impact of quantitative tightening and a number of sharp rate rises. So, that obviously creates some uncertainty. We don’t necessarily have a playbook for that. We just got to see how actual balances perform, and we’ve got to see how the rotation and the rate paid develop. So, it’s dynamic. It’s evolving, and we manage and we forecast that weekly. So, when we lay out for you the actuals on page 7 and 8 of the earnings presentation, we’re trying to show you what we’re seeing in real time around balances and mix. So, what we’ve said with respect to this quarter coming up is we got to adjust for the day count as we would every year. That’s timing, and we’ll get that back, obviously, in Q2 and Q3. And then we highlighted the global markets NII impact. It’s always been there. The last couple of quarters, it’s been around $300 million. It is revenue neutral to shareholders as we point, because we pass that along to clients and we capture elsewhere in sales and trading, but it does obviously impact the NII. That’s why we’re highlighting it. But as it relates to the forecast, look, we feel like the modest balance declines are kind of in there that may continue. And this continued rotation from some of the noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing. We got some pricing and rate pressure. So, that’s in the back of our mind, too. And the only final thing I’ll just say is, we’re reluctant to go a whole lot further out. Last year, we declined to give a full year guide. This year, we feel that way in particular because it’s just a much more sensitive environment when we’re modeling when interest rates are at 5% than when they were at 50 basis points. So, for all those reasons. Now, I will say this, that’s the final point. We just got -- I think we got to stay patient because we got to see how rates and balances and rotation shake out. And as rates return to more normal and as customer behavior and you can sort of see it, it’s behaving and maybe a little more normally than we should be able to resume our upward path over time. But we’ve got to see how this shakes out, and that’s why we don’t want to go out beyond Q1 at this stage.
Alastair Borthwick: Just remember that we’re talking about office with very high-quality underwriting characteristics, all A Class, et cetera. And so we just have a conservative rating process, frankly. And it’s well viewed out there and well looked at by many people. But remember, office is $14 billion to $15 billion of the total portfolio. So, we feel very comfortable where we are. And then, obviously, we built reserves against the portfolios across the board that are strong and reflect, as I said earlier, basically a mild recession in the base case and the worst recession in the adverse case that we wait 40%.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So Mike, if I go back to six months ago, quarter two earnings, what we said at the time was we thought over the course of the next six months, NII might go up by $1.8 billion, $1.85 billion. In actual fact, it’s gone up $2.25 billion. So, that’s the actuals. Remember, we’re forecasting as best we can at any given time, up $2.25 billion. Q3 was more favorable than I think we had thought and Q4 was less favorable. And the Q4 was less favorable in large part because the balances behaved just a little bit differently, and the rate paid behaved just a little bit differently. And the mix or rotation, if you like, that behaved a little differently. It kind of makes sense because Q4 is where QT kind of kicked in. So look, we don’t have a great deal of precedent. It’s obviously a historic period. It’s difficult to forecast quarter-to-quarter, and it’s -- our models are just a lot more sensitive right now. So, I think we’re going to try and share with you what we know when we know it, but it’s just a more difficult environment at this point to predict looking forward.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, we’re not going to look too far into the future, John. But if you look at our 90 days past due in the credit card data that we show you every quarter, that tends to give you a pretty good leading indicator of what’s coming down next quarter. So, you can see the 90 days past due have picked up just a little bit, 30 days past due have picked up just a little bit. We’re still well below where we were pre-pandemic, but that would tell you on the consumer side, it looks like it’s drifting just a little higher. So, that’s number one. Number two, with respect to commercial, this quarter was a little unusual. We had three deals that we ended up having to charge off. Not correlated in any way. They’re in totally different businesses, and they’ve been hanging around for a while. But it was -- two of them are fully reserved. So, they didn’t come as a surprise. But, I think because the commercial stuff was so close to zero, it immediately looks like a pop in any given number. That’s part of the reason why we showed those graphs of what charge-offs have looked like over time in the earnings materials. But, the commercial portfolio continues to look very strong.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, we said we’re quite open for business in the fourth quarter, and that remains the case. Brian covered the capital point. We had to do what we had to do in the third quarter. We did it. We’ve added 75 basis points of capital in the last two quarters, puts us in a great place. So mainly what you’re seeing in Q4 is just it was a slower environment for loan growth. A year ago, we were talking about the fact we anticipated that loan growth might be high single digits, and we grew 10. This year, we feel like it’s going to be mid-single digits, it’s going to be slower. And it’s going to be led by commercial, it will be led by card, but things like securities-based lending, that’s just quieter. We’ve got balances being paid down there. Mortgage is quiet through this year. And then, in our base case, you look at the economic blue-chip consensus, you can see forecast is for recession. So, it will be a quieter our loan growth year this year, I suspect, but we’re open for business to support our clients.
Alastair Borthwick: Erika, the other thing I’d just say is you think about why we’ve got a slowdown in some of our fee-based businesses right now, it’s because rates have risen so quickly and that’s created a lot of volatility and it’s created -- the asset management business that’s had a big sell off in bonds and stocks. So, we’re poised now in a lower base where we can grow from here. Same thing, if you look at our net income, we’ve really outrun pretty historic decline in investment banking fees. So, we got a diversified set of businesses where as some normalcy returns, we can see some pickup in those fee lines as well.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So most of the increase in securities portfolio, we’re not really reinvesting in there at this point as the securities portfolio started declining. We’re using the money that’s throwing off to put it into loans. That’s always our first preferred place. So, you’re picking up on the right thing. It’s mainly the treasuries that are in there, they’re swapped to floating. That way, we don’t have any capital impact from rising rates. And so, you’re going to see the securities yield just continue to pick up. Number one, based off of the treasuries swap to floating as floating rates go higher. And number two, as the securities come due, there’ll be fewer and fewer of them at lower rates. And so, you’re going to see the pickup over time.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think Brian said the right things. The strategy hasn’t changed. We’ve got to, number one, support our clients. We’re going to number two, invest in our growth. Then we plan to just sustain and grow our dividend and over time, we’ll balance building capital and buying back shares. I think, the difficult part with Basel III endgame right now is we don’t have the rules. So, we got to wait, I think, until we see those. They’ll go through a comment period. At that point, we’ll offer much more perspective. But I’ll say the obvious, banks have got plenty of capital. We were asked to take 90 basis points more in June. There’s a lot of procyclicality already in things like the stress test and stress capital buffer and in CECL. And I think, look, we’ve shown our ability to perform and build capital, in this case, 75 basis points in two quarters. So, we’ll deal with whatever the ultimate rules come out with.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, I don’t know that we’ve thought about it in terms of like a corridor of NIM, but we definitely think about balancing earnings and capital and liquidity through the cycle. So, I don’t see us making significant changes to our core. We’re trying to make sure that we operate and deliver in all rate environments that can be high or two years ago can be zero rate environment. So the changes -- you can start to see our changes at the margin. You can see we’re taking securities out and replacing them with loans, and you can see everything restriking higher. So, we’ve got a smaller, more efficient balance sheet. We, at the margin may consider fixing some rates here depending on how things develop over the quarter. But it’s -- we’ve had a pretty, I’d say, good strategy that’s allowed us to drive net interest yields. You can see those on page 16. They’re up 46% over the course of the past year and drive the NII. That’s up $3.3 billion year-over-year. So, we feel like we struck that balance. That’s what responsible growth means to us. And at the margin, we’ll probably still maintain a little bit of asset sensitivity.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So, you’re aware, the main driver there is commercial real estate. And it’s specifically around about $1 billion of it is office. Obviously, there’s a significant amount of change going on in office. And what we’ve chosen to do is as rates are rising here, we’re pushing that through the models. And just with the debt service coverage it comes down, we pushed through the downgrade. So, we’ve chosen to do that. The performance is still okay. So, we’re not concerned with the performance, but we’re just making sure we’re being tight on the modeling there. It is obviously a portfolio where I think you know this, we’re pretty focused on making originations into office buildings that are leased up, generally at 55% LTV at origination and 75% of that book is Class A office building. So, we’re not alarmed there. We’re just following our own process with respect to making sure we’re current on the debt service coverage.
Brian Moynihan: Don’t disclose that. You might assume that there’s a fair amount. There are three components to this. One is what the model say, two is basically uncertain in precision and other things we overlay and then a judgmental, and you might think that there’s a fair amount of that right now with the uncertainty. But -- so the model piece, that would be a portion of it.
Brian Moynihan: I think -- when you look at that higher-end consumer, not really, they move to when the rate in the market yields money market funds, we move them to it, and it’s part of what we do. And that sort of investment cash, Gerard, as we call it, moves, the checking accounts don’t move. The difference, frankly, is that there was a lot of stimulus that was in addition to the earnings power of consumers. So, we’ve never had that in history, but -- and so that amount of stimulus. The question is, will they spend it down or will they keep storing it up? And they’ve been spending it down very modestly across sort of medium income households or so and the general consumer business. Give you an example, the cohort that was $2,000 to $5,000 in average balances pre-pandemic at $3,400, they’re still sitting at $12,800, but they peaked early in ‘22 at $13,400. So, they’re drifting down, but it’s still multiples. The big question was, will they end up spending that down? If they’re employed, probably not. But if they’re -- if unemployment rate changes -- and our models assume the unemployment rate changes. So I think we’re at 6 basis points now in total consumer rate paid. The rate structure is very high. And we are 11 basis points, it was -- where we got to, we have very low CD volumes and things that have a fair amount of money markets, but most of it’s checking. That’s why we showed you the differential in checking. So, is it different? Yes, probably in the mass consumer business just because they are sitting on more cash and may use that cash, in certain scenarios, but the rest of the behavior is largely the same, including in the corporate business where people can have less balances and the effective credit rate generates a bigger number to cover their fees, so they tend to pull the balances out.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I mean, I can’t say definitively, but you’ve seen -- that’s what we showed you on those pages where we show the stable -- the account balances are relatively stable in wealth management in the fourth quarter, $300-odd billion -- $300-odd billion. Basically, they’re flat, if you look across the last several weeks. So, there’s always a little bit of migration to the preferred deposit, which is a market for higher-yielding sort of money market account. But, the big shift in that was, frankly, in the second quarter of ‘22 when I think we had $50 billion-odd numbers of tax payments, which was lot higher than in past years due to -- if you think about the ‘21 dynamic and capital gains and other things that went through. So, what we’re seeing is the last 4 or 5 weeks, we’re seeing relatively stable in deposit balances. Quarter end three, quarter and four basically flat, a little bit of movement among the categories. But in that business, frankly, a fairly sort of stable place right now. And so I think this long answer, realize a sort of answer if they move the money, they kind of already moved it.
Brian Moynihan: On the first thing, Mike, you -- it was something I was going to pick up on earlier to the first question. You picked up it going to the point -- we will have growth in NII year-over-year in the range you talked about, if you take the $14.4 billion, as Alistair said, we expect it to sort of be less variability and annualize that, compare that to ‘22 of 9% as you said. So, you’re exactly right. So that’s good growth. And I think you’ll see as you move through the year ‘23, leave aside the economic scenario playing out. But you’ll see -- you’ll move from where we are today, which is uncertainty about where the balances will finally settle in and the plateauing of those balances to where you get back to normalized growth and normalized loan growth, et cetera. So, you’ve got it right. There’ll be nice NII growth year-over-year. On expenses, if you look at your guys’ estimates for us, 62.5%, which is what we sort of said earlier this -- in the fourth quarter, we’re comfortable with that. That’s what the average of the Street analysts are. And that takes a lot of good management to get there, and we’ll continue to work on it, letting the headcount drift back down and continuing to invest in things that provide efficiencies. So, you’ve got it. And key to that is the six quarters of operating leverage and the idea of continuing that going.
Brian Moynihan: We’ve always said that the first desire is always to support business growth, and that’s what we’ve been doing. We then -- we’re well above our minimums. We’re on a path to close out the requirement for next year. And so, we bought back a chunk of shares this quarter, you expect that to start to increase neutralizing employee issuances and then going above that each quarter now because we -- 11.2% something, we were close to 11.4% targets. So, we’re back in the game.
Brian Moynihan: I think, I’ll put all those questions together in one answer. If you go the page that’s in the report where we sort of say, look at the difference between the consumer business in ‘19 and now. And it’s something to be excited about because we have -- during a period of time where we were completely shut down in branches like 2,000, open back up. We actually went down from 4,300 branches to 3,900 branches. We built out in a lot of new cities. We still have work. We have 10% more checking accounts. The customer favorability is an all-time high. Our small business part of that business is the biggest in the country and growing. And you look at that, and that provides a great anchor, which provides that great stable deposit base, we show you on the slide where we show that base. It also provides a lot of very low-cost deposits. And as rates rise and materialize that. And then if you think what happened last cycle, for a year when rates did not move up, we continue to grow deposits in the consumer business in the mid-single-digits, which just is infinite leverage. And so, that’s something to be excited about from not only a customer side, where we’re digitized and Zelle usage is going up. Erica usage is going up -- Erica, meaning our Erica, not you, Erika. But the -- and the balance of the consumer investments open up 7% more accounts in a year where investment world was choppy. And then you pair that into the wealth management business, same thing, one of the biggest deposit franchise in the country, biggest -- 3-point-something trillion high, $3 trillion of assets, growing net households at the fastest rate it’s grown in a long, long time, maybe history, growing advisers. Those are things to get excited. That’s the organic growth engine in the company. You got to put that against the backdrop of a plateauing of NII, which is basically what Alastair said sort of think about less variability around the $14.4 billion starting number, which might be annualized and did math. And so, did the math and made it out, but that provides us a good base of which to drive forward. And so, you really got to get through the economic uncertainty and then all those things will start to bear. Meanwhile, the trading business, which we invested in a couple of years ago now at its best fourth quarter ever and Jimmy and the team are doing a good shape. And so, I -- we just feel good about the overall franchise, more customers, more of each customer, and then that provides a big stable base, which is rate increases slow down, the marginal impact of it will slow down until we see the good core loan and deposit growth, which you saw after rate -- the last rate rising increase stopped and produced the 20 quarters of operating leverage or -- and things like that. So, that’s pretty good to be excited about. Because bank growing its franchise and they are -- growing solid economy in the world at a faster rate than anybody else is pretty interesting.
Brian Moynihan: The scenario of rate cuts and rate rises, we basically use blue chips. So, I’m not sure. It depends on what’s causing that. So if it’s a normalization of the rate curve back to say, 3% at front end, 4.5% at the back end or something like that. That’s different than what you saw when they had to cut rates for the pandemic or after the financial crisis and left in there for years to get the engine of the United States economy restarted. What’s different this time, frankly, and that’s what we’re talking about the consumer data is even with a strong rise in interest rates, a less tight labor market, and inflation and what people are being told to worry about, you’re actually seeing consumer spending consistent with a good 2% growth environment, a low inflation environment, which is good because the consumer is being appropriately conservative right now.
Brian Moynihan: That’s a couple of things. If you look in the fourth quarter, you can see the cards come up, which is seasonal, and that’s going to come down, and that’s one of the things that people tend to pay those down. The usage of those cards frankly, are still at low levels, the pay rate, the way to think about that still in the 30s. So, that’s sort of one thing that’s been kind of consistent through the pandemic. The customers are paying down the card balances. And you expect at some point, those will get back to more normalized paydown rate in the mid-20s. The second is line usage, frankly, has also come back down. It’s not gotten ever back to where it was pre-pandemic, and it moved up and it dropped by 100 or so basis points, which across a lot of lines is a fair amount of loan. So, that you saw. And so, how corporates manage their borrowing and cash and demand cycle seems to be flattening out a little bit. Then obviously, acquisitions and things are way slowed down, so there wasn’t much activity there. So, I think you put it together, then you have in the securities-based business, customers took down leverage, paid off a fair amount of loans in the wealth management business, even though they’ve grown, I think, for 50 some quarters in a row now or something like that in loan balances, it happens, mortgages, obviously, are low. So -- but what we think is as the rate environment settles in, you’ll see that normalize and that we’ll get -- we’ll be back on the mid-single digits. We just won’t have the 10% loan growth year-over-year because that is faster in economy and faster we do. We have not changed credit underwriting standards. And you can see that in the consistency of the origination standards back in pages of the appendix where we show sort of our cars and home equity and things like that. It’s just the demand side is a little soft because people are reading the same headlines we’re all reading about recessions coming and what should -- they should be careful.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we always have the variable compensation stuff will drop because assuming that the reason why rates are going -- being cut is because economic activities were some people thought. And then you have the general just efficiency movements in the house that we’ve been pretty good at. And then, you have to remember, we try to get people to go off of nominal expense to operating leverage. And so, we have six quarters of operating leverage. As the NII growth slows down, we have to manage a company to produce operating leverage. And so, we’d expect that fees might stabilize and absorb the $1 billion downdraft in quarterly investment banking fees and start to work up from there and other types of things. So, I think we feel very good about the ability to find ways to manage expenses, always have. We slowed down hiring as we came into the fourth quarter, not because, frankly, we were hired -- we’ve gotten our hiring to match the great resignation earlier in the year, and it was sort of overachieving. So, we slowed that down, and that will allow us to get back in the line and start to bring the headcount back down to where we want it to be. But those are, frankly, positions that are relatively -- have a relatively high movement rate and only because of the nature of the job. So we feel good about between very rate compensation, between continue to reduce headcount for efficiency and frankly, just activity levels, in a down scenario we’ll be able to pull the expenses down. But yes, meanwhile, we we’re going to invest $3.7 billion in technology development in ‘23 versus $3.4 billion in ‘22. We continue to add bankers. We had 800 wealth management advisers in the second half of last year, where our training program for those across wealth manage -- all of our wealth management businesses and other trading programs. We continue to hire young talented people. So we’re trying to maintain that balance of continuing to invest in the growth opening in new cities. We’re averaging -- these branches we’re opening are extremely successful when you look at the size of them relative to anybody else’s opening practice. And so, why would you stop that. And yet the total number of branches comes down because we’re managing the expense side. So, we’re paying for this stuff as we go. But -- and so you could slow some of that down and get leverage out of it. But the question would be, as we’re in that scenario, is that the right decision for long-term value creation.
Brian Moynihan: So, Vivek, we just said less -- there’d be less variability around that number due to the fact the market stuff has gone to zero. That has no impact on it that you saw over the last few quarters have impact. So, less variability. All the things you cited are the reasons why we tend to say you have to be careful about saying what’s going to happen in the fourth quarter ‘23 with great clarity. What we did say is if at this level with less variability, you’ll have nice growth over this year to next year. But I think everything you point out, whether it’s whether it’s rates going up faster than people think because inflation doesn’t going to roll or come down because people think that they’ve done a good job and they want to get behind the economy. We base our modeling on the blue chip economic assumptions out there and then looking at our balances and stuff. And so, I think that’s a reluctance. So all your points are great points, and they’re all why we are reluctant to say. I can tell you to the 3 decimal places where it’s going to be three quarters out because it can move around on you. And to Mike’s earlier point, we grew $1.2 billion and $900 million in linked quarter and somehow people thought that wasn’t good enough because there’s math that could have would have gotten you difference. So, stay tuned and we’ll tell you what we know when we know it. And -- but it’s good again at customer growth. 1 million net new checking accounts, starting at $5,000 balances, growth in wealth management and loans and deposits. These are things that stick with you and be good no matter what the scenario.
Brian Moynihan: It’s similar. It’s -- they’re all moving down very slightly, that average balance for that same group of customers taken out. I’d say -- so it’s in the same sort of -- different sizing, but it’s the same thing. I don’t have it right in front of me, but -- I’ll have Lee get it to you. But I don’t -- but it’s moving down slightly. The interesting part of that, Vivek, obviously, is in the highest average balances. You actually have seen them down from pre-pandemic, which means you saw them reposition that in the market. So going to the early question, we may have seen a lot of that already take place. But I think of it as being down slightly quarter-over-quarter in that cohort.
Brian Moynihan: Thank all of you. Good quarter to finish 2022, and thank you to our teammates for producing it. We continue to grow earnings year-over-year. We have good organic growth and operating leverage for the sixth straight quarter. Those will continue in 2023. The asset quality in the company continues to remain at historic lows relative to any normalized time period in the company’s history, including the strong credit performance we had just leading into the pandemic. So, our job is now to drive what we can control, which is the organic growth of the franchise, the investments that we make are bearing fruit and also to keep the expenses in good control, and we plan to do that in 2023. Thank you. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
