Lee McEntire: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning. Thank you for joining the call to review our second quarter results. Hopefully you've had a chance to review our earnings release documents. As usual they're available, including the Earnings Presentation that we'll be referring to during the call on our Investor Relations section of the bankofamerica.com website. I'm gonna first turn the call over to our CEO, Brian Moynihan for some opening comments, and then Paul Donofrio, our CFO will cover the details of the quarter.  Before I turn the call over to Brian and Paul, let me just remind you, we may make some forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial measures during the call regarding various elements of the financial results. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and assumptions, and they're subject to risks and uncertainties.  Factors that may cause actual results to materially differ from expectations are detailed in our earnings materials, our SEC filings on our website. Information about the non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to U.S. GAAP, can also be found in our earnings materials that are on our website. So with that, let me turn it over to you, Brian. It's all yours.
Lee McEntire: Hey, Charlie, this is Lee. So why don't we take this offline and you and I can go through this afterwards. I see where you're headed.
Lee McEntire: Yes. What I'd also just add though, just while everybody is on the line, is just remember our charge-offs are running significantly lower. In addition -- forget about all the reserving against the balance.
Brian Moynihan: Hi, Glenn. I think if you look across all the businesses, on an end of period basis, have loan growth, which bodes well. The usage online is still low. And so that is still running in the low 30s, which is about a 1,000 basis points on average lower in the banking segment. But what you see underneath that is that even business banking, which is the segment from 5 million to50 million, is net growing finally, and it was the most affected by the PPP runoff. And the runoff in PPP in the quarter was about $6 billion, $7 billion or something like that. We impulse basically flat average balances, that included. We overcame that.  So we feel good as you look across the things. So what you really see is your net card production back to pre-pandemic, you see gross card production basically about 90% of pre-pandemic. You see autos, which will pick back up as inventories become available. And the real driver on the consumer side is mortgages. We've basically been holding our own right now. And that was different than, frankly, on the refi side, we lost some balances through the last several quarters. And on the commercial side, it's really line usage, honestly can't go any lower. Maybe can, but theoretically you can't because it's been stuck here for a good four or five quarters with the activity.  But the auto dealer line usage, which is net side the house, for example, is very low than it traditionally is. So we expect those to pick back up, but the key is we're actually producing more customers and more clients even at a low usage and the loans are starting to grow.
Brian Moynihan: Matt, I'll let Paul hit it more specifically. But one of the things that we just have to always keep minding, and you've touched on, is that deposits have crossed $1.9 trillion and the loans are 900 and change. And that difference has got to be put to work. And the route is we generate $80 billion deposit growth. And we got to put it to work, and that's what we do.  And so we're not timing the a market of betting or in a way, we just sort of deploy when we're sure it's really going to be there. And so -- and that's been our strategy. And yes, we put them to work and it turned out to be, in the aftermath, a good thing. And I think frankly, I'd rather have a higher rate structure if that is a long-term earning for the Company, but I'll let Paul talk about redeploying.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. They got to take out. We do have to keep straight cash, obviously, that we showed you. But that's generally the way to think about it. And the debate is, do you remember, we hedged a lot of the stuff that we bought just to protect ourselves a little bit.  But that's the simple way to think about it. In the bank side balance sheet that's a simple way to about, but obviously the securities firms different.
Brian Moynihan: Actually going back to Glenn's question, Matt. One thing is we can't take advantage of is, our extreme efficiency in the consumer business with the rate structure. And so I think they got down and are – they are pushing towards a 100 -- 120 basis points of deposits because of the growing core-checking customers at a more rapid pace than we've grown in a while.  So consistently quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter, that's going to stick to our rifts if you don't pay anything for it. And as rates rise, it will drive the efficiency. But we just haven't had a chance to take advantage of it, frankly because of the rate spike.
Brian Moynihan: So Mike, to answer this last question. It's sort of that question, which is the consumer side doesn't get the advantage until you get the summary structure on the short end, especially. And so all that investment though, it'd be like we're having the same conversation we had in '16, before rates rose and when's this going to pay off and then it exploded and paid off. And we expect that to happen again as the economy normalizes. And we are taking good advantage of that as you well know, prior to the pandemic.  And so, let me back up on digital products and usage. The key strategies we've been engaged on is beyond a consumer and Paul hit some of the wealth management pieces, you can see them. And so when we're talking about the digital things, we're actually showing it by each segment; for the growth and the wealth management cycle for external usage i.e. customers and internal, is extremely important in using Erica internally as a method of artificial intelligence-based natural language processing that helps to make people more efficient in the commercial segment wealth management.  So we don't have -- our aspiration is just to follow and push the clients at the same time. And that always has a benefit, and that's why over the last decade, we're down 40,000 people in the retail network, to give you a sense and -- of where it goes. We have some internal plans, we have an idea, but we are -- we don't go out and say that because frankly, it happens piece by piece by piece. And honestly at $2500 -- 2500 FTE reduction in the quarter, is in part due to the consumer efficiencies kicking back in once they got through PPP process and things like that.
Brian Moynihan: Ther are basically 3 ways. One, that it's all going to show up in headcount, and so we expect that the consumer cost of deposit is gone from 350 basis points probably 10, 12 years ago, to 120. And so we'd expect to keep driving that down, and that's going to be driven by everything we just talked about.  When you get to revenue-related compensation of wealth management business, that's up $0.5 billion from this quarter '19 probably or something like that. And that's a good thing because we make money, but that will be more driven by its production capabilities and things like that. There's basically buildings and how many do you need and how many people -- that's driven by how many people and how much you pay our teammates, who are talented and drive the business.  That's driven by how many people, and we just had a -- we had been working our way down in headcount and it then froze because of all the work we had to do around the pandemic-related programs. But now, it's dropped by 1% in the quarter, and that's where -- that's where it pays back.
Brian Moynihan: So the revolver piece is starting to move forward, but it is down obviously significant pre-pandemic. The transactor piece is higher. Well you want people to use the card to get revenue and you saw that in the fee line to get revenue from the usage and also get revenue from the loans. The loans are obviously the better part of the equation, but Betsy you have to realize, we have about round numbers, same number of cards outstanding.  There's $25 billion less balances, which people didn't get any different. They just have more cash. And so they paid off the credit cards, which is a completely responsible thing for them to do. And when they can get out and spend more money, which is starting to happen, I think you'll see them use these [Indiscernible] short-term purchase.  So I don't think -- yeah, the pay rate is up, but I don't think it's a fundamental difference of behavior, it's just the opportunity to use the cards or activity has been limited coming into this quarter when we finally saw things open. We'll see where it goes, but it's -- the good news is it's going a different direction, and had been leading up an entry point about Slide 5.  And the good news is the people are high credit quality, so that means that the nettage fee risk-adjusted margin, i.e, that margin from cards minus the charge-offs, is actually closer than what people think because the card charge-offs are dropped by 300 million to 400 million a quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Obviously, we're allowed to do it, so that's the change, and at a level that allows us to move capital off the balance sheets that are constrained by the average of earnings which was through this quarter, so it will move up. But I think we try to operate 50 basis points above the minimum [Indiscernible] that target because there's volatility, so [RSR] (ph) of 5.9. We've got 90 basis points of cushion and we want to operate 50 basis points there, the 9.5 to 10, etc.  You should expect us not immediately to be moving towards that over time. And then as this goes through the periods, the question will be what's the ultimate G-SIB level that we have to maintain in the future and things like that. But we're -- we can move at pace now. And we couldn't before because we were -- it was constraint to your dividend plus your buybacks could only equal your earnings.  And we're a company that went into this crisis with a lot more excess capital, and we are a company that came out of this crisis with a lot more excess capital. And there are three CCAR exams during this crisis as we had the lowest losses and stayed below the 250 SCP. So off we go. But as you know, the constraints, you gotta go the lowest constraints, and add 50 basis points and you should expect us to stay above that. But right now, that's a lot [Indiscernible].
Brian Moynihan: The trade finance flows and the trade flows that we have have been kicking up and kicking up, which means at some point, people are building inventories to meet the customer demand as we talked.
Brian Moynihan: Getting better but still I've learned a lot more about ports than I ever thought I'd learn from my customers. But it's getting better. It's getting better, but it's going to take a while. I mean, you've already talked about the [ship] (ph) that we all talked about, we all know, but you're talking about basics and so it's getting better, but it really comes down to the operations of ports efficiently and the impact of the virus on employees in those ports and having people to work and unload the ships and things like that.  It's a pretty drilled out analysis they have, but the reality is, it's still constraining, but it's getting incrementally better, but it'll take another 6 months to kind of [Indiscernible]. At the end of the year, it will all be better. We'll see that.
Brian Moynihan: If you're talking about interest income, yeah. If you look at the stuff on our Page 8, the 1.876 billion is the card interest income for the Second Quarter of '21. But that's –
Brian Moynihan: The net income, we don't have a card segment - yeah, we don't report a card segment because it goes there, goes in the fee line, it goes in – and there is expense.
Brian Moynihan: No. It's got mortgage loans and vehicles and -- yeah, it's all lending products. So -- if you got a fifth question, we got Lee to –
Brian Moynihan: Because there's less reserve - last year, it was hurt by reserve build. This year it’s benefitted by reserve releases. Then next year –
Brian Moynihan: Thank you all for joining us. Once again, in the quarter, our customers are seeing good growth opportunities in the recovering economy. Deposits continue to grow, 80 billion in the quarter, loan balance is stabilized and grew on a period-end basis for the quarter. Even though we're coming in PPP runoff, asset quality is at 25-year percentage loss lows, not just dollar amount. The solid earnings continued this quarter.  We -- the important thing is we're seeing increased activity by our customer base, whether it's sales of all the different products, whether it's the reopening of the branches and more appointments that lead to sales, whether it's our face-to-face meetings or commercial businesses. So that holds us in good stead and helps answer the question about how NII grows in the second half of the year. And so -- and then on top of all that, this quarter is the first quarter in many that we've been able to -- forever that we've been able to go back and actually use excess capital based on our earnings power and our Board's discretion. You should expect us to get back in the share buyback game. Thank you, and we will return that capital to you, and we look forward to talk to you next quarter.
Paul Donofrio: So Glenn, this is Paul. We're not providing specific '22 expense outlook, but I will offer the following thoughts which I think answer your question. So our rough estimate for the fourth quarter expense is a range of low $14 billion. I think if you add to that the seasonal higher payroll tax, approximately $350 million in Q1, plus add in 1% inflationary costs that we've talked about now for many quarters. Remember, if we do nothing, cost would grow by 3% or 4%, but we're driving that lower every year and quarter through OpEx, [SIM] (ph) and other initiatives.  But if you take the 4Q expense, you have the higher seasonal payroll tax, at 1%, that's a good base, I think. And then from there, adjust based upon whatever assumption you want to make around higher revenue expectations in areas that are closely linked to compensation exchange fees. I think if you do that math, you'll have a pretty good number.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. I don't know what specifics you're looking for, but I would echo some of Brian's comments. I think we've been very balanced. We -- if you look at the results compared to other banks, we've maintained our NII for the last few quarters here.  We called the bottom in the third quarter. But at the same time we were doing that, we still are reserving significant liquidity. We have a lot of dry powder as we sit here today, and more deposits are coming.
Paul Donofrio: I'll Just reiterate. Like you said, we're going to get deposits. It's going to fund loan growth. Whatever's left over will probably go in securities, but then we still have a bunch of excess liquidity. So that can be deployed as well, either in the near-term or long-term, depending on how we balance liquidity against capital and earnings.
Paul Donofrio: And that reduction of headcount you ought to also factor in the increase in headcount at the front office. So we're getting a reduction overall. If you go back pre-pandemic or if you look at this quarter, but at the same time you're seeing a mix shift. We're adding more people out there talking to customers across the platform and we have less people in support in the back-office.
Paul Donofrio: I'll answer the question this way. If you go to CECL day 1, I think it was 6 point something, right? 6.98. So that gives you a sense of a different environment with a different sort of economic outlook at that moment. Obviously, as we grow loans, card loans, which we're talking about doing, it's gonna eat into some of that excess reserve.  But I think between whatever you wanna model on loan growth and whatever you wanna think about in terms of getting back to CECL day 1, you could kinda come up with whatever -- with an answer.
Paul Donofrio: You could easily be below CECL Day 1. I mean, as you know, it just depends at the moment you are setting your reserve, what your mix is, what are your card balances and what is your view of the future. And our view of the future is a more benign environment than it was in CECL Day 1, then by definition, you'd end up with lower reserves.
Paul Donofrio: So I would say that it's -- it's about half loan growth. Well, first back out, we have an extra day. Okay. Back that out, and as we sit here today, it will be roughly half loan growth and half premium [ML] (ph) reduction. Having said that, it's a challenge given that the fact the rates have fallen, it's a challenge. It's hard to get there. And so we've always had the opportunity to deploy a little more liquidity as we think about this going forward.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah, sure. We did that activity, the loan growth was led by global markets. But we did see it across the platform, including in the market in other areas. In global markets, we just look for opportunities to use some of our liquidity in a more constructive way than maybe buying more securities.  And it was across a number of different types of opportunities and clients, but about I would say $6 billion-ish of it went into our decision to hold some CLOs in loan form. Now we concentrated those holding in AAA and AA tranches instead of distributing the securities to investors. And we think that activity is very consistent with our plans to allocate more balance sheet to customers in global markets.  Having said all that, [Indiscernible] people concentrate on CLO exposure, our CLO exposure is still extremely low relative to our peers.
Paul Donofrio: Well, look, if you look at Global Banking this quarter, middle market was driven by food products, commercial services, and suppliers and diversified wholesalers. Obviously, you've still got some industries that are affected by the pandemic, and so they really haven't started to recover yet. If you look at our commercial committed exposures.  By the way, they grew $30 billion quarter-over-quarter. We're now above the $1 trillion pre-pandemic level. But people are -- people are getting ready to borrow more. As Brian noted, the revolver utilization is still at historic lows, but we would expect that to move up as the economy improves.  And then in global markets as I mentioned, there were a lot of opportunities in mortgage warehouse lending, subscription facilities, asset-backed securitization. There's lots of opportunities there to put more balance sheet to work.
Paul Donofrio: Some of that inventory building has been hampered by trucking and ocean liner and just, getting logistics. I think working out some kinks there, you could start to see it.
Paul Donofrio: As you think about loan growth, and you start modeling it, just remember with revolver utilization down close to 10%, that’s 45 billion up.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. Well, again, I'll talk about when we take our liquidity, which again, we've got a lot of excess liquidity, and we deploy that into a security. We're picking up -- well, in the second quarter, we picked up on a blended basis between mortgages and treasuries, which were roughly 50-50 purchases. We picked up about 170 basis points relative to cash.  But when you look at a security that's rolling off and being replaced, the rolling off it's 250, and ended up being replaced at 210. Now you could do the same math -- I did it with securities. You could do the same math with a loan. Pick your loan category, whether it's a card or a commercial loan or, it's going to just depend on the yields.
Paul Donofrio: Yeah. But remember we've got -- I think it was -- somebody asked an earlier question before. We’re reserved on loans now 200 basis points higher than where we were CECL day 1. As loans grow, you can eat into that reserve.
Charles Peabody: But if you look at your line of business reporting, you do have a consumer lending versus deposit. And the consumer lending is primarily cards, if I understand it correctly.
Charles Peabody: Okay. The question is, if I assume 2019 kind of data in terms of margins, in terms of gross yield, and I assume high single-digit growth in loans in 2022, because of the substantial reserve release this year versus what probably would be less next year, I see a fairly substantial decline in your card business as a line of business, as a profit business.  And so I'm trying to get a sense, am I right that there's a delay? Even if the balances pick up, there's a delay to the improved profitability of that product line.
Charles Peabody: And not only that, but you have to reserve as you're putting on loans. And so you get less benefit day 1 versus day 100.
Charles Peabody: Right. And I estimated you probably have about 1 billion to 1.5 billion of excess reserves in your cards if you go back to day 1 CECL. And so you're going to bleed some of that back in over the second half of this year, which means you have maybe 0.5 billion to a billion next year.
Charles Peabody: Okay. I'll share my model with you Lee because I think it's an important hole that has to be filled next year.
