Brian Moynihan: Thanks, Bruce. Before we take questions, I thought I’d leave you with a few thoughts about the quarter. As you can see on slide 19, we continue to work to stabilize the revenue streams and begin to build the strength to drive in the future.  At the same time, we continue to work on the cost structure, both reducing costs and at the same time investing in the business. As Bruce talked to you about, the 4,000 people we put to help drive our mortgage production and the 1,000 more loan officers are examples. That in turn will help increase our profitability now and in the future.  We continue to see continued momentum and driving balance growth across all our customer groups. When you look at the consumer side, this quarter we were pleased with the growth in deposits, the continued stabilization and profitability of the credit card business, and the ability to continue to drive the mortgage activity, the production activity, the way we want to, up 50% plus year over year. As you can see in our global wealth management businesses, we have had a record level of assets under management come in from our industry leading business, and they had strong performance, including operating margins.  As you think about the commercial lending business, you can see both year over year and linked quarter we’ve had strong commercial loan growth as those businesses continue to produce strong profits for our company.  We remain strong in our investment banking revenues, as Bruce said, the number two positioning, and we continue to drive our positioning in that business. If we look at our capital markets business, as you can see we continue to show good profitability and a strong increase from the fourth quarter, but we continue to maintain a low risk in the methodology which will run that business, driven toward the customers that we serve and making sure that we balance risk and reward at any turn. We still have a lot of work ahead of us as a company. We feel good about where we are and the progress we made this quarter. We’ll continue to drive the earnings forward to deliver the results that you expect of us and we expect of ourselves. So let’s open it up for Q&A. 
Brian Moynihan: I’d add that there’s also a rationalization of the footprint. Remember this was put on by various companies, not by one company, that we’ve been restructuring. So even if there’s an amount outstanding, the cost could come down, because you can string it out. The rates paid are fairly high, because they’re different environments than we’ve been in, and expect to be in in the next couple of years. So there’s even value, even if you said the [notional] wouldn’t move as far, based on some interpretation of the rules, to get debt footprint more rational and more spread across time than it is today.
Brian Moynihan: And I’d add that as you think about how we’re running the global markets business, if you look at our VAR and our risk taking, we’re keeping a balance relative to the rest of the company. And so there will be times when people do better than we are, and there will be times we’ll do better than them. But we’re keeping it balanced.  The second thing that Tom [Montag] and his team worked on is the expense side. So you can see the operating leverage when you look across the first quarter of last year to this year, and importantly the fourth quarter of last year to this year. You can see that with a little bit of revenue, you generate a lot more profit.  And so the idea is we’re keeping this business so that we can make some money on a $3 billion trading revenue level in the aggregate in the business and a lot of money at a $5 billion level, and you’re seeing that play out. So if you think about it, we made money on every trading day of the quarter. The VAR was down.  And so I think we should be careful to think that we may not [roar] as much as other people might, because this is one of the many businesses that we have, and we drive it for the benefit of the investing customers, and also the issuing customers. 
Brian Moynihan: I’m going to walk through the different pieces, and as it relates to overall litigation as well as the rep and warrant. And I’d ask you to flip back to slide 23, where we lay this out. I think one of the things that we feel very good about the progress during the quarter is if you walk through what we’ve laid out on the bottom of page 23, if we start with the reps and warrants, between the settlements at the beginning of 2011 as well as the Fannie settlement that we had at year-end, you can see that as we lay out here, we’re generally through the GSE exposure as it relates to rep and warrant.  You then go down to the monolines. There are three significant monolines that we did business with, five in total. We obviously have had previous settlements with two of those three monolines. The one that obviously gets a lot of press is MBIA, that continues to be out there. You then go down into the private label rep and warrant, and obviously the most significant piece of that is the Gibbs & Bruns settlement, that continues to work through the court process and we would expect the outcome of that to be during the third quarter of this year. So as you look at reps and warrants, we’re through a significant portion of that. If you then flip to the securities litigation, which is the other significant piece of the litigation expense, one of the reasons that we think the settlement that we announced today was significant is as I referenced, if we look at the original unpaid balance company wide, of all of the securities that were underwritten, this settlement today relates to, companywide, about 70% of that.  So I don’t think anyone’s going to ever, at this point, declare complete victory. We do think that between the Fannie and related settlements and the look back in the fourth quarter as well as the settlement that we’ve announced today, that we’re moving through in a pretty meaningful way this pipeline of items.  
Brian Moynihan: It’s clear it’s all about the home finance side now. You see the credit card business continue to make some incremental improvement. It’s made a dramatic improvement from the high points going back several quarters. But it’s really about mortgages and everything you hear about in the market that we’re witnessing in our portfolios in terms of house price improvement. Activity levels will bear well on that as we look forward, obviously.
Brian Moynihan: From the origination side, the first order of business after we got out of the correspondent business was to kind of get the business on an upward trajectory. And if you go back and look, starting in the fourth quarter of ’11, we’ve basically grown retail originations quarter after quarter after quarter, and this quarter again we had another 15% off the fourth quarter last year. But if you actually look at the headcounts, remember, we’ve got a thousand plus loan officers working this quarter that weren’t here last year. They’re training and getting up to speed, so the next order of business is how to overcome the HARP refinancing levels which we have in the portfolio and sort of get to a core run rate. But there’s no cap on us in terms of retail originations. We’ll do as much as we can do for our clients. And you’ve seen us drive it forward every quarter, and now we have more people, more training, we’re up to speed. 4,000 more people in the fulfillment area. And we don’t see the pipeline slowing down.
Brian Moynihan: On the page you can see that the mortgage loan officers are up about a thousand year over year. We are still adding as we speak. The success of putting them into the branch environments where you have a mortgage loan officer, an FSA, personal bankers, is multiples of the success in other branch environments. And so we’re just driving that.  So the pipeline is still as strong as it’s ever been. We added thousands of people to get them closed on time, and we’re still working our tail off to get mortgage loans closed on time. I don’t think there’s any cap on where this could go. We still have tremendous opportunity within our client base that are unserved, that our clients go elsewhere to get their mortgages.  So you’ve seen it drive up 50% plus year over year, another $3 billion increase in quarterly production fourth quarter to first quarter. So I challenged the team, they’ve got to outrun the HARP at some point, because that will die off, although it’s been extended. But I wouldn’t tell you there’s any sort of cap. I think we should be able to drive it up to more of our natural share in things like deposits and stuff, which is more than 10% over time. 
Brian Moynihan: I expect that component, though, is probably at a strong point right now, and will come down over the next three or four quarters, just because frankly, some of that opportunity goes away. That was part of the transaction value that we got. But key is if you look at the non-HARP production, making homes affordable production, you’re seeing that grow at a faster rate.
Brian Moynihan: I think we were clear a few quarters ago when we said we’d do the 750, and I think you can see that number is close to 5,000. So think about that as 5400-odd getting down to 5,000. The point was at the time we did an optimization thought process, looked at it with the customer behavior and got that number, and we’re busily doing that in a very thoughtful way so that we retain a lot of the customers, especially on the consolidation side. And then also, obviously, as you know, we have exited some of the markets and sold community banks where they can get the leverage in the operations that we can’t get in some of those markets. So the question of what happens next, I think, is probably a question we take up as we get into ’14 and think about what the customer behavior change has been.  Because we’re seeing a fairly strong change in the behavior of the customers, evidenced by the mobile volumes. And so not only do we have a number of mobile customers, it goes up about 10,000 a day, and it’s 12.6, it’s also what they do. So 100,000 checks a day get deposited by people taking pictures of them. And so that behavioral change we’ve got to keep monitoring.  At the same time, we’re building the centers to be these more destination, with the FSAs, which are brokers in the branch, the mortgage loan officers. And so that configuration I think we’re still testing, so I don’t know the exact answer, but because the near term is to get the other 400 change that we’re talking about through.  If you step back from it and look year over year, the branches are down, the customer satisfaction is up, and the deposits are up strongly, which is a nice combination.
Brian Moynihan: Think of us as a retail looking at what the best way to get the most out of the market and serve our customers the best. And that will always be a subject we’ll talk about. And we’re making massive investments in our ATM architecture, virtual ATMs, and the mobile space to make sure that we’re right with our customers. 
Brian Moynihan: Absolutely, and part of it is continuing to upgrade the systems. So if you look at our company between 2009 and 2015, we’ll have rewritten all the systems, and we’ll bring systems which were more standalone product systems into systems which are consistent with a customer approach. So the kinds of inquiries you get where we can see a person wants us to not [unintelligible], and those are going away. Frankly, getting out of the multiple deposit systems helps.  And so our complaints are down a lot. Our attrition is way down. And so we’re seeing the benefits of this as we go through it. But absolutely this is all geared at maintaining the customer satisfaction posture, which is up year over year, and driving it to places we haven’t driven before, honestly, based on all the tools we have. 
Brian Moynihan: They’re all in litigation reserves, which are not on that page. Those are just the rep and warranty reserves. The monolines, the [FHFA], and those are in litigation reserves, because the [FHFA] and AIG are RMBS cases.
Brian Moynihan: I want to make sure I understand the question. As you go through the litigation reserves, we have reserves for those litigation items that we have the basis to reserve. To the extent that we don’t have the basis to reserve, we have a range of possible loss. So as it relates to these items, those are the two ways that we work through the reserves.  And the litigation reserves, as we’ve said before, are where we house reserves for litigation matters, as well as, as I said, the monolines reside within that litigation bucket as well, because we’re in litigation with them. And then obviously, as you move to the rep and warrant reserve, we’ve got the actual reserves, and then we’ve also disclosed the range of possible loss for those items that we don’t have the basis to reserve. 
Brian Moynihan: We have been driving the company, and so there’s been two basic pieces of strategy. One is to continue to push the legacy issues and costs out of the company and at the same time take the company and drive the underlying business metrics. So that’s been going on. And as we clean up more of the former, then the focus of the company is on the latter.  And involved in the latter, in other words driving the core company, was that we had, say in credit card, a big book of business that we were running off. We’re getting towards the end of that, or less impact quarter to quarter, and now we’ve got to grow the credit card business. This quarter I think we did 900,000-plus credit cards, which is the highest amount we’ve done in the quarters since 2008 or something like that. And 70% of those are through the branch structure and through the preferred business and things like that. So the goal is to continue to drive this company and get the value of the combination of all the pieces of the business through it. It’s not a new push. It’s just, as the other issues go away, this is what the team has to be focused on. So we’re seeing great progress in some of the businesses, and look at the GWIM business and look at the connectivity to the GWIM business.  We literally have millions of referrals that go between businesses a year. We goal those at 30-50% increases every year, and we see that number being hit and is tracked in every single market, 100-plus markets, with about 20 different pieces of business flows between businesses tracked that we track and monitored on a monthly basis. It’s all geared to just driving the value of the franchise, and frankly delivering to customers the entire franchise.  And so it appears in all the businesses, whether it’s in the commercial business, bringing our 401k platform, which is new to the Bank of America structure since Merrill came in. And we just see wins in that happening every day. It is bringing the capital markets expertise deeper into our middle market business. It’s bringing the personal side of the wealth management business to our business entrepreneurs. It’s all those things. And so new is a word that probably overstresses it. It’s just what we have to do to drive the revenue and continue to work the expenses to produce the bottom line we need. 
Brian Moynihan: And one of the tough things is we have 260,000 people in this company, and a lot of them have been focused on this. And it’s just their time to shine. And the rest of what Bruce and I have been working on, and others, restructuring, balancing, getting the capital up, getting liquidity, legacy issues, is starting to fade away.
Brian Moynihan: And in fact if you think about it year over year, the growth rate of those activities has been a strong growth rate. And that’s the challenge going forward, is just how we keep originating a broader product set? But right now that is an opportunity which is here and near, and it goes away over time. But the rest of the production continues to grow at a fast pace also.
Brian Moynihan: Just on the underwriting of those, though, you should rest assured that the underwriting is consistent with very strong underwritings going on in the industry in total right now.
Bruce Thompson: It’s interesting, if we look at the commercial loan balances across the platform, the spread on the new originations was actually up slightly relative to both the fourth quarter of last year as well as relative to the first quarter of last year. And it’s interesting in that the loans that came on, not only were the spreads wider, but based on our internal risk ratings, the credit quality of what was being brought on was also stronger.  So we feel like the loans that we’re bringing on we’re doing in a prudent way. And you can see that as you look in the supplements that a decent chunk of the loans that are being brought on are international. Not any real concentrations, but both international, domestic, and really across all products. 
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think, Glenn, that’s exactly right. That 18.2 included the 900 from the retirement eligible employees that only happens once a year. So you’re right, as you go to the second quarter, the starting point should be 17.3 million.  There would be two other things that I would point out once again, that if you look at the compensation expense in the first quarter relative to the last couple of quarters of last year, it was elevated by about $800 million based on the revenues that we saw within the sales and trading, the global banking, and to a lesser extent the wealth management business.  So we hope those repeat, but I would just highlight that that’s a delta relative to the last several quarters of last year. And then obviously from that starting point we would look to continue to drive down expenses based on the work that we’ve spoken about with New BAC that we would expect to achieve throughout the year. 
Bruce Thompson: We obviously are paying close attention to the different OLA proposals. I think if you look at the mix between the Merrill debt as well as the BAC debt, and you compare those dollar amounts relative to risk weighted assets, and you compare us relative to our peers, at least all of the work that we’ve done suggests that we’re at the very high end of the amount of debt and related instruments that we have relative to risk-weighted assets.  So the rules obviously are not clear at this point. We feel like we’re positioned very well based on what we understand the different proposals are that are out there, realizing it still is moving around. So as we go throughout the year, we would expect, as I said, to continue to drive that footprint down, not only in 2013 but throughout 2014, and we continue to be very focused on that.  
Bruce Thompson: We referenced three things. The first was, there was a gain, that, as you look at that decline, that was in the area of $250 million that I would categorize more quite frankly as a recovery than a gain, that we had highlighted during the quarter last year. So a decent chunk of that was a gain that did not recur.  Then I think it’s important, if you go and look at, during the quarter, we saw the financial spreads, which tend to be a fairly significant part of any [fic] trading business, tighten significantly in the first quarter of last year, and during the first quarter of this year start to finish, actually widen. So that was the second piece of it.  And then the third piece we referenced is that commodities had a particularly strong quarter last year and did not have as strong a quarter this year. So those three general things I would say. Flows generally continue to be very strong, and as you look at where we were relative to the fourth quarter last year, I actually think we continue to make good progress. But it was a little lumpy in the first quarter of last year.
Bruce Thompson: Two things on that. The first is you probably saw, I believe on April 1, we actually went ahead and issued the redemption notices for the $5.5 billion of preferreds that are outstanding. Just under $500 million of preferred dividend savings that we’ll have on that. And there was no requirement to issue to replace that, so as you look at that redemption, that’s a good redemption, where you can look at those savings. As it relates to the common, we’d expect to be balanced and work through the share repurchase throughout the year, and really don’t have much more to comment on no.
Bruce Thompson: We’ve said that at the end of 2012, on a quarterly basis, we had achieved $900 million per quarter of New BAC cost saves in the fourth quarter of 2012. So as you look to adjust your models, we will take that $900 million a quarter that we would have had in the fourth quarter and that will grow to $1.5 billion by the fourth quarter of 2013. Some of that we achieved during the first quarter, and we’d expect to achieve that throughout the year.  And then the second piece, outside of the more one-timers that we talked about in the first quarter were the LAS expenses, where we’ve said we’ll get that number below $2.1 billion by the end of 2013. And we obviously got that from $3.1 billion in the fourth quarter down to $2.6 billion. So in addition to those compensation related items, we’ve got those two levers to continue to drive expenses down during the balance of the year.
Bruce Thompson: We’ve not given an exact number. I think what you should do is if you go back to slide nine and look at the red bar, we’ve said that there was 800 of increased incentives in that 13.8. That gets the number down to 13. You should assume that’s part of the benefit between 13.3 and 13 related to New BAC, but we’ve not given an exact number.
Bruce Thompson: Once again, the RPL that we have within the rep and warrant will continue to be up to $4 billion. As we’ve said before, at this point, given we don’t have repurchase history with the monolines, the monolines are covered within our litigation reserves. And we have both litigation reserves as well as range of possible loss for litigation. And you should assume that there was some additional monies during the quarter in litigation expense that was set aside for the monolines.
Bruce Thompson: The two most significant that are out there on the securities litigation that have been more public would be [FAFA] as well as AIG. 
Bruce Thompson: That’s our best sense. Far be it from us to forecast that process, but our best estimate would be the third quarter.
Bruce Thompson: I think at this point, where we’ve guided is we’ve said that with the work that we’ve done that ex any market related impacts that $10.5 billion is a good starting point. That number can bounce around, but I would continue to look at that $10.5 billion in the near term as the right starting point.
Bruce Thompson: It’s a good question. I think as we look at the chargeoffs and the move in chargeoffs, to have almost a 20% decline in chargeoffs I think speaks to the quality of the portfolio, and the work that we had said had been done back in late ’08 and early ’09 as it relates to consumer underwriting.  We previously said that as we look at provision, chargeoffs will come down about the time that the releases also come down to get you to a level between 1.8 and 2.2. If you look at what we experienced this quarter, and with what we’re seeing with the trends, it clearly feels like we’ll be at the low end of that going forward. 
Bruce Thompson: I think what we said is that roughly $90-100 million of the decline in servicing revenue was a result of the sales. We’ve said that as we get to the end of the year, the sales will ultimately lead to a reduction in revenues of about $200 million related to the MSR sales. We obviously had a fair bit of that given that a decent chunk of the performing sales had an effective close date on January 31. So we’ve clearly taken a piece of that, and there’s probably another $100 million a quarter to come relating to those sales by the end of this year.  : 
Bruce Thompson: At this point the MSR balance was roughly $5.8 billion at the end of the first quarter. If we were to pro forma those sales throughout the year, assuming rates stay where they are, it gets you down to about a $5 billion number. From an overall capital perspective, plus or minus, that feels about right. Obviously any change from that’s going to be a function of the opportunities to originate things that make sense versus any type of accelerated prepayments that may or may not happen. But I think $5 billion from an MSR balance perspective is not a bad number to be looking at.
Bruce Thompson: We talked about credit costs. I think within the business there was roughly a $30 million reserve release during the quarter that we wouldn’t assume is necessary going to continue. But I think if you look at overall pretax margin, we’ve been kind of in the 20-21% area. This quarter was 26%. I think the assumption going forward is that we’ll clearly be north of the 21%, but I wouldn’t expect that in the near term we run at 26% either.
Bruce Thompson: I think the easiest way to look at it is if you look at deltas we had some of the market-based benefits that we quoted that were roughly $300 million during the quarter. A portion of that gets allocated to GWIM and if you look at the GWIM business, you can see that the net interest income was up about $100 million. So I’ll give you those pieces of data, but we’re not going to quote exact numbers as to how we allocate that out. But it’s a piece of that.
Bruce Thompson: You’re exactly right. Once a borrower goes through the trial mod period and gets to a permanent mod, they need to be current for six months before we would look to bring those back in. And when you consider that number, realize that coming out of the national mortgage settlement there was heightened modification activity during the third and fourth quarters, in particular, of last year. So we clearly would expect some of those to cross the six month period during the second quarter.  And if you go back to I believe it was the third quarter, when we adopted the regulatory guidance, the biggest of that $6-plus billion, north of $4 billion of that is the regulatory guidance that was given. So that’s going to be the bigger piece of the two things. 
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, but this could take time. I mean, we’ve been about a 0.2% increase in market share each quarter, so this is a lot of activity. But $24 billion of retail production, and we’re in the the top two or three, and our view is we ought to be able to push that forward.
Bruce Thompson: I would say generally there was more of it this quarter than we probably would have thought coming into the year. And we’re hesitant to give an exact number, but as Brian referenced, I would say overall pipeline in activity, as we went through the first quarter, continued to be very strong.
Bruce Thompson: As we go through over the next couple of quarters, we’d just say what we continue to say, which is that with where we are from the DTA perspective is we go forward pretax, should be the way that generally we’re creating capital.  And I think as it relates to different mitigation opportunities, the biggest thing that we see out there is that as home prices continue to move up, and we continue to see the home equity portfolio amortize, which has been about $3.5 billion a quarter, that there’s a fairly significant tailwind as it relates to reductions in risk-weighted assets there. As we go forward, the runoff of the structured credit portfolio that we have we would expect to accelerate as we go into ’14, ’15, and ’16. And that will obviously be gone by the end of ’17. So that’s an opportunity.  And then the third thing I would say is that we continue to work through, and you can see we made progress on the private equity portfolio this quarter, and we’ll continue to wrap that up. So the biggest item as we go forward is just going to be the pretax income line. But I do think that there will continue to be other opportunities to drive that as well. 
Bruce Thompson: We’ve not given an exact number that we would expect that to run off, but you should assume it’s north of $20 billion of risk-weighted assets.
Bruce Thompson: I think there are three different metrics and ways that you get to looking at capital allocation and capital return. The first is obviously where your ratios are after stress, through the CCAR process. And as you look at the results that we had, we ended up just above 6% after our ask, which relative to our peers positioned us well.  The second item, which as you referenced, you moved to Basel III, and we feel like we’ve done a very good job on Basel III, and to your point, are above the minimums, above buffers, and feel like we’ve done a good job there. And then the third, which is what you’ve heard us talking a lot about, is just driving the core earnings as the third component. And so we’ve balanced all of those three. And I guess the other thing I’d say is if you look at the ask, obviously we’ve got $5 billion that will get returned to the shareholders based on our plans, but I don’t think you should also minimize the other $5.5 billion that will go to redeem preferred stock, because that preferred stock had coupons between 8 and 8 5/8 percent. It’s not tax deductible, and we’re not replacing it with other preferred stock.
Bruce Thompson: I think they are probably two things. I think the $900 built into the estimates, which we have every period as we look out there, I think it was in some, not in others. So I don’t think there was uniformity on that? And then I think the other item that was out there as we look at a lot of the analysts they look at core, they don’t include any litigation number, and obviously there was a $900 million litigation number.  We obviously need that to come down, but what I mentioned to Meredith’s question, I think getting this class action and shrinking the tail risk with respect to our mortgage backed security litigation tail risk was a significant item for us, and we were able to get through that this quarter being generally in line with what you all had expected. 
Bruce Thompson: It’s hard for us to predict what’s going to happen on the 30th. We’re obviously not a part of this. This is Bank of New York Mellon, in their capacity as trustee. And obviously the standard and what needs to be worked through is did they go through, and were they prudent, and did they follow a process to getting to the point to say that this settlement made sense for investors. And so that will be the general topic. We’re not going to predict what exactly happens on the 30th. Besides, we obviously wouldn’t have entered into the settlement if we didn’t think that there was a basis for it.
Bruce Thompson: There is clearly a significant overlap. The people that were part of the settlement today tended to be people that would have been original purchasers of the securities. With respect to Gibbs & Bruns, they could have either been original purchasers or subsequent purchasers, but there is overlap. And as we’ve said in the release, that the people that were part of the settlement today, to the extent that Gibbs & Bruns gets approved, they will receive whatever they would have otherwise received as part of Gibbs & Bruns.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, because as we said in the release, this covers 80% of the Countrywide securities, of which Gibbs & Bruns was obviously a very significant piece. So you’re absolutely correct in that.
Bruce Thompson: No, there’s really nothing that we would say there. I think I would just reiterate, though, that as you look at the component of what we settled today from a securities litigation perspective, as it relates to current outstanding amount as well as what was originally underwritten, it’s obviously a significant piece of that. We continue to want to resolve and get these legacy issues put behind us. At the same time, between the capital that we’ve built, and the number of them that we’ve put behind us, it has to make sense for the shareholders.
Bruce Thompson: I would say that if we look at where we ended the quarter relative to where we started, I would say that it feels at this point that the spreads have somewhat settled out. But obviously those spreads are going to be a function of activity versus capacity, and we’ll have to see how that unfolds over the quarter.  We’ve obviously built up, and as Brian referenced, the capacity to do what we need to do for our customers. And we’ll just need to see where those margins go throughout the quarter. But at this point, there was obviously a step down in margins during the first quarter. It feels to some extent as if that’s leveled out, but we’ll have to see how it plays out over the second quarter.
Bruce Thompson: You’re right, the international component is obviously a very small component. Those are large. They’re almost exclusively either wholesale deposits that are out there. I’m not sure you’re going to see much more movement in that. I think to your earlier question the majority of the costs of the deposits are those housed in the U.S., and you can see that as we build up the core deposits, the amount of time deposits that we have here in the U.S. we would expect those to continue to come down. And as those come down, all other things being equal, you’d expect the cost of domestic deposits continue to move down.
Bruce Thompson: I think as I said before, the OLA rules continue to evolve. If you look out at our annual filings that we’ve put out there, we’ve said that we’re looking at does it make sense to have ML and Co merged into BAC. That’s ongoing work that continues. We believe ultimately, as the Merrill debt runs off, and to the extent there’s reissuance, it’s at the Bank of America level. So we pick up that benefit. And like I said, as we look at any ratio, and as we consider the different rules, it feels like we’ll have more than enough in total parent company debt relative to risk-weighted assets.
Bruce Thompson: When you mentioned it came down in the quarter, realize that one of the reasons why it came down is that we’ve included the $5.5 billion of preferred redemptions in the time to require funding. That largely drove that. But to your question, it’s a good one. We would expect over time that the amount of parent company liquidity that we have would tend to come down over time.  As we get through the ’13 and ’14 maturities, we still believe we can bring the parent company liquidity down, bring the cost of it down, and you’re right, we will keep time to required funding at at least two years. Initially, given we work through maturities, that will stay elevated in the high 20s, 30. But the goal is to obviously flatten out the maturities and have that become more in the two-year area, which is consistent with what we’ve been saying for some time. 
Bruce Thompson: I’m not going to drill into the Flagstar case, but I want to be clear, Flagstar gave a borrower fraud reference, and that was part of that case, which is not something we’ve done. But at a high level, Mike, that’s correct. It’s in the disclosure. And as I said in my earlier comments, within the litigation reserve during the quarter, we reassess those every quarter, and we did provide within the litigation expense some element of cost with respect to monolines during the quarter.
Bruce Thompson: The court is not opining on a number. They’re either opining on approving or not approving. And obviously if they don’t approve, we’ve set up reserves within the Countrywide securities, assuming that every trust gets to the 25% threshold. And so obviously, if it doesn’t get approved, this will revert back to going individual trust by trust and working through it. But I don’t think it’s appropriate to comment on reserves on something that is not going to happen.
Bruce Thompson: That’s correct, and I think the other important thing is when we set up the $8.5 billion to the Countrywide, we also used that same methodology with respect to bank issued securitization rep and warrant to set up reserves based on the same methodology across the company.
Bruce Thompson: Largely nonconforming. What we want to do is provide the mortgage product and balance sheet for that which there isn’t another alternative, and we’re pressing hard within the different businesses. The mortgage activity within the wealth management business this quarter was very strong as well as within the [mass affluent] client space. So that’s largely the focus.
