Brian Moynihan: Thanks, Lee, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us to review our third quarter results. As you know, our bottom-line results were heavily impacted by previously announced settlement with Department of Justice. But given that, I’m still encouraged by what we accomplished this quarter. Our business has generated enough earnings to absorb the $5.3 billion charge and still reported positive net income before preferred dividends. Now, the themes that we see are consistent with the past several quarters. You can see in our numbers a prudent balance sheet management; you can see in the numbers good core expense control; you can see in the numbers continued credit improvement and you can see in the numbers solid business activity. Before Bruce takes you through the detail of the quarter, I thought I’d focus quickly on the profitability of our business segments and some of the key statistics that give rise thereto. If you look, we’ve included in the appendix the materials on pages 18 and 20 some information about net income, PPNR and business statistics. So you step back and look, you can see from our release, the company reported $2.9 billion in year-to-date pretax net income that includes and overcomes 15.6 billion in pretax litigation costs to resolve primarily legacy mortgage issues. Now we’re not suggesting that we want to incur litigation cost going forward but what this demonstrates is how much progress we’ve made behind the noise of significant legal settlements. So you step back and think about the businesses, you can see on appendix slide 18 a graphic showing year-to-date net income comparative performance by the businesses. Let’s first focus on our Consumer and Business Banking segment. Year-to-date net income was $5.3 billion in 2014. That compares to $4.6 billion after tax in 2013. The return on average allocated capital in Consumer & Business Banking was 24%. It is our largest business and it’s had a good year. Our Global Wealth and Investment Management business had net income of year-to-date of $2.3 billion in 2014 that’s up 3% from 2013. Now this business, our GWIM business has a pretax margin of 26% and has returns on allocated capital of 25%. As we move to our Global Banking business, that’s the business provides lending, treasury services, investment banking activities to middle markets and large corporate clients around the world. That business earned $4 billion after tax so far this year, up 8% from 2013 and generated returns on allocated capital of 17%. Those three businesses together have great annuity streams and hold us in good state as we look forward. Our Global Markets business which obviously is more affected by what’s going on in the market on the given quarter has earned $2.9 billion after tax this year and for the first nine months versus $2.7 billion in 2013 when you adjust for DVA and in 2013 you exclude the UK tax changes. So in total, these four businesses generated $14.5 billion net income after-tax for the first nine months of 2014. That $14.5 billion is up 10% from last year. You can look on slide 19 and you can see on a pretax pre-provision basis which some of you also focus on, we are 4% year-over-year. And you can see on pages 20 and 21 the business statistics over the last couple of years which give rise to these results. We’ve made real progress in the four businesses and we continue to work on the Consumer Real Estate segment and losses therein. But that real progress shows in the operating leverage profitability of these businesses and we expect that momentum to continue as we move the other side of the mortgage issues. With that, I'll turn it over to Bruce.
Brian Moynihan: And Betsy just to put in a broader perspective, how would you manage the company if the low rate environment continues is a lot like we've been managing and now continuing to be careful in every expense item, every headcount, but at the same time, investing in the business. And so if you think over the last year we've added small business bankers and financial service advisors the people work in the branches for Merrill Lynch and the Merrill Lynch teams. We've added sales mortgage officers in the retail segment, while we reduced the overall numbers. And so we've been able to accomplish the reduction expenses, but at the same time we're making the investments $3.5 billion in technology last year and probably 3.3 or so this year. So we'll continue to make those investments. So that means that the new BAC implement helps offset any kinds or sort of inflationary growth you get in and on top of that we continue to work on initiatives, continue to simplify the company and eliminate non-core products et cetera to continue to keep the expenses where they are. 
Brian Moynihan: In terms of just origination quality, we continue to focus as we have quite a long time here on originating high quality prime mortgages, while still facilitating our duties to get customers credit for home purchases. The originations continue to rise. The purchase component obviously is rising too. So we feel good about where we are and you can see that new purchase requests from the agencies have come down dramatically. So we are not going to change the course, because at the end of the day, because we feel good about the credit quality we've taken. We're taking on using for ourselves and for investor.
Brian Moynihan: We have a strong Board team with various people of various skills and background and that diversity really helps us. And so I think the Board’s decision that we put out few weeks ago and announcements made, this is continued great governance can we make commitment to good governance, Jack Bovender new director takes over from Chad Holliday, who served as Chair for about 4.5 years and did great job for us and the Board is very committed to continue to have the strong governance especially in the high expectations from the regulators and enhanced supervisor prudential standards from the Fed. And so we feel good about the governance, but it’s the team effort and then how the Board works together. And I think your points Chad maybe now in the announcement or that the Board feels very good about the option for the management team and this is part of their progression in that regard.
Brian Moynihan: It’s the Board’s decision, but we console those regulations all the major decisions in the company. But I think the key is how we operate as a Board and how we govern the company and I think it will be better for the shareholders as it has been.
Brian Moynihan: I think if rates don’t go higher, what you see in terms of earnings is what we're -- what we’ve got to drive to this quarter. So Mike, when you look at the charts Bruce showed you and I showed, you can see that the core businesses burned several billion dollars after-tax this quarter and CRES business took it away; and as that comes down, you'll see those earnings flow through. We don't -- and so you can compute the ROE based on that. But basically we're -- you can see on page 18, the net income levels across the businesses each quarter. And our job is to take commercial real estate business, which is you see for the year-to-date, if you take to commercial real estate business which is loss money, get that back to breakeven. And that’s the work we will do in absence of rate rising; it’s not a lot different than it is right now. 
Brian Moynihan: I think that what they have been cleared about in the published documents, published by the OCC and their heightened standards, their enhanced standards but recently in the Fed, they care about the engagement of the board and the diversity of the board and the experience of the board and we have a good board and it's experienced and has all the diversity and credible challenge and all the words that are used to describe that. And I'd see that's the core of the governance point that they make.
Brian Moynihan: So just to add a little color there, our view was along two dimensions. One, on the international side, we had strong loan growth, a couple of years ago in the last year. And now we have to materialize our structured management and other revenue streams under increasing our credit exposure and Tom and the team growing the business. So, there is sort of -- with growth of loans that there has to be a fall through of growth of transaction revenue et cetera. And on the middle market, I think the team went for optimization and we are going to continue to stress if they needed to be able to manage both the optimization and the growth of the portfolio. So we're pushing on them, they get the balance probably back a little bit more in SKUs than they had in the last couple of quarters.
Brian Moynihan: Obviously, it’s the matter that we take very seriously from the Board engagement, the talent that we have in the Board to help us with this all the way through management, Cathy Bessant, her team in tech and ops. And we spend hundreds of millions of dollars on a year and it’s been growing. And we expect to continue to grow; it’s the key to keep our customers and our teammates secure. And we continue to work on it. So, this is nothing but hard work and we continue to work with both the law enforcement authorities, various government agencies and among our industry through very straight moves and formal engagements to try to drive our competencies in industry up. So we’re spending a lot of money on it, several hundreds of millions of dollars and we expect that to continue to increase.
Brian Moynihan: And last quarter, we had some start up cost for the Merrill one product that you can see has had strong success in terms of that AUM. So that was sort of in the second quarter and now those expenses have to roll that out that comes back after.
Brian Moynihan: I’d refer you to page 21 in the appendix in the lower left hand corner. And you can see this is the third quarter ‘12, ‘13 and ‘14 laid out side-by-side. And so I don't think this is a change in position and if you look at the average trading weighted assets of 460 to 440, the bars 55 million and 56 million, 50 million and you can see the revenue. So we've probably done a good job of building a relatively stable -- business is going to fluctuate in the market but a relatively stable core amount of activity comes through this. And if you look at it over several quarters with the exception of seasonality in the first quarter that typically occurs each year but we’ve laid this out for you second quarter throughout ‘13, ‘14 last quarter and third quarter. You see it's a relatively consistent $3 billion revenue type of number and we've maintain that. So adjustments we've made in the business on expenses, the scope of activities and stuff we actually made in ‘10 and ‘11 to bring that business inline. So we're very comfortable where they are now. They are always moving around impairing risks and continue to manage carefully the overall returns of the business. Its relative size to our company, we think we got in a good place, we simplified it. And so there is no change in strategy here. And in fact you can see there is a fairly consistent results from that activity. What's different this quarter versus last quarter obviously without the UK taxing you're seeing the bottom-line comes through the third quarter. But we've made $700 million after-tax and that's a good performance.
Brian Moynihan: I think if you look at the servicing revenue, as I said, the biggest reason for the decline was an adjustment in the cost to serve. If you saw the actual servicing fee line that came through linked quarter it was only down about $25 million on a linked quarter basis. And so what you're going to see on a go forward basis is not so much the impact on the sale of MSRs, but just the servicing revenue that's derived based on the size of the MSR assets. So given that there aren’t any more large scale sales of that MSR, you're going to see that more very on a core basis as opposed to a step function.
Brian Moynihan: What we'll see is that the number 60 plus delinquents continues to normalize now, we have to continue to push that that's where we think that we’re going to get the additional expense leverage in LAS going forward. And so it's $100 million this quarter and couple of $100 million. It’s just grinding through and working those loans for the customers and modifying or short selling and going through foreclosure. So that number is still elevated as a percentage, you can see it. And if you look at our delinquency off of the things we produced really since after the crisis, the numbers are much smaller and imply delinquency level ultimately half that amount that you see now. So that's where the real work will come in unit reduction. The overall 3.9 million units is fluctuating around a little bit, but we're kind of getting to equilibrium where our production is nearly what runs off had some sales and the 60 plus bucket.
Brian Moynihan: The first thing that we're focused on is getting it done through a billion one and then longer term, I think if you look at any metric with where we would see from a number of loan service, as well as the number of delinquent loans in the portfolio. We still have some significant work to do to drive billion one down, because given the size of the portfolio it's way too high.
Brian Moynihan: I think as a broad construct and I think you're asking the more strategic level. Christian Meissner and the team with Tom have done good job of adding people in the markets where we needed to build our capabilities and we’re always looking to add more and more talent, more and more capabilities. I don't think there is any huge change in expenses or numbers. It's more of a continuously upgrading our talent and adding incremental talent. But in the grand scheme of things, it's a pretty small expense base in the context for our company with the level of expenses. But your point is exactly right. The global, the U.S. competitors, our franchise is obviously demonstrably stronger as you can see in the U.S. rankings versus the global. The global bas picked up honestly. And as activity picks up in Europe and Asia, we continue to drive forward. But we still are working hard to improve our positioning in it across the board but we’ve made a lot of investments already.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. A couple of things, Betsy, I think the first thing is if you look at the balance sheet from the second quarter to the third quarter and you look at the securities portfolio you can see that group see the entire increase in the securities portfolio related to treasury securities that tend to have a maturity in the 4 to 5 year life perspective as opposed to longer dated agencies securities. The second thing that I mentioned is just in references what we would look to do with respect to our buy ticket during the fourth quarter. And I think at this point we’re being very cautious looking at that buy ticket given the overall rate environment that we see that’s 30 to 35 basis points lower than what we saw during the second quarter of 2014. And there is also a little bit of relative spot risk that you have as we look out. And I’d say if we aggregate those two items and put it in a context of NII risk for the quarter, those two items could be roughly a $100 million of risk relative to what we saw during the second quarter, excuse me during the third quarter.
Bruce Thompson: The $100 million risk that I referenced is relative to the actual net interest income in the third quarter once we back out for market related items.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. And I think that there is negative standpoint too Betsy if you look out what we’ve done if you look at the number of FTEs that we have which tends to drive a lot of the expense were down 7% year-over-year and down 2% on a linked quarter basis. And you see the flow through of those benefits through a number of line items. The most important things to look at is if you go to our supplemental materials and flip to page four, we show you 9 different expense items. And if you look at those line items and exclude the other category, which include litigation expense, all these lines items are down both on a linked quarter and a year-over-year basis. So as we continue to be efficient and continue to manage down overall headcount as a result of the various programs we've talked about, as well as just generally, you continue to see grind down expenses across all categories across the company.
Bruce Thompson: No, we were just going to -- we were just doing a daily work that we need to do. And remember we're offsetting all the inflation and healthcare costs and wages and everything that goes on in normal days, but we even made the raw reduction and talk about now this business is usual good work.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. Now we went back and notice the same thing Glenn, there are few item that were 10s, 20s and 30s that rounded, but as we go out and look at as we’ve freshened up and look forward I would say that the forward look on credit as we look forward relative to when we looked at it last quarter, we do continue to see continued improvement, albeit at a slower pace from a charge-off perspective once you adjust for the non-performing loan sales.
Bruce Thompson: I think as we look out and as you look to fill up the various non-CET1 bucket, you can see that we obviously had the Buffet Series T in May and we've issued about $4.6 billion to get over largely filled up on the preferred bucket and the sub debt issue of $3 billion was relative to approximately $5 billion to fill up that bucket from an overall capital perspective. And at this point I would say from an OLA perspective, we continue to read what you do. We feel like we've been very prudent in building up this significant debt stack at the parent. And we'll just have to see where the regulation goes from here and we're obviously waiting to see exactly what that is.
Bruce Thompson: The first as it relates to the balance sheet, I believe it was roughly two-thirds of the production from a first-lien perspective would have gone on the balance sheet during the quarter.
Bruce Thompson: A couple of questions, the first thing as we focus on the deposit I wouldn't say it benefited LCR but what it enabled us to do was to continue to rationalize the balance sheet without hurting LCR. That relates to the deposit optimization. With respect to the mortgage loans, the 6.5 billion that we’ve referenced where we converted mortgage loans into agency securities, that's basically taking $6.5 billion of non-LCR benefit asset and converting them to $6.5 billion of LCR benefit. So that would have been the one pick up of the activities that we mentioned as well as just the reinvestment of repayment of legacy loan proceeds into securities once again helps LCR. So the actions with respect to build, one under the key balance sheet benefited LCR, the 15 billion of deposits just enable us to rationalize the overall size of balance sheet. As it relates to CCAR and the actions that then are taken, as we look to manage the company, we continue to look to manage out the higher risk categories of loans. And if you look at what we did in the second quarter with just over 2 billion of non-performing loan sales and $2.5 billion this quarter, we would clearly expect that as you look at those from a CCAR perspective, they would be higher loss content loans relative to the rest of the portfolio but the rational and the goal to move those out was to reduce the risk in a market environment that was very favorable. And we feel good about those actions that we took. 
Bruce Thompson: So from an overall LCR perspective at the parent, we’re at approximately 110% at the parent, so we're well in excess of where we need to ultimately be in 2017.Within the bank levels, we’re well above the 80% level and would look to drive that to be north of 100% during the first half of 2015, well in advance of the 2017 implementation. And as it goes, as we move forward and we look at the balance sheet, the goal as we go forward and you saw a little bit, it's interesting, if you compare the loans in the three principal businesses where we make loans in the segments that we’ve laid out here and that would be in our consumer business, in our wealth management business as well as in our global banking business that loans, average loans within those segments are up about 2% on a year-over-year basis. And we’re clearly very focused on looking to drive out and push out and grow loans. We’re obviously focused on growing deposits with our core customers, which will benefit LCR as well. And I think as it relates to the overall size of the balance sheet, we want to continue to be more efficient, but I don't think you're going to see the magnitude to move in the balance sheet going forward that you saw during this quarter.
Bruce Thompson: It would reflect two things, Jon. It's both the role to spot risk as well as the buy ticket during the fourth quarter.
Bruce Thompson: Well, to the extent that we don't reinvest in buildup cash, it will increase our asset sensitivity and the benefit to rising rates when that occurs.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. It should -- this is much more Jon I think just realizing what we've seen during the quarter and being cautious on buy ticket during the fourth quarter to manage net interest income risk with OCI risk. But we're not talking about any kind of material shift; we're just flagging something for you to get into magnitude of the rate move that we've seen so far this quarter.
Bruce Thompson: I would say that the -- it tends to move, the FAS 91 moves most and it's most correlated to the 10 year. And I would say that if you look at OCI risk it tends to be more correlated to long-term mortgage rates.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think Jon, I would look at the charge-offs adjusted for the portfolio sales that we said came down from 1.3 to 1.2 and assuming the overall economic environment doesn’t change. We have continued to see improvements in the credit portfolios. And I think practically speaking if you look at the reserve release during the quarter once you adjust for the DOJ amount of 400 that you’re not going to see reserve releases. I think clearly they will be a fair bit below the $800 million that we would have seen this quarter on an adjusted basis.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. The disallowed amount continues to be in the $15 billion to $16 billion criteria. And as we look out between now and the end of 2015, we would expect to that the CET1 should build generally consistent with pre-tax earnings all the way through the end of 2015.
Bruce Thompson: I believe between what came through in the charge-off line and the net, I think the NPAs were roughly $150 million, Mike.
Bruce Thompson: We look at rate assumptions what we do is when we go through our internal forecasting process, we snap and manage the business just based on the forward curve of what the market is telling us. And clearly I think if we look out at and look at the rate movement that we've seen over the course of the last couple of weeks, people are obviously more cautious if rates may not be moving up at the level that they had had, but it's clearly been very volatile over the last 30 days. 
Bruce Thompson: Well, I think that as we look forward, Mike, and I think it's a little bit of why we said what we did about a little bit of caution during the fourth quarter that at this point as we look out and given the impact that OCI has the capital until we see where rates settle out if they continue to move around, we continue to be very cautious with the buy ticket and when we do it we're investing clearly a little bit shorter than longer at this point given the risk that OCI has the capital and being mindful of that. 
Bruce Thompson: I think there is couple of things, Mike. The first is that I want to make sure that we emphasize is that we still have a couple of $100 million of expenses to get out in the LAS area between now and the first quarter of 2015. And clearly, $1.1 million of LAS expenses that we’ve set to get too in the first quarter of '15 is not where we would expect to operate on a longer term basis and there is additional work that we need to do there. The second area, just broadly speaking that we highlighted that clearly we'd expect given what litigation expense that over time is going to come down. And then the third thing and when I said directionally expenses moving with revenues is just if we look at some of the areas particularly within the wealth management area that we've seen, there is a component of compensation and incentive, it’s very clearly tied to revenues, not unlike what you see within the global banking and the global market space.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. I think I would start and just reiterate as we look at capital on a go forward basis, you basically have three items that are going to affect things. The first is your level of profitability and I just want to reiterate that we would expect once again on a go forward basis to accrete capital on a pre-tax basis. And the second is the impact that OCI has to those capital ratios, we obviously saw during the quarter rates went up on the mortgage side, I believe it was about 5 basis points during the quarter. And there were some security gains as well and that was what was led to the change in the overall OCI. And as I said before, given the environment we’re in where rates are down about 30 basis points so far quarter-to-date that will have a benefit today to capital and we’re just mindful of reinvesting so that we don’t take on any greater OCI risk on a go forward basis. As it relates to what we’re looking through and as you look at the overall risk-weighted asset work that’s been done, I would say that clearly as we continue to work through the legacy home equity, as well as the first mortgage portfolios that do not benefit from the stand-by agreement as we continue to work those assets down that should enable us to grow the core and still keep risk-weighted assets generally constant. And I think more specific to your point, the other two things are that we continue to look to work through and we have the run-off of some of the structured credit and other portfolios that we’re trying to accelerate that come off between now and 2017. And then the last piece that we continue to work hard on and you saw it in the up risk that as we updated the models for the time series you do have the increase to risk-weighted assets. And we’re working hard to get to where we need to be from that model perspective as we would hope in 2015 if we’re successful to go ahead and exit parallel run at that point.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think it's obviously as others have noted, it's an ongoing process. I think the important thing is if you compare our operational risk number relative to our peers, we're roughly 30%. And if you do the math against the risk-weighted assets, we're at the, if not the top, the upper-end of where others are from that. But we obviously have work to do to get that finalized to be in a position to exit. 
Bruce Thompson: Sure. I would say that the most competitive area that we continue to see is within the commercial banking space of our Global Banking segment which are those middle market type companies that tend to be loans that have one or two banks provide all of the credit. And clearly the remaining services that go along with servicing those customers tends to go to those that provide the credit. And that's where you've seen the most competition. I think it's interesting if you look at and go back to our table on the international side as we've continued to shape the balance sheet and look for a return, you've actually seen a step-up in the yield in our international lending activity. And within the large corporate space of our Global Banking space, we have seen some stability in yields within that. So and really focused most importantly it's within the commercial, the middle market commercial space where we're seeing the most pressure on yields.
Bruce Thompson: I think they’re related to each other that we think it's prudent balance sheet management. But there are independent actions that are part of prudent balance sheet management.
Bruce Thompson: So, to be clear, when we set out the $5 billion reserve or the $5.3 billion hit this quarter that was to cover cash payments as well as all expected cost associated with implementing our $7 billion of consumer release. And the part of it that flows into the provision line item is $400 million, that is a reserve to take care of the -- what would have been the P&L impact from the modifications that would happen within the different loans that we're modifying. So, on a go forward basis, assuming that we’ve got to set up the way that we do, there should not be any future P&L impact from DoJ. The only impact that will be on the balance sheet is you see the reserve number come down as we implement the consumer relief programs. 
Bruce Thompson: So, if you recall Guy, what we’ve done and what we continue to refine each quarter is that as we continue to see rep and warrant claims, there was a reserve setup back in the second quarter of 2011, a piece of it was for Gibbs & Bruns. There was a piece of it that was for bank issued rep and warrant and then there was a piece that was for third party. And we obviously look at those reserves each quarter and adjust those reserves for the activity in those cases where we have enough activity to have our reserve. We obviously have those into those areas that are still uncertain; we provide the range of possible laws. And as you reference the range of possible loss with respect to rep and warrant activity continues to be up to $4 billion. 
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think it's a good question. So the decision to move the 6.5 loan to security forum was based on LCR. It doesn't change the fact that when you move out, but you still have the asset on the balance sheet. So I think that $6.5 billion is a fair adjustment to make. And I would agree that the $2.5 billion where we still have the non-performing loans and quite frankly there is not much left there to attack. It's a fair adjustment which gets you to the $9 billion. The other thing when you look at the loans that I do think is important is that from -- on the home equity side, with those legacy home equity portfolios which we want to get repaid that repayments within those were roughly $3.5 billion which were greater than the funded amount that came on from a new home equity origination perspective. So I come back to that within those more discretionary portfolios what's happening there is what we want to happen there that they’re repaying and we're converting them to more liquid instruments. And as we look at actual business activity and how we're doing, we'd focus you back within the segment. And as we talked about within the consumer business where average loans were up a little bit linked quarter on a card basis where we saw very strong continued growth within the home equity space, go back to the wealth management area where loans reached a record level. And then I think we've already addressed the work that we need to do on the commercial front.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. I think I would look at as you go forward given that we're not buying home loans from third-parties that you’re probably looking at a high single-digit continued reduction for the next couple of quarters with respect to home loans that we hold for others. The second thing I'd say that you have is you've got roughly $3 billion a quarter in home equity pay-offs, a portion of which will be mitigated by new originations, but you are looking at roughly three there. And then you have some other kind of less than a billion dollar type items. But I think it's fair to say that as you go forward outside of what we think is core, you’re probably looking at in the consumer businesses in the zip code of $10 billion to $12 billion that will go away and we’ll either have the ability to reinvest and make new loans or otherwise reinvest.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. If you look at it and you go through the different areas, you tend to have 40% type payouts with respect to the revenue piece. So when you look at the margin improvement of a couple of 100 basis points, I would put it more in the context of just good core expense management. I do think there was a little bit less litigation within the quarter that benefited us. But it tends to be just across the board, whether it be a little bit lower support cost, a little bit lower licensing fee number or a little bit less litigation. There was no one number that was particularly dominated in driving the margin.
Bruce Thompson: Exactly. If you remember last quarter we talked about it they had a decline it was because some of the stuff was going in, in this quarter you saw it revert back to more where they have pretty consistently been over the last many quarters.
Bruce Thompson: I think it was all in that much, but whether it was all in that one quarter or not, I don’t remember. 
Bruce Thompson: Sure. First, I just want to clear up that there is in the quarter, the only comment with respect to the quarter we’re referencing is just to caution on the buy ticket given where interest rates are at this point during the quarter. I think if you go back and you look at over the last couple of quarters, it’s been a very consistent message and that we’ve said that we’re going to direct more of the buy ticket to shorter date and treasury. And you can see that there has been a buildup of those treasuries over the course of the last three to four quarters. So, this quarter was a continuation to that and we were just calling out a note of caution given the rate environment. I think as it relates to overall OCI sensitivity, if you look at what we’ve typically said is in 100 basis points parallel move up in rates, how long does it take back or take to earn back that OCI, we’ve said consistently it’s been around three years, it peaked at about three and half years and at the end of September it would have been less than three years. So we have kind of on a consistent trend line continued to look to move down the overall OCI risk as it presents itself to capital. 
Bruce Thompson: No that's the period of time that it takes to earn it back. You're looking at the overall -- I think the overall duration is going to be in the plus five years. 
Bruce Thompson: Yes. There were some servicing transfers during the quarter. My recollection is that was between 20,000 and 25,000 units that were actually transferred during the quarter. So it was a very good quarter for us as far as MSR sales and driving that number down. But I think you’re right that on a go forward basis it’s not going to be at that level, although we do think we’ll make some significant progress between now and the end of ‘15.
Bruce Thompson: There are obviously a lot of factors that can go into that that are going to happen, but I don’t think -- if you believe that with what we’re saying from the quality of the portfolio and you believe the foreclosure process continues along the same trends. You’re probably looking at plus minus 20,000 units a quarter on an organic basis on a net basis.
Bruce Thompson: Well, Some of that stuff that people experience are pieces that we have already taken care of in prior quarters and some of it relates to completely different – as it relates to mortgage matters, some relates to other matters. We will always have litigation expense in this company. But in terms of the mortgage, we have talked to you in many quarters, but if you think just last three quarters three major pieces still behind and we’re still waiting for the ultimate approval of the Gibbs & Bruns settlement, 95% of the RMBS by principal amount. We had settlements and settlements at this point are awaiting final approval. So yes, a lot of pieces we have settled up FHA and things like that along the way. So, we’ve got in the monolines, four out of the five are settled. So, we've been picking a way. And so without knowing all the ins and outs of the other competitors, from our standpoint, a lot of the smaller stuff was getting done as a lot of you focused on largest things, a lot of the smaller stuff is coming in and out every quarter underneath that and we should see less of that going forward. 
Bruce Thompson: It has affected us in two ways. So when you look at the decline that we saw within the loans outside of the U.S., a chunk of that decline was a decline in trade finance. So I think what's also notable is the trade finance test to have the lowest spreads. So when you look at the yields within the international loan portfolio, they’re up. And that's because you've got more corporate type loans that have higher spreads than trade finance which tends to have lower spreads.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. Well, a couple of things. I go back to the first comment, which is that you have to break out a little bit what’s going to happen for our company over the next five quarters between the growth in tangible common equity versus the growth in regulatory capital that flows into the capital ratio, because as I said before, over the next five quarters, we'll accrete capital on a pre-tax basis absent any other changes. But it’s the first thing I keep in mind. The second thing is that as we look out we do believe at this point that CCAR is the governor and we’re obviously getting ready to go into the 2015 CCAR process and without instructions or any assumptions or scenarios that I think it's premature to look at that. The third thing is you look at return targets and Mike touched on this a little bit in his earlier question. I think the thing that as we look to get into those 12%, 14% type targets, the thing I would encourage you to do, because I do think that you start to get a bridge to that is if you take the earnings that we announced today in normalize and for the things that I touched on in my comments, you tend to be starting at a point that's in the 10% plus type return during the quarter from a tangible common equity perspective. And you've got really four things that are going to change that on a go forward basis. The continued reduction within our LAS expenses, we would expect obviously longer term litigation expenses to go down. You have the benefit of rate. And then you've got what we do within the core businesses. So those are the four things that we're focused on. And the last point I would say is it relates to just CCAR, we feel like getting ready for CCAR during this quarter and quite frankly throughout the year that we've made a lot of work between moving out of the company, those assets that tend to have low or high loss contents. In stress, we’ve augmented our CET1 ratios as we’ve gone forward. And we think we’ve taken a lot of tail risk out. So long-winded way of saying you can kind of look at the bridge to more normalized returns when you adjust what we saw this quarter. We feel very good about the progress that we’ve made as we prepare for CCAR. We’ll look to see what the instructions are and we’ll have to see if our assumption about that being the governor given the evolving regulatory landscape continues to be the case or if we need to update that assessment.
Bruce Thompson: So we do not have an exact number to disclose at this point. What I would say is we worked through and we’ve done the work to get to where we needed to be from an LCR perspective that at this point there is not anything that gives us any concern that we’re going to have to change it any material way and what we’re doing to satisfy NSFR.
Bruce Thompson: I’ve got an exact number for you. Bear with me one second. You should see during next year a preferred number of 1262. 
