Brian Moynihan: I think it's a little bit of both. So we did make a decision to invest more on our equities business this quarter. That's going to go up and down depending on client activity in every quarter. We could always change our mind. But generally we've made a decision to add more balance sheet to equities because we see an opportunity there and because our customers would like us to do that. In terms of how we add that balance sheet that definitely can change one quarter to another. This quarter it was a lot of synthetic which tends to happen when you have clients overseas who have some demand. Next quarter it could be more plain OPB and that does change the mix of NII when that happens. But it's based upon client demand not necessarily how we want to manage one part of the our P&L versus another.
Brian Moynihan: Glenn, I would just add, when you dig into the supplement and other materials and sort of look at similar business and even the GWIM business, we have to focus on the core checking balances in the consumer on a $650 billion deposit base or $320 billion. And so that is 10-years of hard work of driving core operating accounts the consumer with a core checking balances in the primary account record run near 90%, up from the 60s and 70s many years ago. And those are zero interest and they'll remain zero interest because that's the nature of the beast. So we will see other areas like CDs year-over-year down again 10%. And so, we have been driving this business to be core, core, and core and that's what's happening. And GWIM, you're seeing the pieces that were functionally investment equivalent move faster but we feel good about it. We feel good about how we're driving both the value to the consumer for the total of our services relative the interest rate paid on certain types of deposits and frankly relative to the non-interest-bearing deposits.
Brian Moynihan: Effectively, John, it's about a $100 million step-down over the next couple of quarters, which has been relatively - very consistent with what we've been doing. Over the past several quarters, we used to have the major drops as we get a position, but it's going to have been $100 million-ish year-over-year step-down from the prior year, and so you'll see that kind of play out, we think.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I would make it. Jim I'd look more to the broader aspects of your question. Some of the statistics that I talked about earlier, what is been driving? This has been in end of the day to get ourselves position as the core transaction - in a transaction side of the consumer business is a core transaction provider to every household. And we have our checking account numbers are growing now couple of hundred thousand that new checking accounts this quarter type of numbers, but have been falling from $37 million and this small business consumer combined down to about 34-ish. And so we had run off a lot of stuff that were extra checking accounts and things like that starting 10 years ago frankly. And so that's what plays your benefit here because in the end of the day as rates continue to rise, if they continue to rise, the value of the consumer deposit franchise as being around this industry for a long time is going to be driven by the advantage and the checking balances and then some of the other balances will help, but there will be more rate sensitive. So it comes more from the operating business than it does from any strategy on actual pricing because those are free balances and remain free. So the question is how do you gain share and what you see is if you think about it year-over-year our Consumer Business grew about $60 billion and deposits around about half of that was in checking account balances, one half of that. And that is driven by the innovation I talked about a billion digital interactions this quarter $22.9 million active digital mobile customers 30 odd million active digital customers more and more capabilities there and becoming more and more embedded in everything that consumer does. And that that means you're gaining share against people don't have all those capabilities in our minds. And so as you think about it that's what's going to drive a lot of deposits value and if you look at some of the rates and volumes charts, even you get to be interesting things, we look at the corporation overall, year-over-year our deposit costs on interest-bearing not non-interest-bearing up $100 million, 60 of that was in the U.S. and 40 of it is on 10% the interest-bearing deposits outside the U.S. So there's not even that much movement on the interest-bearing part. So we feel good about the franchise and where we need to price because it's more investment orient say in the GWIM business. We've priced to maintain those balances. Half of went out of GWIM this quarter was us putting people into the market based on our allocation methodology. So irrespective of the rate that went into the market as opposed into other cash. So it really comes from all the different advantages we've been driving out to drive this franchise for 10 years.
Brian Moynihan: All of that would be helpful. There's a good amount of work that's gone in by all the industry groups, all the individual companies, and the administration to come up with a list of things that, our belief is we want responsible, clear, transparent, and regulation that helps maintain the safety and soundness and capabilities in this industries. There's no question, but in areas where things have gotten too far you've got to bring them back a little bit and that lottery list is really there to provide it. So while some are more important to our franchise than maybe other people's franchise and vice versa. The end of day a careful revisiting of some of these things to ensure that we maintain the safety and soundness while getting good regulation is critical, and I think hopefully the ball is moving forward on that.
Brian Moynihan: Well I think Betsy be careful. There you have to go back to the broadest context which is the 6100 to 45. We got after this relatively early, and - and so we've got to down a level. We don't know where it goes from here, because it will be based on customer behavior demands. But if you go back, if you think about it, over the last several years, we've been adding branches in places like Denver and we'll continue to build out there. We have been refurbishing branches heavily across the whole franchise. That's all in this run rate you see. And that will continue in this is in - in an expectation I'm talking about. So we'll - think we'd have to down 15, 17 branches linked quarter, a 100 odd year-over-year, that'll continue to happen. But I think what you would expect is the efficiency of that system continues to improve dramatically. So let me give you an example, in Chicago we had to build one of these old big branches and what we've done is create a call center in there to and we have 70 teammates going to work in a call environment just to use up the physical space to keep the branch open as opposed to call closing the branch. So, if you think about it from that scheme because of the telephony capabilities that exist today, you could actually distribute phone calls down to individual people based on the number coming in and things like that local call. So we've done that in three or four markets. We continue to use up the excess capacity. So you wouldn't see a branch decline there but you'd see 80% of its real estate goes for a different purpose. So it's a very complex thing, and I don't like to get caught by numbers. I'd say that you seen us manage it well and we would expect to continue to manage it well in the future but we're not going to get ahead of the customer and create any disruption to the growth we're seeing in the core channel.
Brian Moynihan: Right. I think you've seen them start to make improvements and changes have gone through in the overall advanced RWA operas being a portion of that. The change had been more in other areas quite frankly. We'll expect to see further, but you have to be careful at some point standardized been backs into your - and your constraint. And, so this will be a toggle between for a long time standard advanced was our need in over the years now it's coming down in advance. And so standardized at some point will kind of avail the improvement overall. And then we'll go to work on standardized quite frankly. So expect us to continue to work on optimization of balance sheet, really at the end of day, opening up the difference in our GAAP capital levels for lack of a better term in our regulatory cap levels so we're down RWA on advanced based down 30-odd billion this quarter. Expect that to continue improve but be careful at some point it hits the other side in a world we have so much excess capital as this kind of an interesting exercise. But in a world where we actually start returning that capital through our earnings we're going to have to continue to optimize both sides of that equation.
Brian Moynihan: We've always been clear that we in the guidance still relative the large banks is out there sort of 30% percent earnings to dividends and 70% to share buybacks. We think that the shares are a tremendous value and will continue to do that. And with $17 billion over the next 12 months we can make some headway. So think about 30/70 split for us in the large bank category I think that's a responsible place to be. Right now we're moving up towards that but we're not quite there.
Brian Moynihan: I say this can't go up because we're starting to - at some inflection point where you've got penetration it continues to go up. So I think we had 30 odd million checking holder. So think about the delta between those two being available for lack of a better term. You've got 34 million digital users. And so you still have some digital on users who don't use the mobile phone just because they do it which means they come through the website instead of an approximately for example. And so each year we think it's not going to - you are starting to hit possible inflection point that goes up 10%, 15% year-over-year. And so I think there's headroom ahead of us. So I think of us to having 30% or more that we could get just easily and we're growing the customer base and we'll drive it. And as you see norms change you'll see that penetration continue to increase. The important thing isn't necessarily only that 22.9 million users. The important thing is how people use it. And so just take the P2P payments even though we do $18 billion this quarter even though it's been a product we've had for a while even though we're going to be launching we'll see how --we'll see how that will drive it. It's still 3%. And even though all the wallets for the SaaP or Samsung or Android or etcetera all those are out there. There's still 1.5% of payments. And so in the end of the day we had a lot of work within the customer base and how they use all the form factors to get more efficient and more effective for them. On top of what you think is more usage more penetration so to speak. So we've got a long way to go on penetration. Only 22% of sales are done. So we'll continue to drive that but importantly for the team Tong and Dean and the team is to drive that usage up and that's where we're starting to see some good pickup but there's a lot of room to go there.
Brian Moynihan: No, its Zelle not Gazelle. But - I don't want to violate anybody else's trademark here. But sure the - it's still pretty early. The nice thing is that the industry has been a network among all of us that allows us to operate very easily among us of all the companies. And so, I think the better time talking about me in six months or so after we've gotten everybody up and upgrading and driving it through. But previous this we're already driving that was up double digits year-over-year. And so there's sort of just awareness and with the students signing up for accounts from now to the fall, you'll see a lot of embedding this in our marketing and our capabilities. So maybe next quarter we'll have a better.
Brian Moynihan: Matt, at the highest level, remembers we ate up. If we go back and think about where we started the quarter, where we ended it, we took out about half of what we thought to increase was going to be due to the card. The rest of us all the factors Paul is talking about ins and outs and chewed up the other half of the projected increase, so give you a sense of dimension.
Brian Moynihan: Well, if you take that the 9.5 as the place we're at, we'd have 50 basis points or so of cushion on that at all times and so that gives you a sense where we are, and we're running 11.5 and that difference is available, so you'd expect more. That's assuming that we have 2% growth environment and continue to grow and there's no big recession that comes, we continue to ask for more capital return. I think, keep you focused in the near term. We've got $17 billion-plus that we've got to take out in the next four quarters which is a pretty healthy chunk. And then we'll go through next year CCAR process and you'd expect us like the industry to keep stepping that up to start to work against that excess. Against that, when Paul talked about the last question, the U.K. Card, remember that the thing that people have to think about is not only does it give you current capital benefit, but also - and the stress - the losses and stuff are out of the system so you can also pick that up. So, I'd say, simply point the next 12 months we're going to return more capital we earned in 2016, to give you a framework. And we'd expect to ask for - as we earn more in 2017, we'd expect to ask for more for the next task and keep driving that forward, and everything contributed better asset quality, better earnings, and better modeling and everything else. So our CCAR losses continue to come down, and we continue to drive the responsible growth. So just think about that is a framework to say more in the future. But we've got a nice pick up just coming in the next four quarters.
Brian Moynihan: You asked me what have you done for me lately, we're getting to 53 first, Steven, and then we'll move from there. But the idea is that, if you sort of think about an expense base of a financial services firm, and Bank of America in particular, about two-thirds of the cost are people cost, the cost of salaries and wages, incentives, et cetera, health care cost rising at 6%, 7%, 8%, 9% a year and so our job is to figure out how to pay our teammates fairly and more, for more productively and what they do to drive for your shareholders and if you just lock in a growth rate on that just that part of the expense base, you're locking 2% growth. So what we do through all these issues is figure out a way we can turn that into being on a core basis year-over-year sort of flattish. And so what is $53 billion keeps coming down or stays flat or revenue keeps going up both - that will produce further operating leverage. And so we haven't made projections past that 53 more just because we got a lot of initiatives coming in. But you should expect that we will be just as disciplined and thoughtful about how we both invest and invest to take out expense that we've been so far. And I think that are down to our benefit in terms of keeping those expenses relatively flat as revenues grow in the future.
Brian Moynihan: I'd say let's see what happens. I don't think it will change our thinking. We have accommodated customer's larger balances and some of the areas and some cash IRAs and things that get a little bit different, but just out of necessity. But the overall trend of driving towards the model products and driving towards the effectiveness and offsetting demands for lower and lower cost structure. The customer pays and fees to get higher and higher service and the capabilities from us is what's driving this. The fiduciary rule is only a part of it. And so I don't expect to change our course.
Brian Moynihan: Just look at back up the first half of the year we think about the rate environment it's really changed on the short-end just to give you sense how it works, we've got $1.5 billion, $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion pick up in first half NII versus last year. And so, that gives you a sense. It really is driven 60%, 70% depending on the quarter by the short-end.
Brian Moynihan: We don't think about M&A in the context of capital strategy. We are organically growing this company, including opening up in markets, investing in bankers, investing in branches, investing in things, and the capability - and investing in cash management capabilities, we built out a lot in Asia. Tom Montag and the team driving our global franchise, we just don't need the distraction.
Brian Moynihan: I think, depending on the business, at the end of day if you go across a businesses in the relation of business it's been just deploying more and more relationship management team mates, and being able to pay for that while bringing expenses down across the board. So, that's what this US trust or Merrill Lynch, the preferred business and consumer, the business banking, global commercial bank, of course, investment banking and driving that always had great products. We just literally had to add more sales teams behind that has also been a deployment and technology helped our sales teams. We used an artificial intelligence to prioritize their work in terms of targeting their efforts. And then if you look in both the markets and the markets business separate from the commercial side of it in a true markets business. When you look in the mass market consumer business what we call retail, you see that the nice thing about the retail business the mass market as we are now growing and making money in a business which was a little bit tricky and that's largely because electrification, digitization has been driving it. And if you go to markets the team and equities and fixed income has done a great job to reposition that business and its gaining share. So in each case its investments in people, technology, better customer experience and that all sounds like you say it all the time, but it has been relentless focus and just driving that and investing behind that at all time taking out some extraneous costs including credit costs through very disciplined client selection and credit underwriting capabilities.
Brian Moynihan: Well, you have to. The business that in pre-crisis that came out of some of the other firms and et cetera was driven by a basic view of generating more and more mortgages as opposed to customers and penetration of customers and giving mortgage to the customers. And so one of the way - the major way it did it 75% of its production was bought from third-parties either its correspondents or brokers or whatever the methodology. All of that's gone. And so, if you had that size of production that was bought in a secondary market through wholesale trades of production, you would have to go off-balance sheet because you wouldn't have the capacity. During the 2004 to 2008, we generate $2 trillion of mortgages or something like that. So you have to go off balance sheet. Now where we're now we're a quarter production runs $13 billion, $15 billion. And this huge deposit franchise that needs to be invested. You can put those mortgages on a balance sheet. The odd thing would be, in the past we were setting them off and then buying back mortgage backed securities, the answer is, we just retain the mortgages and frankly the credit card of ours is not worth paying the insurance. But it really came by focusing on what we call direct-to-consumer where our market share continues to be solid and really saying, we're in this business. It's always been a tough business. It's priced on a commodity basis. It's on your screen every day. And the MSR assets always had interesting issues of how you could hedge them and make them work. Our goal as a company was to take all that volatility and up and down out and just focusing on getting mortgages to start customers of high credit quality. And then why wouldn't we keep them because any other day we've got to invest our deposits somewhere and these are great investments.
Brian Moynihan: We have a tremendous customer base that is underserved in the investment management area and so we're going to continue to grow our financial advisor team to serve that customer base whether it's the teams that work in the branches, the teams that work in the Merrill office, the team that work in U.S. Trust and we've been after that and growing that. And so you should expect that number to continue to go up with Terry Laughlin, NEC, Keith Banks and team are driving it. And so that's - it's a unit of production for lack of a better term. It's your team that really has the core customer interface and will drive that. Meanwhile, on the non-financial advisor side you saw the assets in edge up 21%. So that means that we're also facing off against the customers, who choose to go about at a different way.
Brian Moynihan: All right. I think operator that's all the call. So I want to thank everyone for joining us again this quarter. I think if you think about this quarter it's a quarter which shows you responsible growth it's all about. It's solid earnings growth, very solid operating leverage. Each business grew first half of this year versus first half of last year and did it the right way, did it while maintaining great risk and did it while we invested heavily in technology and invested in our people. So we look forward to next quarter and talk to you soon.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, look we're watching it closely. I guess I would point out that Bank of America and the industry really haven't increased as you point out deposit rates on traditional bank accounts. I think we believe we deliver a lot of value to depositors. Transparency, convenient safety, mobile banking, online banking, nationwide network, rewards, advice and counsel. There's some real value to having a relationship with us and I think there's value plus the fact that there's been a lack of market pressure so far. There's a lot of on traditional accounts to leave rates relatively flat. We are starting to see some rate increases on some account types in GWIM and in Global Banking. And if you look at our models, they anticipate that we're going to have to start raising eventually based upon historical experience. But the bottom-line is, we're going to balance our customer needs and the competitive environment with our shareholder interest and do the right thing. So we'll just have to wait and see.
Paul Donofrio: No, I think we want to get out of the game of putting size parameters on it. I've given you all the inputs I can run through them again, if you'd like. But look we feel good about where we are that we had some transient kind of things this quarter. There are a lot of variables that go into this. One of the biggest one is by the way predicting people's behaviors, predicting customer. So I wouldn't want to give you a number, if you want to be happy to go through kind of all the different ins and outs again, if you want, but…
Paul Donofrio: Look, they - again, I won't give you a number, but the - we had a significant improvement in NII from the short-end, but the long end also did significantly impact us, relative to what we were expecting. Because, as you know, we have a securities portfolio and as rates change their customer behavior changes and we can amortize more or less of that premium.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. We feel good about our goal. I'll remind everybody that some time ago now, we said that our full year 2018 expense would be approximately $53 billion. A lot has changed since then. Good, bad, or whatever, a lot of things have changed, but we're still very confident in that goal. To get there we feel like we need to run in a normal quarter at around kind of $13 billion and then you've got, into the first quarter that has $1 billion or so more in retirement eligible and FICO. If you look at our expenses this quarter, right, we reported 13.7. Last year we reported 13.5. If you back out the data center on the elevated severance, would be at 13:3. So we think we made pretty good progress year-over-year and we just have to continue to make that type of progress over the next few quarters and we'll get there.
Paul Donofrio: Well, sure. I mean, a couple of things. One, I tend to think of it as opposed to the margin as put just the dollars that we're producing there. And we've got modest growth in the number of cards outstanding. We've got good growth in debit and credit cards spend. And just focusing on the margin, I think overlooks some key benefits of our strategy to attract relatively higher quality card customers and reward them for deepening their overall relationship with us. That strategy is driving incremental deposit growth and making those deposits a little bit stickier, so that it helps NII. It also - if you think what these customers they have lower loss rates and they tend to reduce their interaction with the call center. We also have a model that has lower acquisition cost in terms of those new cards. And that's how we think about it. If you just want to focus in on the risk adjustment margin that's going to - I think perform well in line with the industry and probably just a little bit lower, but we're more focused on total revenue.
Paul Donofrio: Look absent some change in the world in the economic situation, we don't see a reason why that necessarily changes materially. I don't want to give you guidance, but that's kind of our view. In terms of releases, we are building. I just point out we're growing loans. We're growing card. Things are seasoning that seasoning. So we may have some releases, but I would more think of those releases as potentially offsetting some of that growth.
Paul Donofrio: Well, the first thing I would point out is that we have a goal to get our ROE up and we have a goal on return on tangible common equity. 1% ROE we're making a lot of progress return on tangible common equity. We want to get the 12%. We are at 11% to this quarter. And we've been making steady progress and if we stay focused on operating leverage and doing the right things for our customers, we know we're going to get there. I would make a point to Brian, what Brian was talking about earlier with about our excess capital. So if you just look at the 11.2% return on tangible come equity we have this quarter. If we were the company at 10% capital instead of 11.5% that would still be above our regulatory minimum we'd have a 50 basis point buffer that would have increased that return on tangible common equity to 12.6%. So we're at our goal right now from an operating standpoint, if we could just continue to make progress on the amount of excess capital we have at the company. In terms of ROE, look we've got a lot of goodwill. We could tomorrow just wear-off all that goodwill. But nothing would change at the company, ROE would just go up to your return on tangible common equity.
Paul Donofrio: We didn't disclose the amount. It was meaningful, not like huge amount, but it was meaningful. And again, I'd remind everybody that over time is just going to reverse itself.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Look, let me just run you through the whole picture, okay. If you want to build any models, but on the revenue side, it's primarily interest income, think about $10 billion of receivables at 9%, plus you got a little small amount of card income I think that was around 30 million in the second quarter. The efficiency ratio for that business is around 40%. If you look in our supplement, you can see I think the net charge-offs ratios it's been running a little bit less than 2% call it $40 million, $45 million per quarter. I think that probably gives you just everything you need to model it. I would remind you that when we sold it, we did get 12 and 15 basis point improvement in our CET ratio on a advanced and standardized perspective respectively.
Paul Donofrio: It's changed a little bit. We are a little bit more sensitive on the long-end of interest rates went down, the asset sensitivity in the short-end hasn't changed so much.
Paul Donofrio: I think, what's important point, I mean, again we picked up that $1.5 billion, and you haven't seen the sensitivity change much. So that tells you kind of what was embedded in the pass through in the first half of the year.
Paul Donofrio: I think Marty across all the years since the crisis there has been ebbs and flows in customers' views about where they want to invest and the cash portion of our balances has come up and down. But I think the consumer and the investor are very bullish on America and they continue investing in consumers through their spending and activity and investors on a personal side through their investments and you've seen those investments in equities and risk products continue to rise almost without fail. And then when there's real market disruption concern you see a pullback a little bit, but basically without fail has been a steady investment and that's why we've had assets under management levels of record levels at this point.
Paul Donofrio: They're our customers. It's not like we're trying to find somebody else's underwriting. These are our customers. We know these customers. We were over underwriting these loans and while pay the insurance.
Paul Donofrio: We feel good about long growth unless the economy changes significantly we wouldn't expect much change from the past quarters. We did see a little bit of dissemination this quarter in commercial that could slow growth in the future. But having said that, we haven't changed our medium term outlook on our ability to grow loans, we expect total long growth for the company to be a low single digit. And we expect to grow mid-single digits in our lines of business. That obviously excludes the headwind from loans and all other mortgage one-off and now U.K. card is gone. So with respect to each segment, we're anticipating modest growth in consumer led by mortgage. We'd also expect to grow a card and auto, although auto growth is probably slowed a little bit but we still expect a little bit growth. That growth is going to be partially offset by continued run off from home equity loans. In commercial, again well, things have slowed a little bit our outlook still remains favorable led by middle market. You saw middle market loans grow 5% year-over-year. And I would note that quarter - growth in any quarter in commercial can bounce around a bit because you've got acquisition, financing thrown into the mix. All of that, I think is consistent with responsible growth.
