Bruce R. Thompson: Sure. If you look at, particularly, within the GBAM space, I would make a couple of observations. We saw a growth in both regular way corporate loans, as well as in the trade finance area, so the growth that we saw was fairly widespread. If you look at that growth by region, we saw some growth in the U.S. and Canada, and we also saw a very nice growth in both the Latin America, as well as the Asia-Pac region. In addition to that, we also saw some growth within our Mortgage area, within the Global Banking and Markets area. So not any one thing driving the growth. I'd say the one area that was probably the strongest was trade finance but it was fairly widespread throughout the business.
Bruce R. Thompson: There was, John. And I think if you look at the delta in net interest income, really, 4 main items I'll give you a little bit more detail on. We picked up $500 million of benefit during the quarter from less hedging effectiveness in prepays. We picked up $200 million of deposit based on lower debt footprint and our deposit pricing. On the negative side, we had about $200 million less because of the rates on our mortgage portfolio and about $200 million less due to the lower Consumer Card businesses, primarily credit card, which included the sale of Canadian Card that we didn't have in December. So if you take those for 4 items, that'll give you the bridge, the change in net interest income for the quarter.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think, right now, if you look at what we've seen during the third and the fourth quarter, that that's reflective of the balance sheet and the rate structure today. And I think as you look forward, the only things that are going to change those numbers going forward are primarily a change in interest rates, and to the extent that we see a meaningful change in loan demand. But as we look into 2012, I think that the third and the fourth quarter should give you the best jumping off point realizing that there was still some hedging effectiveness in FAS 91 in us.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I mean, I think that if you look at the recent quarters, it bounces around a little bit based on GBAM revenues, GBAM performance, compensation and other things flowing through. As well as to the extent that there's severance or other things bouncing around. But I think $17 billion area without any kind of onetime or anything going through it, is probably the right starting point to think about, John.
Bruce R. Thompson: And, John, the only other thing I just want to make sure we highlight is, as we do each year in each first quarter, we have the vesting of the stock compensation expense during the first quarter. And recall that, that was about $1 billion during the first quarter of '11. So I just don't want you to be surprised when you see that in the first quarter of '12.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I think, if you go back and look at the disclosure we have back in the slide, I would say at this point, we highlighted it in the third quarter that there were some disagreements between the 2 parties, and I would say that there's really been no change in that perspective during the fourth. And you can see that the GSE unsolved balance went up a little bit during the quarter and quite frankly, that wasn't unexpected.
Bruce R. Thompson: What it relates to, it say there, there are 2 significant items that we had included. I'm not going to quantify them. You saw that we did have the fair lending settlement at legacy Countrywide prior to when Bank of America bought Countrywide, that went through during the quarter. In the second thing, you're correct. During the fourth quarter, while there's no DOJ-AG settlement, you read what we read and we adjusted our litigation expense, as well as our reserve levels to reflect the best that we could, our understanding of what the deal may be.
Bruce R. Thompson: Two things. The first is, and I referenced is, recall, that we did settle during the quarter some of the loans in the U.K. that were written off. We did a little bit better than we could have expected, and that was about $300 million of the improvement. So we did have that onetime pop or onetime benefit. But I would say that across-the-board, on the consumer side, we adjusted the underwriting standards back in the fourth quarter of '08 and the first quarter of '09, and we're starting to see the benefits from those standards as the old stuff has flown through and the new stuff is becoming a greater percentage of the portfolio. And then on the commercial side, I would say across-the-board, credit quality within the commercial space continues to be very strong. And we continue to feel very good about commercial credit going forward. And the last thing I'd say is that, we've obviously reduced the size of the commercial real estate and clearly think we're on the other side of the commercial real estate charge-offs.
Bruce R. Thompson: Sure, 2 things. The first on just credit across the company. What I would expect, and just to make sure that we're clear, we would expect charge-offs to continue to improve during 2012. And at the same time, you're probably likely to see reserve releases slow down. So from a net perspective, the jumping-off point at the fourth quarter is a pretty good jumping-off point as you think about credit for 2012. With respect to the housing piece of it, we look at and look out at macro markets and look at what the expectations are there as we look at forecasting and looking at residential real estate. Those basically show a flat market throughout 2012. And as we project through 2012, we don't really assume any significant move up or down. It's basically flat.
Bruce R. Thompson: Really no change with anything that you see out there, which I think we're expecting to see by the end of February, the venue that the case will be decided. And basically, what you see out there is the same thing that we see, and our sense is we'll get [ph] a little bit better sense with where the venue is by the end of February.
Bruce R. Thompson: If we look at -- it hasn't changed that much, Betsy. Right now, we're looking at 1% hit, being about $450 million. That's comprised between $125 million and $150 million in our purchase credit impaired portfolio, about $200 million through reps and warrants and about $125 million through the property values that get refreshed each quarter would be the way I'd think about it.
Bruce R. Thompson: We did not, but I can give those to you. We had about $186 million of severance during the third quarter, and that jumped up to about $239 million during the fourth quarter.
Bruce R. Thompson: Split between the business lines. The most significant piece you're going to see there is within the Global Banking and Markets area.
Bruce R. Thompson: Sure. I mean, I think if you think about -- and the way that I would think about it is that there a lot of pluses and minuses, but if you go to Page 7, where we show you the balance sheet data, we show you that Tier 1 common equity has gone up by about $9 billion during the quarter. And in addition to that, we've changed our guidance on the risk-weighted assets side by about $50 billion. So I think if you take those 2 changes, realize we would have had some increase in our common equity in our original numbers flowing through the income statement, that if you look at those 2 line items and think about that in the context of $1.75 trillion to $1.8 trillion, those are going to get you to about the 50 basis point increase in the guidance that we've given.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think I can't speak to it. I saw the Morgan Stanley disclosure, but I think you're referencing -- I can't speak to exactly how they're doing it. What I can say is that if you look in our supplemental package, we show a breakout of our monoline exposure. We did take a couple hundred million dollars in the quarter of hits through the banking and markets area for monoline exposure. And you can see at the end of the year, I believe back in the supplemental page, we show ourselves at about $1.3 billion of net exposure from a monoline perspective after CVA. And once again, we did take a couple hundred million dollars of expense during the fourth quarter.
Bruce R. Thompson: Sure. Let's go to the fourth quarter. I think it's probably the best place to start. And if you start on Page 8, let's just go through the individual items to give you a sense. The preferred exchanges, while we put the shares out there, there'll be a nominal P&L effect by virtue of having lower interest expense and lower preferred dividends. The CCB sale during the fourth quarter as well as the one that we did in the third quarter, there've been some things written out there publicly about the impact that that's over $700 million of a loss of revenues that go through. And I think when you think about CCB, you have to think about the offset to that, which is, by virtue of doing that, there was over $14 billion of liquidity that came into the parent company that basically will offset, from an interest expense perspective, the loss in preferred dividends that we would have had through that business. You move over to Canadian Card, while the business clearly had PPNR associated with it, once you get down to the bottom line, from a net income perspective, the net income contribution of the Canadian Card business was nominal. You continue to move through the right-hand side of the page, net income and DTA is what it is. The reductions in market risk, as you think about those reductions in market risk and work through that, roughly 2/3 of that reduction in market risk were certain assets that were legacy and other securitization-type assets that we had targeted to sell that, from a net income perspective, didn't contribute that much. About 1/3 of the 21 -- or excuse me, 1/3 of the 18 basis points in market risk would have been VaR and other things that tend to ebb and flow with market activity. So to the extent that the markets get better in 2012, there could be 5 to 10 basis points that comes back on there. And quite frankly, we would welcome that because it would be suggestive of the markets getting better. You then move over to the asset sales and changes in loans on a net basis. The biggest piece of that is our runoff portfolio within the consumer businesses. And the contribution from that runoff portfolio, once again, is very nominal. And then lastly, you move over to 12 basis points of the other, some of that is mono-related, some of it's measurement-related. And I think some of it is just, quite frankly, us doing a better job as it relates to how we approach Basel I measurement, and there were some offsets on the other side. So as you go through this, the impact and to say that we're going to see any meaningful change in income based on what we did in the fourth quarter, we just don't see that. Recognizing that to the extent that the capital markets and the global markets come back, you may see a little bit of a bump up there. But other than that, these are good numbers, and there shouldn't be a significant revenue impact outside of what I just talked about.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I would think about it as we got through the fourth quarter, there was a true-up, and as we go forward, we'd expect that expense to be down a couple hundred million dollars in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think you would expect to see more of it in the second half largely because the LAS piece, as you can see, that the rate of working it down comes through. And I think it's the severance cost and stuff that help offset sort of the incremental quarter-to-quarter move. But I'd say we've got plans of bringing it down over the course of the year. It's because of FAS, the 123R expense in the quarter. The reported number would not be much, but you'd see sort of that core run rate go down almost linked quarter, quarter to quarter, quarter to quarter, but it will be a little bit more backend-loaded just because the LAS piece takes us getting through. Remember that the foreclosure look back, which cost us $20 million a month or more in there, you've got some other things that you got to get through to get to the other side of it.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I'd say a couple of things that the -- if you think about the MSR, when we went into the fourth quarter, we continually look at and look to balance where interest rates are, where mortgage rates are and what declines in interest rates will do relative to mortgage prepays. And so with rates very low in the fourth quarter, we lightened up a little bit on the hedge ratio. Rates obviously went back up, and we benefited from that. The other thing I would say is that as we looked back and saw actual prepay speeds during the fourth quarter based on the interest rate assumptions that the prepayments were not coming in as quickly as we would have expected, and so we adjusted our models to reflect that. As you think about those 2 numbers, I'd think about the $1.2 billion being split about 50-50 between the 2.
Bruce R. Thompson: No. I mean if -- sometimes, you lose a few bucks, sometimes, you make a few bucks. But what we've seen is that the sales that have happened have been generally consistent with where we're marked. And obviously, the real benefit, and I go back to the slide that we show that we track the number of loans and delinquencies, the goal is to continue to shrink the LAS business as quickly as possible so we can get the expense. And that's really what the MSR sales accomplish, not so much any real gain.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes, I would say across the board, we continue to be aggressive in looking to move the MSRs. I think if you look at -- we're starting to see more people bring these kind of packages to the market, so we feel good that we got out in front of this early and that we moved a significant amount of MSRs. And I think the other thing that you referenced to keep in mind is that we've reduced over the course of the last 6 months our MSR as we look forward to Basel III. It's down over $5 billion. It had been up around $12 billion or over $12 billion, and we're now in the mid-7s. So we're continuing to work that down. I don't think you should expect to see as much sale activity over the next couple of quarters as what we saw close in the fourth quarter because a lot of what closed in the fourth quarter were things that were signed up in the third.
Bruce R. Thompson: I don't -- I mean, it's not appropriate for me to comment on what the policymakers are saying. I do think that the one thing that's interesting is that obviously, the large servicers have certain standards that are prescribed by the different bank regulators that we've signed up for as part of the consent decree. Obviously, a lot of these sales do go to people that are not subject to that same regulations scrutiny, and I think going forward, it will be interesting to see how that landscape evolves.
Bruce R. Thompson: And I think the other thing I would say that if you look at the decrease, the one thing and we disclosed in the second quarter that I think you have to keep in mind is that the Bank of America merchant services business was moved from the GBAM business to the commercial business. At the time that it was moved, it was over $5 billion of value that's pure equity. So a significant piece, you're right, that came down was by virtue of a business being moved, not necessarily what was actually going on within the trading businesses.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think I tried to address that when we spoke to the reductions in market risk during the fourth quarter, when we talked about 2/3 of it within the market risk being from getting rid of certain positions, including the securitization as well as some of the structured credit. So once again, I think about that market risk number being 2/3 stuff that we wanted to be done with and 1/3, there were less opportunities. And like I said, hopefully and so far, the first couple of weeks in January, we have seen more opportunities so that that number could come back, but 2/3 of that should be gone.
Bruce R. Thompson: Two things. We don't see the industry settlement affecting the MSRs. The second thing, with respect to the MSR valuation, I'd make a couple of points. The first is that while rates did decrease, the prepayment activity that we saw relative to expectations was less. The second thing I think you have the keep in mind is that our MSR went from 50 to 54 basis points during the quarter, which is significantly lower than all of our peers. And I think if you look at the remainder of our peers, generally, people either wrote it up or wrote it down within a 5 basis point window during the fourth quarter. So I think we were very consistent with what we saw. But importantly, as far as the capitalization rate, we're the lowest in the industry.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think you asked an interesting question. And I think if you think about what we've talked about the last couple of quarters, that we moved fairly aggressively within the Global Banking and Markets area in 2010 to be positioned to where we wanted to be in Europe and, I think, got out ahead of it very early. But your point is exactly right, which is as we look at our company and our results, that the single largest thing or how we're affected by what goes on in Europe is the activity levels that we see within our Global Banking and Markets area here in the U.S. And your point, I think, is a good one, that obviously, November and December, given the volatility, were very difficult. The new issue markets slowed down, and it was tougher to trade. And as we've seen some of the programs and at least some of the resolution that's happened over the course of the last couple of weeks, if you look out at the fixed income markets, they've picked up significantly. The IPO backlog, if there's a market, it's significant. And if you look at the loan business, we're seeing good flows there. So we're only 2.5 weeks into the year, but clearly, some of what's happened in Europe and how people are feeling better there has manifested itself into stronger capital markets in sales and trading during the first part of this year.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think if you look at the aggregate of the portfolio, it's about $15 billion in risk-weighted assets. And the only thing I'd say at this point is that we continue to look good to go through the process. Outcomes are stating the obvious. We may do nothing. We could look at all of it or there could be a piece of it that goes. But as we go through this process, given the capital and liquidity that we have, we're going to make -- we're going to do what makes sense and just not sell something for the sake of selling it.
Bruce R. Thompson: I'd say 2 things. I think increasing the guidance first is reflective of the work that we did this quarter and how we accelerated the capital build. And once again, if you go back to the balance sheet side, you can see that we increased our Basel I capital, our common equity, by $9 billion. You should assume that the Basel III number was very close to that. So I think the first thing is that the raise in the guidance in large part was reflective of how we accelerated the actions that we did during the fourth quarter. The second thing to your point, obviously, bringing down the amount of risk-weighted assets that we would think we have at the end of 2012 is reflective of your comment. And the third thing I would say is that we've had this capital team together now for the better part of the year, and I think I would say we're very pleased with how the team's working. And the more you get into this, the more you tend to find, and we're working very hard to drive that forward.
Bruce R. Thompson: Well, the only reason -- I mean, if you think about the reserve, the reason that the reserve comes down is that because to the extent that you saddle up and pay things that you believe that you've owed, it comes out of the reserve, and the reserve comes down. And I think the other thing I'd say is that, as we said, we have $250 million, $275 million of rep and warrant expense, so the reserve coming down was reflective of paying those things that were expected and accrued for. And then obviously, we had a couple of hundred million of expense over and above that.
Bruce R. Thompson: And I just want to be clear and I referenced it earlier, the reserves and where we are at year end with respect to the credit reserves within the mortgage business are reflective of our expectations from what we know now what comes out of the DOJ-AG settlement.
Brian T. Moynihan: Mike, just one last observation. If you think about the capital-markets driven activity in the higher grade stuff, it's been very strong and investment -- non-investment grade comes in and out freely on the markets. But I'd say, when I talk to sponsors and other people, they're ready to go and for deals, $4-billion, $5-billion transaction. There's a very strong demand to do them from the sponsor side. So I think if market stay stable, we could see some pretty good activity this year on that.
Brian T. Moynihan: Well, as we're approaching the business, which are more cyclical, i.e., the trading businesses, investment banking. You've seen in the press that we've been, in advance, even doing the work in New BAC. We reduced headcount fairly significantly in some of those areas, where the opportunities weren't there and that's more adjusting that business cost 2 ways. One is the comp cost, you adjust down obviously; then secondly, the headcount. So that's been going on. I'd say, you need to be -- just to remind you and you know this, Mike, is that in the -- there's negative revenue, rep and warranty cost has actually negative revenues, so that has a fairly big impact. But as we look at it, we are driving towards the right cost structure for the right run rate of revenues for this company over time, we'll continue to drive at that. You could always say, "Can I go a little faster, go a little slower?" But we need to balance, especially in the broad consumer business. You need to have good customer service, strong customer relationships and we continue to invest in the growth areas, with getting the cost down. So example, on the branches, you've seen the numbers, we dropped to 5,700 from a high of 6,100. Our cost of operating our whole retail platform as a percent of deposits continues to work down. But we have to be careful to make sure the service quality as we do that is well-managed. So it's a balancing act. I question every day whether we get it exactly right, can it go a little faster, a little slower. But the areas are really market sensitive, we move pretty quickly on cost. The other areas, you have to be careful and reengineer the works so you make sure they can still do a great job for the customers.
Brian T. Moynihan: Yes. And, John, remember in that $17-billion type of number, we're not -- Bruce is not eliminating the $2 billion as sort of core LAS operating cost. So we expect to see that come down. And as I said in my comments, that come down in core run rate. But we have to do this right and that's where we keep engineering the change quarter by quarter by quarter. The headcount reduction this quarter was part of the startup.
Brian T. Moynihan: It was a constant focus, really, when it comes to accelerate anything we can that really isn't dependent on technology implementation. So when you look at the broad -- in 2012, we'll spend $0.75 billion to get the cost saves type of numbers, so we're trying to accelerate the non-technology-dependent, and that's the reference we gave you. So we're ahead of schedule, and we expect to stay ahead of schedule. And overall, the numbers will come in -- the goals we gave you.
Brian T. Moynihan: From a pure activity [ph] standpoint, we continue to see -- when we get hold of our property, we continue to see to be able to move it in 60, 90 days, and the activity is moving through the markets as the foreclosure rework was done and any activity. So we don't try to outguess the market. We resort to the average, and we adjust it for the places we have more loans. But the reality is you continue to see the healing in the housing market every day in terms of the amount of activity, the amount of delinquencies in the process moving forward. And so I think it's still a lot of hard work, but you'll be seeing it move forward.
Brian T. Moynihan: Yes, the decision's in the Second Circuit. Our expectation is somewhere in the next 45 days or so. They'll make a decision whether state and the federal court or go to state court.
Brian T. Moynihan: I mean, I think what I'd say is that the cleanest way to think about it is if you take the $5.6 billion and you adjust for the items that are down below, you get to a number that's in and around $4 billion. And as we look forward and as we look to build off of that $4 billion, you've obviously got a series of things that we'd look at going forward. We clearly would expect the trading and investment banking revenues to be better in 2012 than what we saw here. We've obviously got New BAC Phase 1 that's beginning to kick in during 2012. As we've talked about, New BAC 2 will kick in quicker than 1, probably towards the end of the year. You've got improvements towards the end of the year in the Legacy Asset Services cost, and then you've got any improvement that we see from the rate environment. So I think as you look at those numbers, that's probably the best jumping-off point, and we're obviously working hard to drive those improvements with the categories that I just went through.
Brian T. Moynihan: But one thing is -- remember the difference between our capital base size-wise and other people's capital base is one of the different effects here. We're dealing with $120 billion of Tier 1 common, so it's just a different type of number.
Brian T. Moynihan: Just to make sure -- there's revenue impacts, but after charge-offs that lies before you, there's no bottom line. And that's the thing, I think, it's not been cleared to the people, and so hopefully, Bruce has clarified that one.
Brian T. Moynihan: Well, I think in the work that's gone on to develop that settlement. You had the major servicers and then, obviously, the representatives of the Department of Justice, then the state AGs and HUD and others work together to come up with a package of programs that we believe will be very positive in pushing the situation forward. So I think you're right. In hindsight, we'll decide whether it's watershed or not years from now, but I think the intent of those programs is to actually help drive the recovery in housing and how to handle customers. So I think that, combined with all the other programs and the million modifications we've done, that combined with -- whether you agree housing is up or down, but the general stability and, frankly, the passage of time and working through it, I think these are good things. And that's why we wanted to -- we and the rest of the industry have been trying to work this out, really, to provide that catalyst to keep pushing the mortgage situation forward. So I think you're exactly right, Nancy.
Brian T. Moynihan: Well, I mean, if you just -- the question is how fast does it come through because just to implement the settlement and the work will take a series of months and quarters. But I think the theme is exactly right. If you think about the drag in 2011, we made a few billion dollars in the fourth quarter. We had a $1.5 billion loss in our Consumer Real Estate business. For the year, we made $1 billion plus, and we had substantial losses in the real estate business, as you can see. So if you take those losses out, the core run rate of the company is embedded and is running every quarter. The business we have there performing are driving profit. And this has been a huge, huge drag to this company, both from expense side and on the charge-off side and everything else. So it will come that way. I just caution you, Nancy, to realize that this a lot of work, a lot of people and a lot of -- particularly difficult because of what's involved and people and their homes and stuff that we got to work it right. So I'll just caution on the speed, but the principle is right.
Brian T. Moynihan: So I think, Ed, to frame that, think about the 60-plus delinquent units and the progress we made this year and the progress we ultimately got to get to to get to more normalized level, that will take the next 6 to 8 quarters to get through that. But when you get down to that level, the number should be more in the $300 million a quarter versus $2 billion from the operating cost side. And so a reasonable amount to service those loans even under the heightened servicing duties that will be embedded in the way you service delinquent loans going forward is that kind of number. I just again say it's going to take us time to work through that. You see the progress we've made this year. You see the flows coming in slowing because -- on the whole servicing portfolio in terms of improving delinquency and then moving the stuff through the process. So I think that's what we should be looking for, from a $2 billion down to maybe a $300 million a quarter type of number.
Brian T. Moynihan: Let's start from the broad strokes. We saw an elevated level of account closings in the quarter, elevated from last year fourth quarter, but frankly, by, I'd say, 20% versus last year fourth quarter '10 to '11. But from '09, it's actually still down in the fourth quarter of '11 versus fourth quarter of '09 by 20-odd percent. So you saw that, so there's no question, and that's way we pulled it back. And once we pulled it back, you saw that mitigate, and that will carry us in the first quarter. But from a deposit strategy, just remember overall a couple of things. One is if you look at our deposit pricing, we have been very conservative as rates have stayed low to make sure that we continue to bring that pricing down. In the retail world, we're down to 20-odd basis points, and if you look even in the high-net worth world, we're down in that pricing, and what we've made the decision was to have our customers seeing some of the short-term flows use the off-balance-sheet vehicles and things like that as opposed to on-balance-sheet. So that was a strategy also. There's a third part of this, which is our balance sheet financing construct with a $1 trillion-plus in deposits with the amount of equity we have, is that our banks are extremely liquid. And so taking wholesale-oriented deposits both domestically and internationally, we've been just cutting that back dramatically. So if you look in the fourth quarter, there's about a $20 billion deposit reduction that was engineered off of foreign time deposits and things like that, that overwhelms the good core activities in the businesses, really because we can't use liquidity in a sense at our bank level because liquidity is so strong, and as we're downsizing assets, we're creating more of it. It's a negative carry. So you can see our overall liquidity numbers timed to acquire funding is going up while reducing the aggregate amount of deposits from this more funding characteristics. So I'd say that yes, we had some impact from the $5 debit fee. That's why we made a decision to reverse it. Those impacts in the scheme of things will be manageable, but more importantly, the real deposit phenomena is we're seeing growth, and there's no question as we saw the second half of the quarter more stability around the market. The company, we saw a kick-up even on the corporate side. But the real engineering deposit has been both general rate conservatism, i.e. making sure we're making money for shareholders and doing the job for the customers, but more importantly, on the more wholesale stuff, sort of bringing it down, because, frankly, we can't put the money to work right now.
Brian T. Moynihan: I mean, I think the only thing I would say to that, I think is really just further support of that, that a fairly healthy chunk of the guarantees are from product that was purchased from correspondents. And when it's purchased from the correspondent, it's wrapped by the government guarantee at that point. So we feel very good about the fact that it's wrapped. That was the basis -- I mean, significant chunk of those, that the wrap was around it when we purchased it, and we clearly haven't seen anything that would suggest any differently.
Brian T. Moynihan: No. We do continue to work through the servicing piece of that with the FHA to make sure that we're in conformance with their standards when we go through the foreclosure process, but that is separate and distinct from the fact that those mortgages have the FHA guarantee.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think you're now comparing a lot of different things because there's other operations that are supported, whether that's Goldman or Morgan Stanley. But we have a consistent methodology. As the legacy assets have gone out from an economic capital cost, that has been a very efficient, for lack of better term, reduction. The RWA may be under Basel I, may be 100% risk-weighted or things, but the economic -- we have an economic analysis that we look in the risk-embedded net. As you get the Basel II and III, those 2 things come in sync, as you know. So the equities come down. Let me be clear. If this unit wanted more capital, we'll give them more capital. I think Bruce was clear about that. And so there are -- whether it's their value at risk or whether it's their capital, this is really due to the opportunities and things going on. So there's drivers in the credit quality that's improved dramatically over the last 4 quarters in the unit. There's drivers from the legacy assets, think of things in there from the monoline positions we talked about, the auction rate notes we talked about, the CDO positions being liquidated and taken out. And then on top of that, there is the -- they've brought risk down because the opportunities aren't there to do it. We expect that risk, the good core risk, the risk we want to go back up. And as Bruce said, 5, 7 basis points of capital have been great because implied in that, we'd be making money as opposed to losing money on the trading side. And so don't think that this is a -- this is an outcome of a model that we run all the time and running consistently as opposed to a limit on our capital or anything like that.
Brian T. Moynihan: We'll be clear with you. We're not going to ask or make sure that we're well positioned with Basel III, so your assumption is correct.
Brian T. Moynihan: I'd say the other thing, moving past '12 and beyond, you have to remember that BAC have been working for the last couple of years to think about as Basel III became clearer in '10 and in '11, and the SIFI and all the stuff became clear. We had to be thinking long term about how you keep positioning the company. If you think about the 3 major deducts from the numerator, the financial institution stakes, the MSR, the DTA, we've done a lot of work on 2 of those. And the DTA will come down as we earn, so there's leverage in that past '12 and out before the deducts become effective. There's leverage in that. And then if you look at the -- as Bruce ran through the denominator, the piece that, Andrew, that people have to keep in mind is that this doesn't stop in 12/31/'12. This -- the process goes on. There's portfolios like the runoff portfolio, and the credit book that was at a high at 120 is down round numbers now 90, runs about 4 billion, 5 billion a quarter will continue to run over that time period. There's things like the structured credit trading book. There are other ways to optimize beyond that. So what we're getting as we do the work that Bruce said and the work we've done the last couple of years is attacking the biggest things first, but there's a lot of, for lack of a better term, smaller things that you just keep working on, working on, a lot of which is not core to what we do day-to-day, and that's we've been pushing through. And so you should expect us to continue to manage this as we have and continue to drive it forward.
Brian T. Moynihan: Moshe, remember this is a little different than other things you can think about in the P&L in a financial service company in that there's really a sealed book of 2004, '05, '06, '07, '08, originations that you're working against. And so the expectations as you -- we provided for all the activity you expect to see out of that whole pool, and then -- so you're going to work this reserve down every quarter because you're using it to pay for stuff that you calculate in your expectations. So it's different than credit or other stuff in that that's the expected outcome because it's a sealed book. When you look at originations from '09 forward to '10, the delinquencies in our portfolios, as Bruce said earlier, are much better than you would have expected when you're originating in '09. So at the end of the day, if the loan doesn't ever become delinquent, we don't talk it. This isn't a problem. The quality of the origination practice and stuff, the products themselves, et cetera, so this is really '04, '08, really '04, '07 quite frankly, sealed bid. And on the private label side, we didn't -- private label market stopped in '08. So you really are looking at a sealed group of loans, and that's why I'd expect the reserves to come down. And agreed, as there's more an impasse, we are consistently applying the standards of resolving. If people are more aggressive on what they put to us, there'll be more impasse, and we'll deal with it over time.
Brian T. Moynihan: We've been doing principal reductions for a number of years now. And the thing is it has -- it's always based on a situation that the assessment is a net present value from the [indiscernible] is better than the alternative, which will be foreclosed and taken through for the investors. And so I think that is a clear determiner of what better value is. So if -- and that's the basis of how you make determination. So I think overall, as I said before, I think reaching a solution here, it would be positive. And as Nancy talked about earlier, it is a rational set of criteria to get to these issues.
