Paul Donofrio: Yes we did see some late quarter pick up in loans and Global Banking. I'm not sure I can attribute it to the shutdown that we saw in the quarter in parts of the debt markets from a bond perspective, but I wouldn't be surprised if some of that pickup was from that. In terms of loan growth, in our consumer and GWIM segments, loan growth really continues to be solid and well within our expectations. As I said, consumer grew 5% year-over-year; GWIM grew 4%, which importantly is better than economic growth. In Global Banking, loan growth in Q4 was more subdued, but that's also consistent with industry data. Year-over-year loans grew 2%. I guess I would say that we think there are at least two factors impacting our corporate clients. First tax reform has increased cash flow and repatriation has also increased cash available for debt paydowns. But having said all that our near term expectations for loan growth are unchanged. We still expect total loan growth to be in the low-single digits, and growth in our business segments should be at mid-single digits. Maybe depending on economic growth on the low end of mid-single-digits, but we are still - we think we can achieve mid-single digits.
Paul Donofrio: Let's start with the NII outlook for Q1. The December rate hike and loan and deposit growth are clearly tailwinds, and we just think they'll be offset by two less trading days. I mean that's the best perspective I can give you. In terms of where do rates go from here, look I think Bank of America and indeed the rest of the industry really haven't increased deposit pricing on traditional bank accounts appreciably. And I think, again as I’ve said many times, I think at least for Bank of America, we deliver a lot of value to depositors between transparency, convenience, safety, mobile banking, online banking, our nationwide network of financial centers, the rewards we give our clients, the advice and counsel, all that value I think has helped us keep deposit rates relatively flat in traditional retail accounts. But again, we have been raising rates in accounts in GWIM and in Global Banking. So we pass a lot of value through - in the form of higher deposits to those clients. At some point, the broader retail rates will rise. We just don't know when. So I think we're just going to have to wait and see.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. We are not disclosing what our TLAC ratio is, but I will say that as we sit here today, we have a comfortable cushion and as you also heard in my prepared remarks the debt issuances this year are going be likely to be less than maturities.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, what we - so think about it. I think if I got it right, it was two Fed rates three years ago; three, two years ago; and four last year something like that. So if you just sort of noodle in and look at the different movement from the end of '17 to the end of '18 given - and think of it as a live basis, I think that what was embedded in it, there just isn't a lot of movement because they're checking accounts and checking accounts never have high interest rates on them and half of them are non-interest-bearing, so they don't have any interest rate on them. So I think, it really comes down to who the customer is, how they use the cash or is it transactional cash, is it investment cash either short term or long term and each business line is different. But in the consumer business, what is driving our deposit growth is the $20 billion from fourth quarter 2017 to fourth quarter 2018 and checking balance growth, which will always be tremendously advantaged from the perspective you're coming at which is a funding basis. And as they grow, we don't feel - there's not a lot of pressure because half of it is non-interest-bearing accounts. You can just go back and look at the pricing across time in these businesses and see what's happened if you sort of look at it, and I think you'll feel that we should be able to consistently drive that. In the rate sensitive side i.e. where it’s investment cash, the rates have moved up substantially already and we're growing those balances. So we tell our team to price to grow deposits 3%, 4% better than - i.e. better than the economy and they've got to achieve that balance and they've done a great job.
Paul Donofrio: Look it's a good question. I wouldn't hesitate to give you a number because the revenue is based upon a lot of different things besides just what the level of the markets are. I think it kind of would be misleading to come up with a number just based upon the markets to everybody on this call. So maybe if you could call back and Lee and his team can help you think through what the issues are more broadly but we're not going to give a number today.
Paul Donofrio: Yes sure. Look at 22 basis points, NPLs as a percentage of loans is basically at a historic low here. There was an increase in the quarter driven by a couple or a few names that were downgraded. If you look at reservable criticized exposure, it continues to fall in the quarter. So again we don't see anything suggesting a broad based decline in the overall credit quality.
Brian Moynihan: Mike to put it in perspective, I think we had $20-odd billion of fourth quarter '17 to fourth quarter '18 checking account growth in consumer. We actually -- as I said earlier, we have been in a decade-long repurposing of that business including focusing on primary accounts. So we're at 91% primary accounts. Accounts we add are accretive and solid. The average balance per account continues to grow. The satisfaction in that business hit an all-time high across the board in terms of customer delight. So it's a good performance, it’s strong performance. But the key among all that is, basically, we are net growing checking accounts a few hundred thousand a year for the last couple of years, which we hadn't been for the last eight or nine years as we reposition the old product lines and did all the consolidations, even sold some branches you're well aware. To go to your question on millennials, there are 50 million households in consumer; 36 million digital households; 26 million mobile households. There are not enough millennials to meet those statistics. So this is a broad-based change going on, and whether it’s people 80 years old, 70 years old, 60 years old, the way people use their capabilities that we have built for them is across the board. So any technology adoption, people often attribute to millennials, but when you think about that kind of penetration of digital practice, a 1.5 billion log-ins a quarter, you have 77% of the checks deposited not at the branch i.e. through ATMs and mobile deposits. You just don't have enough millennials to go around. So this is a broad-based trend that we've been driving and over the 10 years I talked about earlier, we had 6,100 branches, we have 4,200 branches. We have grown checking balances. It's just isn't enough millennials to make that happen. So it's a broad-based thing. I'll give you a - this quarter we crossed five million Zelle users, five million Erica users. Now remember, Erica is not even a year old, and five million Preferred Rewards customers who brought their relationship to get the benefits. That is what's driving this - the checking growth, because you get - if you bring all your relationships through the reward programs, we have that integrated across all products, not just card products that provides a good benefit. And so it's tremendous operating leverage as Paul mentioned, some of the statistics in cost It’s tremendous client delight, it’s tremendous capability, tremendous efficiency. It is broad-based comment. I mean, it's not - I mean, millennials would score high on something like Erica, but that would be expected. Long term it would be broadly adopted in our franchise.
Brian Moynihan: It's always hard to - our market share in consumer deposits we think is around, I don't know, 13% 14%, 15% depending on what you calculate Mike and it's growing. And if you look in the top 30 markets, 30 markets or 40 markets that we play in across the company - the country, excuse me, you can see that if you just follow the FDIC dating, CR deposit base continuing to grow. So, would it skew a little bit that way? Sure. Because younger people are opening up the relationships. I'd say that it's a little - if you look at it, the mobile adoption just to give you a sense, millennials are about 80%-plus, GenX are 72%, and boomers are 50% plus. So, it's across the Board.
Brian Moynihan: I'm not sure I'd agree - I agree with everything you said until the very last part Glenn when you said good and uncharted. I mean this is - the ROAs are solid and the - if you think about it 100 basis points plus 100 a quarter, those are getting the numbers which are solid performance the ROTC. So, we had to - because of tax reform, those all moved up, we've moved that up to higher level now. And you're seeing us run at a rate which we'd expect to continue. With the economy growing couple of percent, if the economy shrinks or something, that's a different question. But we sort of stick to this model all the things you cited in your opening to your question is the model, right, which is grow revenue a little fast and economy, keep the investments flat, keep the credit risk in check, and drive that operating leverage and bring the share count down. So, you're saying what we're doing and I just - I'm not sure the returns will incrementally move up. There's a fundamental resetting obviously through not only the operating performance but the tax reform, but now they're growing forward a little bit, but they'll be in that range, 14% 15% 16% return on tangible common equity then maybe move up higher than that on a given quarter, but I think we're in a solid place right now.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think the simple way to put it, it's all of two weeks into the quarter or whatever is that it's - we've seen a normal progression that you see from the fourth quarter to first quarter and it's solid out there right now and the equities business is stronger as we referenced earlier. But and all the thesis you had and all the pieces of it, but overall, our trading revenue has been fairly consistent every year. It came about at every quarter and every year differently, but it's basically been $13-odd billion sort of year after year after year with a range - I think a total range of maybe $500 million, $600 million, $700 million just to give you a sense. I don't have numbers right in front of me. So, the model was a moving model. And so there's not a lot of markdowns, markups stuff what you would've seen more in '08, '09. All the stuff marked to moving through at 100 miles an hour. There's no storage going on. So we've seen a recovery in the activity of clients. That's good news and you're probably seen with our clients and that's been good. So you've seen that pick up, but let's - we got to get through some things in the atmosphere out there and make sure that sustains for the quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Remember the team in equities, Fab Gallo and team, they had to retool a lot of the platform, put a lot of technology. And about 24 months ago Tom Montag and the team said they're ready to start really pushing our capabilities out in the market and as I said earlier, we've got 70 new clients in the fourth quarter. Our equities business so the balance sheet growth has been in support of the equities business. And it's - remember it's very low risk, very low RWA, but that's been fairly consistent build over time. It will ebb and flow a little bit by market value because of the way it works. But it's really because the equities business is - with the investments made technology and capabilities and now turned out into providing balance sheet capacity and capabilities is a prime brokerage business.
Brian Moynihan: I think assuming an environment of – was the GDP decline is I think what the base of your question is, you would see - you obviously probably see a market decline that will bring incentive-related compensation down that instantaneously happens. And frankly, if we're not earning as much that's obviously an outcome and so there will be those types of things. But we could always choose not to invest, but I think if you look at what we're investing in and you'd say, 'keep going.' Honestly as a shareholder, it will be a better answer for the company because the technology investments allow us to take long-term expenses down and things like that. So yes, there's always leverage you can pull. But that's - the business model we're operating for many years now has been the constantly pulling those levers with time that allows you to manage a company much more carefully and allows attrition to be a front in terms of headcount. But the key is to just keep driving our operating leverage. So if revenues flatten, you've got to get the expenses down a little bit to make it all work and keep it positive and we're focused on it. So let's see what happens. We'll see - you have to kind of have what the constituent parts of the backdrop are. But mechanically some of the expenses come down just due to pure revenue-related incentives.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we've been able to do it. If you look at - go back and look at that chart on quarterly operating leverage, it has come in quarters where revenues fell. And so that - and that's the key is, it may not be as big, in other words the net operating leverage, but the culture we built in this company to operating excellence and simplify and improve and the idea generation, whereas 4200 ideas over the last four-five years. We're continuing to generate them. We're looking at every single process and taking apart mapping and understanding, understand what data flows, how we can automate it? And it's very incremental. Those are not huge spend $1 billion and see if it works. When you add them all up, we do spend $1 billion, but it's a bunch of small projects. So those are always moving down into our benefit as we move through it. And so I think if you look at that operating leverage, yeah if revenues were flat. Just say because of whatever is was going on there we should be able to manage expenses underneath it.
Brian Moynihan: Right, I think the U.S. being the biggest fee pool as people talk about it by far, we continue to do that. We feel pretty good about the team we have in Asia, we feel - in Europe we're going to add some there, but the real key is to cover deeper in the client base. Outside the United States, we cover the largest companies in the world, the largest investors of the world. Inside the United States because of the nature of the business we cover from small businesses all the way through the largest companies. And the piece that we probably gave up coverage on that we got to go back and is sort of the upper end of the middle market and the broader base. And so, we're adding resources - middle market investment bankers that work with Alastair Borthwick's team with Matthew Koder's team working with them to drive it. We're adding more coverage deeper in the industry groups. And so it's a broadening out of the U.S. will be there - in the North America will be the biggest sort of explicit build you'll see. But a lot of it is just filling in the cracks and making sure that we've got that coverage really owned from - in the United States from the smallest company, the largest company for all their capital markets needs and M&A needs and then outside, it's really picking our industries and our fine-tuning, which we've done.
Brian Moynihan: Well, look let me just start out with a couple of level setting points. We clearly as everyone has seen been growing our capital return to shareholders consistently for many years now. So that's one a point. We increased our dividend 25% last year. We increased our buybacks by $8 billion. And last year, when you put it all together based upon what we submitted, we were at 100% a little over 100% payout ratio. If you look at our CCAR results, which you alluded to, we do have a significant cushion using the fed's results. Considering I guess the severity of last year's scenario and as you point out our cone capital cushion, we would hope expect to have room to, at a minimum, sustain that payout ratio, if not increase it. But we got to see this scenario first. That's the one caveat.
Brian Moynihan: Earlier I said what I expected for '19 charge-offs in the range of where they are kind of now. The point that I think we were talking about at the conference is around the construction of portfolio versus what they were last cycle - for this cycle for us. We had a $250 billion unsecured consumer credit card and other types of unsecured debt. So, just sheer volume that is completely different and that took frankly a lot of work to get us repositioned to where we have it. So just using that example and if you look at charge-offs go back in 2010 I think there were $30 odd billion in the year and a big part of those credit card and related unsecured debt restructuring credit card loans. That was due to the fact in the mid 2000s where the best data analytics the best underwriting team in the business we are underwriting with a 5% charge-off expectation and a good economy. And it turned out to be a bad economy, it turned out to be consumer-led problem and that led to much higher charge-offs. So you can then run that same story through home equities and other things. And so, if you look at the size of the consumer book, it's much smaller. Then you turn - flip it over and talk about the quality underwriting. So now our expectations are 3.5%, 4% charge-off rate in a 7%, 8% unemployment type levels versus five 5%, 6% before and moving on beyond there. So that you both the rate and the volume question on home equity in unsecured consumer credit that is much different and then you go to mortgage same story. Then you flip over to commercial credit we've always had wonderful commercial credit experience. Go back the 1990s - the mid-late 90s through the fallen angel crisis go back through the last crisis and we underwrite commercial credit I think better than anybody in the business. And yet we still have balance there and you see us - the ray of risk is across-the-board. We've managed the limits at the industry level, at the country level and all that stuff. And so we expect the outcome to be even better than it was last time there and we watched the snake and all the different things that give us that comfort. But the real test is just look at the stress test. And so if you look at the stress test and say under that scenario with no preparation, no ability to change during that nine quarters, if you look at card, if I remember right at the top of my head, I think the total charge offs for the nine quarters are around, I don't know 11%, 12% something like that. If you de-annualize that, you think of that - under that scenario if unemployment go from four-ish to the pace that goes up then you end up with about a 5% to 6% per year - at a 5% per year. That just shows the difference in the underlying quality, but it was a conscious effort to give up a lot of revenue to get the company more balanced, so that through a crisis it would perform completely different. All that I'm not going to give you a target, because I don't have a scenario, I'm giving the target that will be much better than the last time.
Brian Moynihan: So first thing to think about as we look at that securities book we're always, always, always balancing earnings against capital and liquidity. That’s dynamic process that happens daily, certainly weekly. We don't take any credit risk in that investment portfolio. That's the other thing I always like to stress when we talk about it. So, we look at it and we're always trying to figure out whether we should do a little bit more of this or a little bit less of that. If you looked at this quarter by the way we did, we have a little bit less sitting at the Fed because we did some overnight, very high-quality reverse repo because the yields were just higher. So, yeah we're looking at it. We look at it all the time.
Brian Moynihan: We look at it. I mean, if you look at Q1, I would expect NIM to edge up a little bit driven by loan growth funded by low-cost deposits. Longer term, NIM’s really going to depend on the forward curve and our ability to lag deposit rate paid.
Brian Moynihan: I don't think we did actually. We were expecting an effective tax rate for 2019 of approximately 19% absent unusual items.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. So the first thing I would say is look we're staying focused and have been focused on responsible growth. So, we are maintaining our underwriting standards and we're staying within, and have now for years stayed within our portfolio limits. Our exposure to leveraged lending is primarily through underwriting and distributing leveraged loans. We have very little, for example, CLO exposure at the company because as I just pointed out, we don't hold that kind of risk in our investment portfolio. Having said that, leveraged finance is a very important part of our franchise, and if it's done well, it supports economic growth. Our leveraged finance franchise does well over $1 billion. So, nothing's really changed for us. If you're going to be in this business, if you're going to be a leader in this business as we are, you've got to be there when the markets good and when the market's not and we are, but we're doing it our way, sticking to our standards.
Brian Moynihan: As I said earlier to a response to another question, we're in the moving business not the storage business. So, we have limits for the transitory process of doing the underwritings. So, we mark them and move them out and it's gone. And so, this is not how much - as Paul said, we don't - we make lots of commercial credit available to our clients, but in this part of the - in the underwriting part of the business, which is what you're talking about, it all goes out the door.
Brian Moynihan: So, in terms of the impact, we're not at the point yet where we're providing an estimate. We have made a ton of progress on our efforts towards adoption. However, there's still a lot of things that need to be finalized before we're really ready to talk about impacts. I would point out that we're not overly concerned at this point, and it certainly is not going to change how we're going to serve our clients. Having said that, we may see an increase in allowance upon adoption, maybe, maybe not. It's ultimately just going to depend on the economic outlook and credit conditions as of the adoption date in 01/01/2020. The only other issue out there is sort of the double count in CCAR and how it's going to affect capital. And with respect to that, I think the regulators and us are thinking about a lot of things, but the only two I would point out is we just need to understand the implications on capital and how it affects the willingness of banks to extend credit. As I said before, I don't think it's going to change how we operate our company. If CECL is in, the company runs stress test, but not in the Feds, what are the implications of that? There are still a lot of things to work out here between now. And I think that's why they delayed the implementation of CECL in the stress test until 2022? Yes, 2022, I think. Yes.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, look we think - just to run through it for everybody, we think that provision, we think credit is going to continue to perform well, and hopefully everybody heard that on the call. And we would expect provision to roughly match net charge-offs depending on loan growth. You heard us talk about what we’re expecting for net charge-offs. The releases are coming down. You saw they're $19 million this quarter. And we just rough - you're going to see our provision much more closely match net charge-offs going forward because we've seen a lot of improvement in that consumer real estate portfolio. So that's the best guidance I can give you.
