Brian Moynihan: I think you should expect, so if we run a cushion, whatever rules come out and when they come out and get clarity, we’ll expect to run the requirements plus 50 basis points, up to 100 basis points of excess, and anything above that will be either used to continue to grow the company, if needed; if not, it will be returned. We’re just, as all of us are, waiting for the finalization of these rules. Right now, we’re sitting on $30 billion under the old rules. We have enough under the new rules as previously proposed, but obviously they’re talking about changing them, so you should expect clarity on that. What you’d also expect is as we think about it, beginning now, you’re basically at the point where you’re sitting on the capital with a very modest need to build a cushion to the rules as proposed, and any changes will be more favorable to that, I assume, so expect us to continue to return capital at a fairly strong rate as we move through the second quarter and beyond, and the rules become clarified.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, I think as NII moves along the path that Alastair mentioned, all that sort of flows through because there’s no more activity attached, as you’re pointing out, namely continuing to reduce marginal expense of that activity because largely that’s consumer, wealth management and global banking, which don’t add lots more clients and stuff and lots more activity, even though the numbers go up out of efficiency, so that’s continuing to improve our efficiency ratio. As you also well know, when the revenue growth is coming through the wealth management business, which by definition because of the way the compensation process works, has a lowest efficiency ratio in the company, that’s a good thing because it grows and we get good profitability growth out of it. But we’re fighting that trend, and as one of the largest wealth management businesses in the world, if not--you know, it’s a higher percentage of our revenues in our expense base, and so we’re continuing to drive it down. We’re at 64, you’d expect that to improve as the deposit balance is stabilized for many quarters now and starting to grow. The rate paid has really flattened out sequentially by quarter, and the yield of the portfolio and the yield of the assets continues to grow, so we feel good about how it’s going. Our focus is really on deploying expenses in operating leverage, and as we get through the twist in NII, you should start to see us return to that again, and that would then obviously drive down the efficiency ratio.
Brian Moynihan: John, I think if you look at Slide 7, you can see the mix in the left-hand corner. Remember that one of the things we all have to be careful about is in the global banking area, the way the fees are paid and earnings credit, it messes up the simplicity of non-interest bearing and interest-bearing, so it’s complex. But if you look at the quarters coming across from the first quarter of ’23 through the first quarter of ’24, you can see that you’re seeing the rate of change slow dramatically and kind of settle in. A lot of the money has moved. If you look at the seven-day average for consumer, going all the way back to the early part of October, it’s been relatively stable at $950 billion, $960 billion, so we’re just getting through the tax season and the ins and outs in the wealth management business and consumer, people paying taxes out on the wealthier side and receiving benefits on the tax refund side, so as we stabilize in that, we expect it to grow. We don’t expect a massive change in how the deposits are structured from what’s in money markets, what’s in savings, what’s in checking and that. It’s really slowed down and been relatively stable, so things jump around but it’s all very good value. Even the highest paid balances in the wealth management business are good value for the company. But if you look at what really drives the value, so the $950 billion-odd in checking balances you can see on Page 7, the core checking balances, that’s what drives it.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, if you look on the consumer business and you think about tracking those deposit accounts from pre-pandemic to now, which is one thing we’ve talked about for different purposes, but if you look at where all the deposit balances, if people with lower average balances are still multiples of where they were pre-pandemic, people in the higher balances are actually lower because obviously they were sitting on cash in the pandemic and accumulated more cash, and when rates came up, they moved it. All in, that gives you want you see in consumer, which is at the end of the day a couple hundred million dollars above where it was pre-pandemic. But the people have moved, and you’re seeing it month to month relatively stable as we track that every month on both sides, frankly. The lower average balance accounts from pre-pandemic are basically bouncing around at the same level right now, not going down, not going up, and the higher ones are stable but they are down 15%, 20% for people with a half million, million dollar balances, largely because they moved it in the market, so we feel it’s stabilized. There will be ins and outs and we’ll see it play out, but it’s extremely valuable no matter how you look at it.
Brian Moynihan: And just remember that the capital markets opened up and a lot of the larger clients accessed them as they’ve, frankly, have gotten used to the higher rate structure and need to refinance. If you look across the businesses, you’ve got the commercial [indiscernible]. If you look across the commercial businesses in middle market and business banking, the segment up to $50 million of revenue companies and up to $2.5 billion, they actually saw progress in loan growth. It was really in the high end global corporate investing banking business where you saw sort of pay downs to bring that down. That phenomenon is one that occurs from time to time. It’s probably stabilized now and we’ll see it play out, but we are fighting for loan growth and, frankly, line usage stabilized. It’s better than it’s been for the last few quarters in terms of trend and so again that all speaks to people feeling fine, but they’re not quite as aggressive as they would be when you read the economic statistics, and that’s one of the great debates that you can read about in the paper every day.
Brian Moynihan: If I think about it, if you go back to sort of the period prior to the run-up and the couple years after the pandemic, you’ve had sort of the billion and half type of numbers a quarter. We think we’re fundamentally stronger in the market position, as you said, so we feel very good about the work Matthew and the team have done. As we look at it, we believe that they’ll continue to gain share, and I think this is a more normalized level and whether it’s pulled forward or not, we’ll find out, but it’s a more normalized level given those dynamics and one we should be able to build off of, especially as I said earlier, the penetration in the middle market side of our business, of whether those clients working off our wealth management in the markets generally, plus working across the globe and we’ve done better work international, so we feel good about everything the team’s done, the combination of corporate and investment banking was very strong, so we don’t think this is an unusually high water mark and we should be able to build from here.
Brian Moynihan: I think, Gerard, you’ve been around long enough to understand some of those dynamics. As we moved through the post-financial crisis, we had--in terms of that chart, if you looked at it, you had a lot of loans that we’d ran off because they weren’t core loans anymore, and it kind of troughed out at the $900 billion level and then grew out from there. In 2015, that’s when we started driving responsible growth. It was a call to grow now that we’d pushed out a lot of stuff from the financial crisis and got it behind us. The loans then start picking up, but if you remember back then, I think we had almost $300 billion, if I remember right, and if you looked at the slide on loans and the non line of business loans, they were $200 billion or something like that, and it’s down to $10 billion, so think about that dimension. As we ran that down and could grow, we could overcome it, and so then on the growth on loan side, it’s driven by discipline, where we want to play, and the card business is getting it positioned right. Now we can start to push from there, whether it’s on home equity business, on the auto loan business. On the commercial side, it was--we had less issues after the financial crisis in commercial, but kind of getting through all that, it was getting to the credit quality we wanted. A source of great growth for us from 2010 and beyond has been we probably gone from, I don’t know, $20 billion, $30 billion of outstanding loans in the international part of Matthew’s business [indiscernible] to almost $100 billion type of number, so expansion of our international capabilities and downright great credit work by Jeff Green and the team and Bruce Thompson and the team, so put all that together, that’s the loan side. On the deposit side, it really started with a focus that began really prior to--in the middle of the financial crisis and beyond, where we said we’re going to go for core checking accounts in consumer, primary checking accounts, drive customer satisfaction, drive organic growth, and not care about the number of sales as much as the net growth in net sales. As the team, Dee and Thong over time in there, and then Holly now have continued to push that, adding a million-ish net new checking accounts all core, we’ve gone from 60% core to 92%. We’ve got customer satisfaction to the highest levels ever, in the mid-80s, top two [indiscernible], etc., attrition down to lowest ever, preferred rewards kicked in, and all that has led to higher and higher balance retention per account, and then also more accounts. We’ve probably grown in the consumer from, I think, around $300 billion at the beginning of 2010, 2011 to now $900 billion. Now, there’s economic growth and economy growth, but that’s way outsized, and that’s what’s driven the real value of the deposit franchise. Then wealth management - again, after Merrill putting it together and then driving the core aspects between the team there has kept us up to $300 billion, that’s from 200 and something pre-pandemic and probably less than that - I think it was 200 at the time of the merger, so all these things are just part of it, and the GTS business, investments in that have driven those products, so that spread is high and growing again, which is kind of counterintuitive to the narrative that even one of your colleagues mentioned earlier, which is leave aside all the quantitative tightening and all the interest rates and all the stuff that’s supposed to happen, quarter after quarter we’re now growing the amount of deposits over the top of the loans, and the loans hopefully will kick back in and grow a little faster. But they still won’t use a lot of those balances up, and so we feel very good about that position, and those deposits, as you can see on the bottom of Page 8 on the left-hand side, all-in cost is under 93 basis points against a Fed funds rate of 5.5, and the rate of change in those deposit prices has flattened out to be very modest quarter over quarter. That’s just tremendous leverage for the company.
Brian Moynihan: The key is we’re sitting, every under the current interpretation, we told you earlier on without any modifications, we’re sitting on enough CET-1 nominal amount, $197 billion, that exceeds what we’d need for the increase in RWA under the current version of the rules as proposed. Anything that changes in that will be positive, Gerard. We don’t need to retain capital to meet those standards, so we’re off and running.
Brian Moynihan: Well, number one, our primary interest is the capital to support our businesses, so you’ve seen that happen in the markets business - as we said, it was one of the best quarters in a decade, first quarter. That is a multi-year process of building up not only the balance sheet and capital committed to the business, but importantly also the investments in systems and technology and risk management and those things, they continue to make money almost every trading day over the last several years, so that’s where we’d like to use it, supporting that business and supporting the loan business, supporting all the businesses. The reality is outside of the capital markets business, then you go to loan growth and the kind of loan growth in the mid single digits, that doesn’t eat a lot of the capital up, so then it’s just there to be returned, and so we’ve got two basic phenomena. One is we store-housed a bunch of capital, if you think about the last few years, between the changes in CCAR a few years ago that changed the capital dimension, then the proposed rules and then now whatever happens with it, so they were sort of sit in the pandemic. Before that, we were sitting on a fair amount of capital - that should be released over time here, and then secondly the question will be what those rules are going forward, and then third will be what do you need to support the business, which again that’s our primary responsibility. But generally, that is a modest amount of capital, and so most of our desire is really deploy more expenses in technology investments, and we’ve gone from $3 billion to $3.8 billion in annual technology investments across the last couple years with more branches, but that’s more of an expense question than a capital question, Jim.
Brian Moynihan: [Audio loss] wealth management business, investment banking and trading. NII continues to outperform what we told you last quarter, for the first quarter. We rolled that into second quarter and we expect to continue performance in that as we go through the trough and meet the higher second half of the year. We continue to manage expenses well under the inflation rate, and we [audio loss] start with strong capital and liquidity and a strong balance sheet. The team has done a great job this quarter, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes, so first thing I’ll just say, Steven, is we’ve been up against QT now for the last couple of years, so the deposits are beginning to settle in now. If we were to go back to--if you take, for example, consumer, if you were to go back to pre-pandemic and think about what long term sustainable growth rates looked like for consumer, if you just extended that through from the fourth quarter of 2019 to today, given that the economy is 30% larger, we kind of feel like consumer is approaching that floor, so we’re still in this belief that Q2 is going to be--Q3 may be the turning point for consumer. You can see that slowing now. The rest of our business, if you look at the exhibit we put together on deposits, if you look at that bottom left chart on wealth, you’ll see it slowed and grew this quarter. Then in global banking on the right-hand side of that page, they’re kind of back to pre-pandemic growth rates - they’re up 7% year-over-year, so we’re seeing some structure now in the deposit base even with QT over the course of the past year. Our deposits are up $100 billion, so it has been a point of conviction of ours that as we get towards Q2, we should see the consumer side begin to stabilize. That’s what’s driving our conviction that NII will go up in Q3 and Q4. We’re in that transition period right now.
Alastair Borthwick: Well last year, remember Mike, we told you we thought we could drive expense down every quarter. We believe this year, the expense will trend down over the course of this year, and obviously Q1 is inflated a little bit with just payroll tax and some of the revenue seasonality, but underneath that there’s pretty significant revenue strength, so I think that probably cost us $100 million or so this quarter. I think we probably are looking--you know, if this environment continues, we’re looking at another $100 million per quarter going forward, but it’s--to Brian’s point, it’s the good expense that comes with revenue growth over time. That’s really the only change I’d say with respect to how we think about the expense picture.
Alastair Borthwick: Sure. We’ve talked about the fact that the net interest yield, obviously, this quarter benefits from the NII growth, so you’re getting in the numerator; but we inflated the denominator in terms of the average earning assets last year as we just made the balance sheet more liquid, so that’s going to allow us to continue as deposits grow to grow the net interest income over time without necessarily growing the other earning assets. Q2, we’ll have a little more of a challenge, but going forward I expect all the NII improvement in Q3 and Q4 to drop into that net interest yield, and part of things supporting that, John, as you pointed out, is we do have loans re-pricing. Because we’ve got loans coming off the balance sheet, we’re booking new loans at higher rates, so that’s one element. The second element is we’ve got securities that we’re re-investing underneath all this too, so obviously we’re sweeping the hold-to-maturity pay downs and reinvesting those at much higher rates. Then third, the teams have been working hard at re-pricing the balance sheet broadly for things like loans, and I believe we’ve now had seven quarters in a row of improving loan pricing, so we’ve just got to keep grinding away at that.
Alastair Borthwick: It’s good to have you. I guess a couple things. The first thing is we haven’t changed our perspective in terms of this idea of Q2 being the low point in the trough for the year. We haven’t changed our point of view on growing in terms of Q3 and Q4. I think the important thing we’re trying to convey is because of the continued stability in pricing rotation and because of this continued stability in deposits, we feel like that extra couple hundred million in Q1 is something that should flow through in Q2, Q3 and Q4, and then there will be a second dynamic to watch for as well, Betsy, which is if we have less rate cuts, we’re going to benefit from that. We won’t necessarily benefit a lot in Q2 because there isn’t enough cuts or time in Q2, but I think by the time we get to Q3 and Q4, we’ll know more about the rate structure at that point and we’ll be able to tell you more about what we expect for the growth in the back half of the year, but we’re reasonably optimistic there.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes, I mean, we’ve deliberately worked on that over time, but we’ve always, I think, had a pretty good program of hedging the fixed rate securities in the FS book so that they’re swapped, and that means that if rates go up, we obviously benefit from that. It doesn’t necessarily hurt us in terms of AOCI, so. Most all of the treasuries that you see in our portfolio are swapped, so I would expect very little in the way of AOCI impact there.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes, so Glenn, ultimately we’ll use the same philosophy and strategy that we do to this point. We are in obviously a very good position where we have substantial deposits in excess of loans - that’s what creates this excess in the top left of Page 8, and it’s what allows us to put everything to work in the top right. The balance that we try to strike, you can sort of see in the left-hand side - we’re trying to make sure that that cash and securities yield compared to the deposit rate paid performs in any environment, so in an environment like this one, where there’s an awful lot going on with rates, we feel like if you look at that spread, I think it was one basis point different quarter-over-quarter, so we’re trying to make sure that we lock in the value, monetize the deposits regardless of whatever the rate environment turns out to be, and we feel like we’re pretty balanced now. We’ve got a pretty good balance of short dated, long dated, fixed and floating that should allow us to perform, whether rates go up or down from here. One final thing I’ll just say, and I think you know this, underneath all of this, obviously we’ve got some securities re-pricing, and to the point, I think it was John asked earlier, we’ve got loans re-pricing as well, and all of that gives a little bit of underlying resilience to this.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes, well I think we’re probably getting closer now because, remember, in the big macro, we’re in that transition period where post-pandemic, the economy is sort of recovering and rates are settling in, and it’s changing people’s behavior. We’ve actually got pretty good credit card growth, and that’s just offset by the fact that, for example with securities-based lending at rates that are 5% higher, people are doing less of it; or in commercial, we’ve got some loan growth but the revolver utilization is still suppressed because revolver costs a lot more, so as the Fed has raised rates, it’s changed some of the borrowing patterns of our clients. But that’s not going to last forever because, as you point out, the economy powers through at 3%, 3.5%, whatever it end ups being, loan growth is going to catch up to that over time. For right now, we’re in that transition period, but we’re anticipating that loan growth will pick up at some point in the future, but it’s not an enormous part of our NII guide at this point.
Alastair Borthwick: Sure, well I’d say generally speaking, higher for longer is probably better for banks, as a general statement. The question will become why are rates higher, like what’s going on in the economy? Are we talking about inflation, is it under control, is it coming down? Right now, that appears to be the case, so that’s obviously a good place. The Fed’s in a good place because they appear to have rates that are a real rate that is high enough to make sure that inflation stays in a good place. Things can change, Matt, so an awful lot will depend upon just the why for rates; but generally speaking, if it’s just because it’s taken a little while longer for the inflation to nudge down before the next set of cuts, that’s probably a good environment for us. I would expect us to perform relatively better than we’ve disclosed so far. Then you’re asking a second question, which is around what does the sensitivity look like to plus-100 or minus-100. We’ve tried to just make sure that we continue to stay balanced. If anything, that corridor of plus-100, minus-100 has gotten narrower and narrower over time as we’re trying to lock in NII that’s $4 billion or $5 billion higher per quarter today than it was three years ago, and just make sure that the shareholder benefits from that through the course of time. We’ll see how the environment plays out - it’s only been a quarter since we were last here talking about six cuts. Now it’s three, so we just have to watch this play out and stay patient.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, wealth management, I think Lindsay, Katy and Eric highlight for us regularly just the elevated levels of cash that our clients have. A lot of that is on us, and you can see that in our deposit chart; but there’s a lot that we captured in the investment area too, where a lot of t heir flows are coming into maybe it’s money market funds, maybe it’s short dated treasuries, but there’s a lot of cash at this point, and so that would tell you it’s supporting the ability to see continued assets under management flows going forward, depending on how obviously the stock market shakes out over time. We’re all struck by just the sheer amount of cash on the sidelines at this point.
Alastair Borthwick: Look - we don’t have an update on the timing yet, Gerard. We’re in the same place you are - we’re kind of waiting for the rules to come out, and we’re still listening for updates from the Fed Chair and the Vice Chair, and we’ll wait until we see those come out.
