Alastair Borthwick: Thank you, Brian, and I'm going to start on slide six of the earnings presentation. I'll touch on more highlights noted on slide six as we work through the material. I just want to say upfront that we delivered strong returns with return on average assets of 85 basis points and a return on tangible common equity of nearly 14%. So let's move to the balance sheet on slide seven, where you can see we ended the quarter at $3.26 trillion of total assets, relatively unchanged from the first quarter. And not much to note here apart from a mixed shift of lower securities balances, mostly offset by an increase in reverse repo and modest loan growth, as well as global markets client activity. On the funding side, deposits declined $36 billion on an ending basis, reflecting typical seasonal customer payments of income taxes. And as Brian noted, average deposits were still modestly higher. Liquidity remained strong with $909 billion of global liquidity sources that was flat compared to the first quarter. Shareholders' equity was also flat compared to Q1, as earnings were offset by $5.4 billion in capital distributed to shareholders and a $1.9 billion redemption of preferred stock in the quarter. The $5.4 billion of capital contributions included $1.9 billion in common dividends and the repurchase of $3.5 billion in shares. AOCI improved modestly in the quarter and tangible book value per share of $25.37 rose 9% from the second quarter of last year. In terms of regulatory capital, our CET1 level improved to $198 billion and the CET1 ratio was stable at 11.9%. This 11.9% ratio remained well above our current 10% requirement, as well as our new 10.7% requirement as of October 1, 2024. Risk-weighted assets increased modestly and that was driven by lending activity. Our supplemental leverage ratio was 6% versus our minimum requirement of 5% and that leaves plenty of capacity for balance sheet growth. And our $468 billion of TLAC means our total loss-absorbing capital ratio remains comfortably above our requirements. Brian already covered deposit trends, so let's turn the balance sheet focus to loans and we'll look at average balances on slide eight. You can see average loans in Q2 of $1.051 trillion. They improved 1% year-over-year, driven by 5% credit card growth and modest commercial growth. The modest improvement in overall commercial loans included a 2% increase in our domestic commercial loans and leases, partially offset by a 4% decline in commercial real estate. Middle market lending saw an uptick in the quarter, and we saw good demand in our wealth businesses from custom lending. These areas of growth were largely offset by continued paydowns from our larger corporate clients on interest rate sentiment. Consumer growth was driven by credit card borrowing, and while home lending balances were flattish, originations picked up a bit this quarter. Lastly, and on a positive note, loan spreads continued to widen. As we turn our focus then to NII performance and slide nine, note that we moved the slide we typically use to talk about excess deposits to the appendix on slide 22, so you can see that there. Our excess deposit levels above loans remained high at $850 billion and continue to be a good source of value for shareholders. 52% of our excess liquidity is now in short-dated cash and available for sale securities. The longer-dated, lower-yielding hold-to-maturity book continues to roll off, and we reinvested again this quarter in higher-yielding assets. The blended yield of cash and securities continued to improve in the quarter and is now 160 basis points above our deposit rate paid. Regarding NII, on a GAAP [Technical Difficulty]
Alastair Borthwick: So, Glenn, you're right. We're probably not going to give guidance around 2025 for all the reasons that you would expect. What we're trying to do here is reinforce for everyone what we've been saying from the beginning of the year, and that is we think Q2 is the trough, and we believe from this point we're in a good position to grow. Now, when you look at some of the elements of this bridge, you'll draw your own conclusions with respect to fixed-rate asset pricing is going to persist for some period of time, and you'll be able to draw your own conclusions, but I just want to point out we've been pretty clear on our guidance for Q1 and Q2. We've always felt like this would be the trough. We feel like Q3 and Q4 are likely to be better. You can see our work here. We've laid it all out. Nothing's really changed in terms of that. And the most important thing I think for everybody here is we feel like 2024 is a really foundational year. It's this twist period where we just got to get through the last of the deposit rotation, and we're establishing a foundation for growth from here, so that's what we're trying to convey.
Alastair Borthwick: Look, Glenn, I'm not sure that distinction would be the distinction I'd look to. We've gone through a massive change in cash infused in the economy and withdrawn now under monetary policy, and so as we stabilize, our instructions to our team are to grow our deposit base a little bit faster than economy. That means you have to price across the board to achieve that. And what -- if you look at the slide four or five where I showed you sort of the change, what you see is the wealth management business takes a little bit longer because those clients have more investment cash with us, not what you're thinking investment accounts puts in their money, how they think about cash, they don't need for daily cash flow, and they move that around. That largely is over. And if you look in the last four or six weeks, we're seeing those deposits in that business bounce around the $280 billion level, not a lot of movement. And it'll keep moving in and out depending on customers paying down their income taxes, taking more risk in the market and all those things, but the deposit pricing changes that we made to ensure that they were at a platform they could grow, having been as high as $350 billion down to $280 billion were made in the quarter and all through the P&L.
Alastair Borthwick: Jim, I think this bridge probably is all the right inputs for any given year. I mean, we've chosen to do it for 2024. We've already -- we've always resisted going out too far for the very simple reason that there's so many variables and they start to multiply with one another. If you think about even the rate cut one here we're using the three cuts, September, November, December. If I did this as of Wednesday of last week, there would have been two. Earlier in the year, there were six. So, since we don't know what that path looks like, it's very challenging then to provide guidance for '25 at this stage. What we're laying out here is, these are the component parts. We're going to get some benefit from fixed rate asset pricing over time. We're going to get some benefit in the immediate term from the BSBY cessation and that leading back into the P&L. As that rolls off, we'll get benefit from cash flow hedges repricing. And then we use the forward curve same as you do for the rate cuts. We benefit a little bit from global markets liability sensitivity. And then that final piece is the piece that we're trying to drive in terms of organic growth. We're trying to drive this loan growth, we're trying to drive the deposit growth. And as Brian pointed out, it's been a pretty unusual period in history, where we've had an enormous change in the rate structure and in the fiscal stimulus and the effects now fading away to something more normal. But that last box will come down to your assumptions versus our assumptions. And we will update you as we go through the next couple quarters, and we'll give you a better sense towards the end of the year.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think Brian covered slide four, that top left chart gives a sense for what's going on with the growth, that's average growth over time there. We've had four quarters in a row, so we feel good about that part. Q2 does tend to be a slower quarter just with all the tax payments. So we think deposits will do better over time, particularly as we get past peak Fed funds. We feel like the pricing and rotation, you can sort of see it in our numbers, they're slowing. So we're getting towards the end there. We're getting towards the end of QT. So we're not quite finished on all of those things yet. I'd be careful about getting too excited about deposit growth, but we feel like we're doing okay so far, we just got to keep driving that.
Alastair Borthwick: Loan spreads have improved for us, Mike, over the course of the past I think it's now eight or nine quarters. It's primarily in the commercial businesses. And it's largely because we have to price the balance sheet for the returns that our shareholders expect. And that's true, I think, for the industry. And we've been quite purposeful in that regard. So we've tried to balance price spread and growth over the course of time, but it's primarily a commercial phenomenon at this point. And I would expect that to continue for the foreseeable future, but it's a competitive environment, we've got to see.
Alastair Borthwick: So I'd say right now in terms of the 1.93%, we feel like we are under earning. We feel like that number is going to go up over time. It'll go up as net interest income goes up. But additionally, I think the balance sheet is likely to stay kind of flattish here. So the numerator is going to grow, the denominator is going to stay pretty tight here. So we think we're under-earning there. We think through a cycle, we got to get back to a more normal number like 2.30-ish over time. That takes a while. It's a grind, Mike, quarter-after-quarter, so that's where we're headed. And in terms of return on allocated capital, right now we're right around that 14%. We want to be 15% or higher for our shareholder. A lot of it is because we've accrued an awful lot of capital over the time -- over the course of time in advance of any potential capital changes. And the other final thing I'll just remind you is, we're a little different than some of the regional banks in that we've got an enormous global markets business. And that obviously makes an impact on the headline NIM number.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, look, we're obviously on it right now. We feel like this is the trough. We're trying to build it from here. We'll make meaningful strides on that through 2025. That's where we're going.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes, that's correct. Second-half '25. So as we get closer, we'll be able to give you some kind of bridge like this that allows you to see what that looks like. But it's just -- it's a year out right now.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. The -- yes. So the part that's important for slide 10 around the second half of this year is just the BSBY piece. It's not from cash flow swaps. Any cash flow swaps we have that roll off in the course of the next 12 months really, they're all kind of current coupon-ish, because anything that we did there was to do with LIBOR cessation or whatever. And so, they all got re-coupons. So I wouldn't worry about that. In the second-half and onwards, some of the older, longer-dated things, they've got the lower coupons. So that's when you know the BSBY number over time will disappear, but in the second half of '25, the cash flow number will begin to appear. So -- and we'll give you a sense for what that looks like over time, Betsy.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. We're essentially using four variables. We're thinking, what will the loan growth be. What will the deposit growth look like. What will be the rotation between non-interest bearing and interest-bearing, and what will be any pricing changes we need to make, right? Then rotation pricing are pretty closely interlinked, that you could even call them the same thing. If you use more conservative numbers, you get towards the lower end. If you use slightly more constructive numbers, you get towards the higher. I think the point we're trying to convey is this last part, this yellow box is always the unknowable at the beginning of the quarter, where we're projecting. The pieces in the green, we kind of feel like we know what those look like. That's pretty predictable at this point, but we've got a little more certainty around that. So, the teams, we got 213,000 people, who are working really hard to try and make that dotted yellow box at the higher end. But obviously, it depends on our assumptions and it depends on our actions.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So the asset sensitivity that we disclose is meant to give a sense for what happens if nothing changes, it's totally static. So that's one difference. Number two, it's off of the future curve. So it's a 100 above whatever or below whatever the future curve is. So, I think it's a really helpful thing for sort of short-term moves and rates. Like take, for example, that orange box on page 10, it's helpful for something like that, but it's less helpful in terms of a predictor of where 2025 NII would be, because there's so many other inputs, Erika, over time.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think about it like this, you can almost think about it like it's like $10 billion or so every quarter. It's just that the ones that roll off for the first -- next 12-months, they're all kind of current coupons, so they won't really have any impact. Once you get into the second-half of 2025, they're a little bit lower rated. So that's when you begin to get some benefit there. And then I think probably Lee can give you more of the details following.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. I think what will happen is the underlying growth of the company will still be there, but we have some things that we know, just like Steve asked that question, is there any higher rate, shorter-dated stuff you'd like to pay off? Yes, there will be overtime. So I think we've got some ability to almost like self-fund the first $100 billion, $150 billion of growth in terms of earning assets. So that's why we're saying that'll keep the denominator down while we're growing the numerator.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. Just remember, those are received fixed. So remember that there -- remember that is when we put the AFS in our portfolio, it's so that we've got a group of securities that are sitting there. They're typically treasuries. We swap them to floating, so that they look like they're cash as far as we're concerned. We don't have to worry about -- in fact, then to regulatory capital flowing through. And they just to us, they just look like cash equivalents. So that's how we think about it, Ken.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I mean, it's less of an interest rate call for us. It's more of going back to this concept of we've got $1.9 trillion of deposits and we've got $1.05 trillion of loans. So we've got $850 billion of excess. So when the excess comes in, we can do a variety of different things. We'd love to put it in loans, but that's always our first -- that's our first love. But in the absence of that, we're going to put it in cash or we're going to put it in available for sale, probably swap to floating for the most part. And we can choose to put things in hold to maturity if we choose to. But obviously, right now, we feel like we want hold the maturity just continuing to pay down. That's what's been happening over the course of the past 11 quarters. We're just going to keep going with that. So no particular changes to our philosophy around available for sale.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So this is -- this shows that we're asset sensitive. That's why the red box obviously is bigger than the green box. It's the market specifically that's liability sensitive. So we're still asset-sensitive, Gerard. What it would take for us is either we can have a lot more rotation into interest-bearing or we could buy some short-dated duration, fixed-rate. So those are the two alternatives. And if you look at the course of time, if you were to go back to our queues over time, you'd see that we've become less and less rate-sensitive overtime. We've really narrowed the corridor of whether rates go up by 100 or down by 100, what could that outcome look like? Narrowed that pretty substantially over time because we're trying to lock in rates here, recognizing that NII is up $4 billion or $5 billion over the course of the past several years per quarter.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. I think, Vivek, you're catching two things. First one is it is slowing, that rotation is slowing and we would expect that because at the end of the day, this is mostly cash in motion, it's transactional accounts, that's why it's non-interest bearing. And the answer why it's a little different this quarter is because of the seasonality of tax payments. For anyone who has a big tax payment due, they frequently just allow it to, they may pull it out of their brokerage account, put it into their -- they may put it into their non-interest-bearing and then they're wiring it out from there. So that's, again, an example of money in motion, but that's what's going on this quarter.
Alastair Borthwick: Nothing to highlight, nothing to note. That's a position we sold years ago and anything that's happened with Visa would just unwind on the balance sheet. We've recycled it, so it shouldn't have any impact to revenue.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, that was me. And basically what I'm saying is you plateaued in terms of the delinquencies, which means the second-half is pretty well determined, as you know, because it's just a march from [36 to 90] (ph) to 180. And it'll be -- the charge off rate will be flattish. We're kind of back to normal 3.80% or so. We underwrite to actually have a higher charge off rate, quite frankly, in that intolerance, but that 3.80% is kind of where we see it since 3.80%.
Brian Moynihan: Exactly. Yes, remember, if you think about all the charge offs, that's not -- that's the dominant part of it on the consumer side by a lot. And then the commercial, we spoke to the question of CRE office, which has been dropped quarter to quarter. We expect the second-half to be better also.
Brian Moynihan: Sure, Ken. If it -- I think honestly, the second quarter is sort of emblematic if you think about last year's second quarter. And this year's second quarter, we went from -- we went up by $300 billion -- $300 million, excuse me. As Alastair said, $200 million was just wealth management incentive comp and other growth was really other incentive comp. So the idea, the pressures we face now are really more due to fee growth in the businesses, which typically have a tighter correlation between fees and expenses and incentive comp related to those fees. So that -- as Alastair said, that's not a -- that's a good expense growth is what you want. It does grow and it grows at a good rate. Headcount is basically been bounced around relatively flat. We're 212 million this quarter and even adding a bunch of summer teammates. We were 215 last year. This quarter, the same summer teammates included. So managing headcount, redeploying people. We have the huge -- the cleanup stuff going on. We have the new initiatives going on, or freeing up work and moving it over. So we feel good about managing the company and that's against inflation rate wages at 3% or 5% going on inflation in all the services we buy in the third-party markets, obviously, that the world experiences. So we feel good about how we're managing expenses. The key is pretty simple. As you -- all the revenue side equation that, yes, Alastair has been talking about their colleagues on NII and stuff is that lifts and expenses stay relatively flat, you start moving towards positive operating leverage. We were minus 1% or something like that this quarter, kind of hanging in there. And we'll expect that to go back to the five-year track we had all the way up until the pandemic hit and things got thrown in the sun.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think that's very business and more importantly, customer-specific views, Gerard. So we think of our deposit strategies in the context of how our customers utilize our services. And so, if you think about the parts that priced up in Global Banking or the investment-related cash in the Consumer business and Wealth Management, that will come back down as rates come, because the short-term equivalents come down, some is absolutely mechanical because it's actually priced to meet a money market fund equivalent that will happen. And so, yes, I think if you think about us being all in, if you look on that slide at 203 basis points, there'll be some pickup as rates come down in those higher things. The zero interest balance accounts are low-interest checking. You know, they don't really move because there's zero interest or low interest, so they'll be kind of static, but they're still extremely valuable in the current context. So when you think of all the consumer, I think 60 odd basis-points or something, that's driven by the fact that we have $40-odd million transactional primary checking accounts that is growing at $1 million a year, meant, multiple years in a row, $900,000 a million a year that are maturing from $3,000 up to $7,000 or $8,000 in balances as people mature the relationship with us, that's where the tremendous value in the deposit base this company goes. And so if you think about $1.91 trillion having grown $100 billion almost from the trough, you think about it growing linked-quarter, multiple quarters in a row, you think about even as we look now to buy the balances above that amount. Yes, that -- those are good dynamics. So we think about it, but it will move. But if you remember, part of our deposit pricing is never going to move to zero.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think it just reflects that the people have locked in low-rate loans and now that they want to borrow. It's an expensive view because they've got a fixed-rate mortgage loan and they've got a home equity sitting on top of why wouldn't they use it. I like it for it was only two years. It's been four years or five years since that balance went from $30 billion started declining, so it's good to see. I'll note at the bottom of that page, if you look at year-over-year mortgage production $5.7 billion and $5.9 billion and you look at home equity line production, which is new originations in the boxes, solid. But it is nice to finally see that the actual balances have stabilized and we'll see -- they're kind of flattish, they're not really growing, but it's nice to see them not just keep coming down and hopefully, they'll start to be utilized. Our expectation would be, they will be as consumers over time want to take out part of the equity in their home at a rate that is reasonable, but doesn't require to refinance the whole first.
Brian Moynihan: The first thought, I think we always want to use the capital to grow the business. So if we need to use it to support RWA growth for loans or something, that's a good outcome and that's what we want to do first. Second, we maintain the 11.9% quarter-to-quarter with a little bit RWA increase, I think that would be emblematic. And we bought $3.5 billion, paid out $1.9 billion in dividends. So you'd expect that kind of to continue on in terms of that basic idea of we don't need a lot of capital to grow, because the RWA demands are met with a fairly straightforward amount. We're earning a nice amount of dollars and we'll deploy it back in the dividend and the buybacks. Well, our job is to maintain -- our view is we will maintain a 50 basis point type of management buffer to whatever the requirements are. The volatility, well, there's a whole different discussion on that in terms of the wisdom of that. But the reality is the volatility is absorbable, because you have time to plan into it and get done within a race we've seen. So whether we agree with the volatility or not, we've easily absorbed it and the new rule is coming out. We'll see what happens and we'll adjust. But just think of this as basically a requirement of 10.7 under the new SCB plus 50 is 11.2. Maybe you get a little tighter if you feel you got great insight to what happens next year. And then I think the finalization of all the three will come through and we'll see what that is and see how that all correlates to the various aspects. But we feel good about where we are and expect that all current earnings are basically available to support the growth we're talking about in the current economic environment. That's relatively modest need, but really the rest of it just goes plowing back to you.
Brian Moynihan: I think we just -- we need to see how the next 60, 90, 120 days play out. We heard a lot of discussion about the timing of a re-proposal or not, et cetera. So we had a lot of flexibility and -- but we continue to focus on shareholder value creation and all of that. But I think we're in a critical spot for the industry in terms of learning the outcome of a lot of these things over the next short period of time here.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you, operator. Thank all of you for joining us today. Obviously, a lot of focus on NII, and we gave you the Slide 10 to give you the bridge. Alistair answered a lot of the questions, Lee's here to answer it. The key is to understand what's driving that, which is deposit performance, which is stabilized and starting to grow for like six quarters in a row now, loan growth very low, but just staying positive. Those are going to drive the value of this franchise, and that's going to grow with buyer customers. That's coupled with strong fee performance this quarter in terms of wealth management fees, investment banking fees, consumer fees, even growing global payment services fees and of course, the great work done by our markets team. So that leveled with flattish expenses, gives us a chance to start driving operating leverage again in the company. And that generates a lot of earnings, a lot of excess capital, and we put that back in your hands. So thank you for your time and attention. We look forward to talking next quarter.
