Brian Moynihan: Thank you, Lee and good morning and thank all of you for joining us to review our fourth quarter results for 2014. As we think about the year, we’ve accomplished a lot, including resolving many significant legacy issues that were overshadowing the underlying progress in our financials. Solving these issues obviously came at a cost and drove a decline in year-over-year net income. But importantly it settles through the uncertainty for all of us, for investors, regulators, rating agencies and others, allowed us to focus on the core business and operation of the company going forward. As we move to Slide 2, you could see that we have a simplified and stronger company. Today we reported earnings of $3.1 billion after tax. The company is simpler and more straightforward with improved risk profile. Everything we do now is focused on driving the company forward and delivering for our customers and clients. On this slide you can see some of the important results, this year we completed probably the industry’s largest ever cost savings program which achieved $8 billion of annualized savings. Let’s think about that, we started that program in 2011 when we had around 290,000 FTE and over the last three years since then driving it the right way we completed 2014 ending the year with around 220,000 FTEs. Non-interest expense excluding litigation declined 4.4 billion compared from 2013 to 2014 and is down more than $8 billion the last couple of years, and yet we have more work to do ahead of us. We further strengthened an already strong liquid balance sheet and increased our common stock dividend during 2014 for the first time since 2007. As you can see on this page, our credit costs are at a decade low level. So, notwithstanding the headwinds our industry faces with rates on an ongoing global economic sluggishness, we’ve built a platform for growth, especially in the context of continuous improving of U.S. economy. We have built a company with leading market positions across every core customer base. And our task now is, continue to build on that foundation and the progress we’ve made. As you look at our results, you’d see that year-over-year earnings in our primary businesses with exceptions with the consumer real-estate business made progress that shows stability in a volatile rate geopolitical environment. Importantly as you think about our company, we have been investing growth, while taking out expense. We reduced our overall headcount during 2014 by around 8% but at the same time we invested. We invested by reallocating resources to sales capacity from those savings, increasing in all our core businesses. We invested by reallocating expense reductions to product capabilities and both capabilities our cash management capabilities and other capabilities around the world. We’ve invested some of the savings in our technology, spending over $3 billion in 2014 to improve and protect our company. Now you can see the results in the appendix pages and Bruce will touch on them in the line of business presentations. We expect to continue this effort going forward. We have teams working on it every day. They are working to be allocating non-productive expense to drive towards growth. The line management obtained a good expense management come to expect from our company. At the same time we are laser focused on money market sharing growth with our customers the economy continues to improve and we look forward to reporting that progress during the year ahead. With that I’ll turn it over to Bruce to take you through the quarter’s numbers.
Brian Moynihan: A couple of things, so if you follow us Betsy we’ve historically have been saying that the 100 basis points is in the $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion range and think of the increase to 3.7 more or less just representing the recapturing of the FAS 91, that we saw this quarter and that’s why we referenced that there has been more asset sensitivity on the long side, the short-end side really hasn’t changed at all.
Brian Moynihan: That’s a good question I think when we looked at this last night that the movement that we’ve seen in so far in the first quarter of '15 is almost identical to what we saw during the fourth quarter so if you were to snap it off of what we saw last night it would be a comparable type number realizing we stopped 2.5 months ago.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, it says here if we look at, we referenced if refi activity increased as a percentage of overall mortgage production in the fourth quarter and as I have said in my prepared remarks if we look at the pipelines and compare the mortgage pipeline at year-end relative to the comparable period, it’s up pretty significantly and we’ll just have to see how that plays out realizing that the first quarter does tend to be a little bit seasonally slow.
Brian Moynihan: John I think it probably is sort of about a broad level and Bruce can touch in, so if you think about in the fourth quarter a couple of things happened, one is, you have to remember margins for the investment was down so be careful not to forget as we see it coming back this quarter and expect it to rise as it just did in the first quarter that would be a increased expense which you should want obviously. And the rest of it is basically a continuous process of taking out expenses and bringing the bottom-line of reinvest growth so to give you a straightforward way in the fourth quarter the reduction headcount of approximately 5,000, and 1,100 or so was LAS and the rest was core activity we will just be growing down expense base at the same time we have added sales people during that quarter. So what we’re trying to do is ideally we wouldn’t expect it to fall dramatically, but I’d expect you guys to be able to see us continuing to make strong investments in sales capacity, technology, products while holding expenses relatively flat with a slight down or biased irrespective of you just got to be careful of the compensation related to revenue because we don’t want that to be higher.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think the Bruce talked about a half billion but I am not sure that’s a great performance not overtime either. So just assume that there is nothing more interesting than driving that number down to a normalized servicing cost than this company.
Brian Moynihan: I think if you think overall and one of the things that to give a perspective that we see is in the consumer spending in January on debit and credit cards basically, we’ve seen the spend go up by 3% and if you look at these fuel side of that it’s about 5% of that total spending and it is down 28% year-over-year. So the people are getting a benefit that our consumer customers are getting benefit but the re-spending that benefit and overall thing those are growing through it. So, they are competing -- there is a technical risk for the oil producing companies that Bruce have talked you through, but the overall economy even the first week or so January we’re seeing the benefit of the consumer very historically when the year-over-year compares.
Brian Moynihan: And I think if you think about it say two years ago I think we sighted about 100 odd billion dollars of non-core loans that’s done under 30, and a dominant part of that is still in the home equity area quite frankly. So in the card business and the business banking area where we had some stuff that’s pronounced by the predecessor company that we’re largely through all that and that’s why you’re seeing some growth there and then so the card you saw grow its seasonal that it grew and it’s been stable for a number of quarters. The home equity side is growing quite strongly this stuff and home equity stuff high charge off contents to better decision economics of the company to run it. But the rest of the loan balance is we ought to see growth, with the exception of the sort of discretionary residential mortgage holdings which will continue to run down based on better view of what we want to do for management going forward.
Brian Moynihan: Yes we’ve done a lot of work, we’ve not put anything out public on that but as we’ve looked through it and sort of we do not see that being a constrain as we go forward.
Brian Moynihan: Consumer spending increased that is that what you are referring to Paul. So far January of 2013 versus January of 2014, spending on credit debit cards of about 3% year-over-year and that’s overcoming a drag effect of about percentage and a half from lower fuel prices.
Brian Moynihan: I think if I understand your question, I think that the answer to that is no, if you go back and look at -- with the exception of last year the fourth quarter does tend to be the weakest quarter of the year seasonally. It was obviously a little bit more so this quarter but structurally there is nothing that would lead you to that, obviously it’s a market that adds inflows but no there is not anything structural that would lead you to believe that that should be different.
Brian Moynihan: I think largely we saw in the fourth quarter was collection of the change in incentives levels due to more revenue and you’d expect that to happen. But let me bring that a little higher to more broader point, which is about two years or three years ago Tom Montag and his team made a fundamental restructuring of that business to drop its expense phase to where as long as we get $2.5 billion more revenues, more or less we start making some money and if you adjust the FVA charge which is the one-time charge they made somewhere around $300 million this quarter to give you a sense. So it’s the worst quarter $300 million and best quarter runs over 1 billion and that largely is really marginally profitable where you see the revenues go from the high 2 billion to the 3 billion level to the 4 billion, most of that comes through with the compensation of 19% 20% or something like that. So there is elasticity base, you get the lower level start to hit the floor on the fixed cost structure.
Brian Moynihan: Now one of the things you got to be careful, they reflect this all these charge that we talk about and pushed out all the businesses, so there is some elements that really aren’t the businesses control for a lack of a better term. And then secondly you’re still seeing as we move from a period where reserve releases were going along the business level you’re seeing provision changes across the board to have it. But by enlarge if you look at the fees and address expenses which is two things they control the most you see a pretty good relationship going on and pretty good stability and I’d say if you look across the businesses, the consumer bank continues to make good progress on sales capabilities and if actual sales look at some of the later pages you can see it, I said wealth management, we got to make sure the expenses in the revenues stay on line there we talked about that last quarter and John Thiel and team specially at Merrill Lynch are doing good job getting after that and innovating I think you’ve seen a pretty good relationship if you back out sort of the fundamental impacts of FAS 91 and the provision things like that which says those adjustments we make at the top of the house and push through.
Brian Moynihan: Mike we’ve piece of that obviously credit cost you got to think about in terms of if you look back look at the higher revenue levels at the time, the charge off run rate was $2 billion to $3 billion a quarter and one quarter was 10 billion approximately for cards especially so be careful about that but I’d say your point really is what you do from now forward and we see that’s we talked about in core expense space we decide the LAS litigation all that stuff it is just the core expense space basically what we continue to do is to take out non-productive expenses and the best part of that back in the franchise and bringing part of that to the ability to that core line continue to move that and that’s down. Remember that when we’re doing this we’re absorbing housing cost increases, wage and salary increases, incentive comp increases so we’re heavily focused on maintaining a rational balance between the core revenue and the core expense dynamic going forward and so you should expect to assume that to the continuous program looking at this, this is continued simplifier company could being take out divestures of the cost of the crises and as we have downsized the company takeout the overhead that was hard to shakeout as you’re all aware so we’re laser focused on so I think on the other hand we continue to investment sales capacity and you see that reflecting thing like card sales and home equity sales and auto loan sales, direct auto loans sales are increased.
Brian Moynihan: No, remember we absorb if you think 50% of our cost being people cost and you think of inflationary level of cost increase of the 3% on this. Basically a key cost down and flattish, you got to work your tail off and whether and that’s a sort of process going forward we’ve to drop a cost down again to the reasonable level, we’ll continue to make improvement relative to revenues and the rules get different we’ll then have to revisit it but right now in this revenue environment, the slow growth environment we can keep the cost while as revenue start to rise.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, you don’t get specific projections but our goal is to continue to take [indiscernible] level this quarter and driving forward and our view is that based on everything we see as we see the impact of all the work we’re doing plus the rollover to cost base, the reduction of LAS cost, the litigation falling back to kinds of level you saw this quarter you do see this move towards that those long term goals of 1% ROA and 12% return of ample common equity.
Brian Moynihan: We take additional action expenses every afternoon. In other words we had 4,000 reductions FVA in the fourth quarter of 2014 Mike that was a core franchise to keep getting efficient. So, we work on expenses every day, and we’ve teams of people working to do all things that you expect us to do.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, Nancy, sorry if we confused you let’s talk about the production of new cards unit, that’s the one 1.84 million to look at Page 19 you can see it building from the fourth quarter '12 830 million, 830,000 so the first is production of units and the second was balances, balances in card disrupt in the fourth quarter almost $3 billion net to $3 billion that we got to careful because Christmas people even spend on borrowing and it pay down. So the point there is that will seasonal how to -- but if you look back in prior quarters we’ve seen a stability in our card balances which is continues on more units the people continue to use the card we don’t expect the positive growth there. But its units 1.2 million balance is good 2.5 billion to 3 billion and the balance is [indiscernible] seasonality unit then above 1 million new production units each quarter of the last several quarters.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, in fact that is our core card offering. We’ve simplified our offering to three or four core products and that’s the biggest one and it’s contributing to sort of card income being up year-over-year by about 7% and so it’s card selling well and the good news is we see is 67% came through basically our web online sales process and our branch sales process in the core customer so we continue to drive that.
Brian Moynihan: I think we’re through all the questions. So thank you very much for joining us and we’ll look forward to speak in next quarter.
Bruce Thompson: The other thing Betsy is that it has been in January if HSN starts moving and the amount of applications coming in have fairly started the upward move due to this last refi so, as those things close through we’d expect to see some pick up in production this quarter from the refi.
Bruce Thompson: Sure, that’s a good question John, there are a couple of things, the first is if you look at the quarter I think we did a good job with respect to the overall debt footprint which was down $7 billion which helped us out a little bit. Secondly, if you look at we were able to get another basis point out on the deposit front and throughout the quarter we saw some loan growth that was a little bit better than what we would have seen when we spoke to you during the quarter. The other thing that we did see during the quarter is we were able to invest and get some of the investments in the portfolio and I believe it was a mid-November when rates did back up and as we go forward we do have liquidity to invest in the second and third months of the quarter and we’ll be prudent with how we invest it relative to OCI risk. The other thing I would say just before we leave this John that I should have referenced with Betsy’s point is that, it’s easy to focus on the FAS 91 because we resetting the amortization of premium, and the other thing you need to realize is that we did see in the quarter is with the rate movement up while you do have a negative on FAS 91 you’ve got a significant positive from a capital perspective where OCI in the quarter from the rate movement was north of $3 billion.
Bruce Thompson: Well I think as I said in my comments the 104 you really need to start out at about 102 because you’ve got two less days during the quarter. And I’d say that there is a little bit of headwind to hold that on a core basis and we’re obviously doing everything we can to keep it as close to 102 as we can, realizing that we’re not going to take outsized OCI risk.
Bruce Thompson: I think as we look out and we look at the plans and actions along with the progress that we’ve made on the 60 plus day delinquency I think broadly speaking as you know this number can bounce around a little bit but we’d look to have the LAS expenses down to the $800 million type area by the end of the year and we’re obviously working through plans as we look out to 2016 to continue to drive that number south of 800 million as we go forward.
Bruce Thompson: No, not at all, just to go back to the core premise that we talk about which is that the banking and markets businesses are run as an integrated business and a lot of the activity that we see within the markets area is in market making and other things that are done off of the new issue platform from an underwriting perspective and I think what we saw during the quarter particularly in December was that there was a significant slowdown as we saw overall volatility in the markets from both a new issue, as well as a secondary market perspective that flow through but there were not any, if you look here there were no losses or particular pain points within the global markets piece of the equation during the quarter.
Bruce Thompson: Well, I think this is a customer profitability exercise. As we look at driving the franchise Tom and Syed Mateen have done a good job repositioning the equities business. We had the constrain of prime brokerage a bit due to size, because of the flow of balance sheet return as you’d be aware of, but importantly it’s the customer profitability we are looking for customers who will use this with multiple products and services what is fixed income equities all that there is a fixed income and so as we take this cash resource which is the GAAP balance sheet and the RWA balance sheet and allocate it across customers we’ve got extra rate returns and this was the natural question.
Bruce Thompson: No it’s all pretty much through it right now and as you look at the revenue sort of quarter-to-quarter run plus or minus $1 billion and Syed Mateen has done a good job of increasing the yields from the other clients at the same time. So that I would, absent market forces are just I wouldn’t expect that much an effect.
Bruce Thompson: Well we have got several and in there and so there is all the servicing expense in the company is in that unit well good loans and bad loans, so it doesn’t go to zero but it’s got to get a lot better at this. If you start to move on to 4 million or so units we have in first mortgage servicing and think about the annualized cost we have got to get us down significantly may be servicing and mortgages make sense to us and so, but that’s a project that we’re working against doing it the right way for the customer, doing it the right way for the regulatory environment and the consent orders and all the things that have gone on as you are aware and so we just got to keep feeling out a way. So when we say 800 or so that is the next way station on our train right here, but it’s got to go a lot further than that for the 3.5 million to 4 million the good units we have so to speak.
Bruce Thompson: Yes I think if you look at the a couple of things, the first is that from a margin perspective you had a little bit of headwind with NII being lower than what it was, but I would -- as you look at the support cost during the quarter I would think about is being about 200 basis points on the margin during the quarter that we saw.
Bruce Thompson: I think if we look at the amount of funded exposure across what we referred to as oil and gas, the amount of funded exposure which includes derivative exposure was roughly $23 billion at the end of the year. As you look at that 23 billion, I would think of it generally as 60% that’s directly reflected or affected by the price of oil, there are a lot of those that have not so you have got roughly $22 billion, $23 billion funded 60% directly affected by oil well north of 80% of that are investment grade borrowers and for those non-investment grade borrowers there are obviously secured facilities and in most cases have formulas upon which they can borrow based on the value of the assets that were secured by.
Bruce Thompson: Well I think on average the fundings are roughly 50% of what the commitments are, as it relates to the pulling back of commitments I think what I would point to and what our teams did a very good job with is we obviously have commitments in the originate to distribute piece which if we look at we ended the year I believe with two commitments of investment grade borrowers on an originate and distribute basis one of which has had a significant positive event from a financing perspective already this year, the others are single A credit that will get done in the second quarter and at outside of the investment grade originate to distribute. I think there was a couple 100 million dollars that still needed to get done. So you’re not pulling commitments from borrowers but as it relates to commitments that needed to be distributed the teams have done a very good job.
Bruce Thompson: We’re comfortable with the positions, you should assume as we’re making these commitments in environments where oil is higher, we’re continually running and stressing those portfolios to be comfortable with the commitments. And as Brian referenced to the extent that that were in a prolonged period, where these prices persist to the extent that there are cost that run through because of difficulties that a commercial or corporate borrower may have that as we look across the overall credit platform, you’d expect there to be offsets given what we’re seeing with consumers and other people that are benefiting from lower energy prices.
Bruce Thompson: Yes I think if you look at where we are from a TLAC perspective we’re generally in the 21% type area and embedded in that 21% type area is the fact that that structured note we’ve assumed for that purpose that we would not benefit from structured note funding and if we refinance out those structured note to pick up another 1% to 2% based on the current size of that footprint.
Bruce Thompson: No it’s gross up, that’s a gross up. So it’s a roughly 21 call it plus, another 1 to 2 for structured notes and then depending on the exact treatment of the buffers as we go through that number would be reduced by the buffers.
Bruce Thompson: I think what you didn’t see there as we go forward is that we look out into our forecast and models, we would expect there to continue to be strong deposit growth throughout 2015 and as we referenced before obviously the goal with that deposit growth is very much a focus to grow loans within our core customer segments. And as I referenced we saw that within the global banking space this quarter, we saw it within wealth management, we’re seeing pickups in overall mortgage activity. So I think you are likely to see the balance sheet creep up as deposits come in and as we look to grow loans, I just want to make sure though that we remind you that we will continue to see these discretionary portfolio that’s got whole loans in it that in this rate environment they will continue to repay, so you judge how we do on loan growth you need to look at the core businesses. As I said we would expect to start to see the balance sheet move up and at the same time we’re trying to get things that don’t have a return and our quarter what we do off but to your point I think we’re largely through that.
Bruce Thompson: Sure, we’re not going to provide an estimate but what I’d say is that as you look at overall capital levels, if you start with the numerator, as we project out and look at the earnings stream, we think that at least through '15 and possibly into the first part of '16 that on average you can have some quarterly bounces around based on timing and payments but that generally we should accrete capital over the course of at least four and up to six quarters largely based on the pre-tax earnings for the company as oppose to the after-tax earnings and that’s what you saw during the fourth quarter. The other thing numerator as I referenced that, there is if we were to snap a quarter today there would be OCI benefit from the downward movement in rates, as it relates to what we’re seeing under risk weighted asset side, I’d say generally we continue to benefit although it declines a little bit each period. We continue to benefit from the run off of some of the global markets position that would have been put on in the 2005 to 2008 time frame that they tended to have tenures of seven to 10 years. In addition to that as we continue to have payoffs and as we continue to move out some of the comfort consumer real estate assets and put higher quality real estate assets on that are better credit borrowers while the asset levels may stay comparable, you do have an RWA pick up from that as well.
Bruce Thompson: No I mean I think as you look forward I mean these tend to be I think outside of op-risk this quarter, we had roughly $30 billion of risk weighted asset benefit under the advanced approach roughly half of that was in the consumer book, half of that was in the wholesale books. I think you will continue to see benefits but I don’t think you’ll see the quarterly benefit of that magnitude on a go forward basis.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, the biggest thing you have in home equity this quarter is that I believe it was roughly $150 million that went through charge off that was related to the DOJ settlement so realize we have of 150 charge off, 150 of reserve so from a net P&L perspective it was a push but you did have that during the quarter and it’s the reason that we wanted to give you the core charge off number Q3 to Q4 because as we implement the DOJ settlement, you will see both charge off and reserve release come out in each of probably the first and second quarter then we should be largely through that.
Bruce Thompson: Answer the question slightly differently which is that, as we work through an interim process with our regulatory supervisors, we do believe at this point that from an op-risk perspective that we’re adjusted and the amount of op-risk RWA that we have now is consistent with what you would need to exit parallel run.
Bruce Thompson: We think with respect to op-risk RWA that we’re there we obviously need to get through those elements that are rest of parallel run but from an perspective we feel like we’re there.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, it’s interesting and we’ve to be a little bit careful I’d say as we looked at the backlog and the pipeline particularly from an M&A perspective that we feel very good about where the pipeline was at year-end, the part of the stronger year-end pipeline that we have the only tone of caution I would say is that we’ve obviously seen a little bit more volatility in both the fixed income and equity of new issue markets but it relate to the amount of business that we’re winning it’s getting queued up in the pipeline we feel very good about that it was a good backlog at year-end.
Bruce Thompson: I think the only thing that’s out there is that is as part of exiting parallel run we’re working through with our supervisors that the different wholesale and other credit models that you need to exit parallel run so we’re working through that but I think absent that you’re largely at the point of looking at and you’d expect that the RWA is going to largely follow the GAAP balance sheet. The one thing I think you all know this but where you could possible diverge from that is that there is pro cyclicality to the extent that you have volatility in the markets businesses as it relates to the stress bar calculations that go into the risk weighted asset but outside of that you’d directionally expect it to follow the GAAP balance sheet.
Bruce Thompson: I think you are probably going to largely see it in the zip code and probably be most correlated to the overall deposit balances and if you look at the range that we’ve been running at over the last 12 months it’s been in the 2.1 to 2.15, 2.175 type area and I’d expect that area or that range to hold for 2015. 
Bruce Thompson: Sure, I think if we go back and let’s start with the fact that we saw during the quarter that if we back out any impact of loan sales as well as the DOJ settlement charge-offs in the fourth quarter came down from $1.2 billion to just over $1 million I think as you look at charge-offs when you’re virtually zero from a commercial perspective it’s hard to see getting much better than that. I do think where we’re probably a little bit different is that as we continue to work through and we had another solid improvement of a $2 billion from an NPL perspective within the consumer real estate space that we continue to work through and reduce those tougher consumer real estate credits, but I think that if you look at this $1 billion charge-off type level that we’ve seen you’re probably -- probably areas where you’re going to see that flatten out and I think as we look forward there maybe a little bit reserve release on the first half of the year and you probably expect that to flatten out and go away as we get through 2015.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, it does that and the plus side is that you would have ability to push the numbers down faster the economy continues to improve and the market continues to improve and the opportunities for borrowers and time passes, frankly. The flip side of that though, is in the states that -- in the areas where the process is slow sort of boiling the beaker and what is left is in the really slow areas and so we’ve sort of caught up in the states where our progress goes through a reasonable fashion and we’re still have the laggards in places that the process is traditionally oriented. So I think you're absolutely right. There is a buyer that get better at it and get lower as it starts improving but against that you get to the some of the rocks they are hard to move because the process is so slow. Secondly if you remember we had, we took up on 58,000 employees in that business and there is a lag to getting the real estate cost out and letting of buildings and all the stuff we had that is still until we got to be little careful getting ahead ourselves I think will come down first facility then come out second and so we are working hard on that so you're right that once see the improve the phase-in improvement continues almost normally or even normally better than past, but there is something that where we get there in terms of that is much harder and then secondly there is like for the hard cost over and above people cost.
Bruce Thompson: We probably wondered the same thing this quarter. All we can say, if you go back, you are right there are two ways that you can do this that the first is the way that we do it which is you have the premium, you look at the average life of the premium in each quarter you reset it and basically retroactively make that adjustment from when it started and that was determination that we have made a number of years ago. But you're right, the other way that has allowed and provided for under GAAP is that you just basically adjust as you grow and take it through the P&L as you go and you can do it either of two ways and we obviously do it the way that we do.
Bruce Thompson: No, I think it goes the other way the reality is that we run through the P&L that amortization to catch up in effective way ended up being lower than when the premium was set on. So, I think the way that we do it is absolutely appropriate and keep in mind, the other thing and I reference in my earlier comment is that, as you do this from a balance sheet perspective you're always adjusting the valuation of your AFS securities to be the fair market value at the time that you publish your financials and obviously that flows through our CI.
Bruce Thompson: It will not result in a large portion of mortgages being moved. There may be a smaller amount or a percentage of it that we continue to evaluate because the one thing that we want to make sure that we do is to have the geography of the financial statements motivate the behavior of the people that serve the client base that they do. So there maybe possibly a relatively small amount of home equity loans that could travel into the consumer business, but it's not going to be anything that the storage things in many meaningful way.
Bruce Thompson: I think there is a couple of part to that. The first is I think if you look at overall risk levels that we ran within the global markets business and if you look at our information that we put out at year-end that even with the little bit of the pickup in volatility at year-end borrows it low levels and overall balance sheet levels where at low levels as we exited the year and I think with nine trading days into the quarter. So, I think it's a little bit early to forecast what you’d expect for the quarter for the overall sales and trading businesses. The only thing I would say is that clearly the activity levels that we’ve seen -- that have spend more way return to normal than what we experience in the month of December. But I wouldn’t want anyone to draw any conclusions -- nine days, through 62 trading days in a quarter.
Bruce Thompson: My recollection is there was roughly a third of that came from the sales of both servicing as well as the underlying loans themselves. And then in addition to that we saw continued improvement in net new 60 pluses and then we obviously worked others through the normal foreclosure process as well as for those borrowers that cared.
Bruce Thompson: It’s much too early to figure out what the lower price impact would have on mortgage, you’re actually seeing consumer spend the money they’re getting and you’re seeing the consumer credit quality stay strong that you project out a period of low prices. You would see a benefit on consumer side offset by the commercial side. So I am not sure Paul in the context 60 days bucket to impact old days. But because people that are going to [indiscernible] first mortgage portfolio they keep coming down and that’s the problem of long-term reduction.
Bruce Thompson: I’d say a couple of things and I think the first is that we’ve said that over the course of the couple of years that we need that wealth management margin to get to 30% I think you’ve got a couple of things going on right now, in the low rate environment that business has an artificial drag because as you know you don’t tend to payout compensation which is a significant portion of the expense to those things that are net interest income related. So we would expect we also have in 2016 some deferred comp and other programs running off. So as we go through over the course of the next couple of years between the business growing normalization of rate environment and some other things that should be a 30% type pre-tax margin business.
