Paul Donofrio: Sure. So, let me start with the premium amortization, if – I’m not going to give you any precise number, but if you think about the extra day we had from Q2 to Q3, the increase in premium amortization in the quarter more than offset that. In terms of, but going forward, unless long-end rates fall meaningfully from here, we wouldn’t expect that level of increase in premium amortization in Q4 even next year without significant increases – significant decrease among the rates. In terms of the outlook for 2020, obviously that’s going to be highly dependent on future Fed activity and on deposit pricing across the industry. We don’t think it’s really prudent right now to provide specific guidance at this point. You have our thoughts on. Well, I’m sure we’re going to be talking about Q4, and you have our thoughts on that from our prepared remarks. You’re also going to have our asset sensitivity disclosures. So, the only thing I would remind you is, when you think about Q1, we will have one less day of interest which impacts NII by about $80 million, but we’ll get that day back in the third quarter.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. I mean, I guess in terms of expenses, I would remind you that the accounting for BBAMs doesn’t change until, the JV actually ends in June, that’s the first point. And so when you get out to Q3 2020, we’ll begin reporting our share of the revenue and our share of the expenses versus today where we record that share as net earnings in the other income line under the equity accounting method, right. As we sit here today, given all we have to do between now and then, we’re not disclosing specifics, there’s a lot of work to do. And the bottom line impact is really not that impactful. As we get closer to, I think the actual dissolution, we’ll give you some more guidance.
Paul Donofrio: We’re working on our plans and we have a fair amount to do. But as you think about technology spend and incremental bill costs I would – that’s going to be prioritized within our normal $3 billion or plus a year that we’re investing.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So you’ll have our sensitivity disclosures in our normal filings. But when you look at them, you’re going to see that, over the next – but if the Fed were to cut rates by 25 basis points. And remember that disclosure is beyond the forward curve, which has three rate cuts in it, right? But if you look at that disclosure, you will see that full 100 basis points would equate to around $3.3 billion on the short end, you just divide by 16, and you’re going to get the impact on quarterly basis of about $200 million. But it’s going to be a little bit less of that, because again that forward curve includes three rate cuts and then you’re talking about 100 basis points on top of that. So you’d literally be – that forward curve is literally, I mean that sensitivity disclosure literally means should be at zero interest rates. And obviously the next rate cut, we’re not going to be at zero interest rates. So it’s not going to be the full $200 million when you do the math on that disclosure. In addition, as you point out or alluded to, that’s just our banking book. And if you include Global Markets, which is modestly liability sensitive that decline would be even further mitigated.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. It’s going to be less than $200 million and I’d even tell you it’s going to be meaningfully less than $200 million.
Paul Donofrio: Look, as you’re thinking about the second quarter to the third quarter, remember, we had one extra day. We had a second rate cut that came at the end of the quarter. So as we sit here today, we don’t have that extra day, you’ve got two rate cuts fully baked in that are going to affect asset yields. Plus, you’ve got in that forward curve, so everything we’re talking about here as soon as the forward curve. You’ve got another rate cut. I already told you that, I thought that the premium amort would not be as significant anywhere near as significant as it was second quarter and the third quarter. We’re going to have loan and deposit growth. We’re going to have – we’re going to, again, as Brian just said work hard on all the other levers we have like deposit pricing. And so you get to, I’m not giving you guidance I gave you, kind of how to think about it based upon those sensitivity disclosures. But that’s why it’s a little bit different going from 3Q to 4Q versus Q2 to 3Q.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, yes, you’re reading right. Market’s NII went up this quarter. And we’ve said that the markets business is liability sensitive. So it does help NII, if rates decline. I just would point out that we really manage that business looking at total sales and trading revenue not NII. And although the trading book is liability sensitive, it is really important to remember that client activity and product mix in Global Markets can vary quarter-over-quarter. And we’ll drive sort of income statement geography, which can produce an increase as you saw this quarter, NII or maybe reduced NII in another quarter, with the offset is going to be in trading account profits. So that’s why the real key here is to focus on the sales and trading disclosures as opposed to the mix between NII and trading account profits.
Paul Donofrio: I think we do feel good. And I think we feel that way, because we’ve seen how our teams are performing in a different interest rate environment. We’ve seen how teams and our clients by the way, have reacted to appropriate adjustments on deposit pricing, given the change in LIBOR. You got to remember all of our clients are getting a huge benefit and what their paying on their loans. So it’s appropriate to adjust deposit pricing. I think we’re obviously growing loans and deposits well. We’ve deepen relationships and we’ve improved our capability to service some of both the loan deposit side. So I think it’s just another quarter under our belt where rates were different. And we’ve seen how the teams have performed and we’re feeling good.
Paul Donofrio: The only thing I’ll add there is – I think you all know this, but if interest rates are lower than deposit rate paid is less important relative to all the other things people reasons why people invest with us or I should say deposit with us. So theoretically, you might see more deposit growth in a lower interest rate environment, because trust is more important. The deep relationship they have with us across preferred rewards and other things we do for them. We can be mobile. The online capability, the nationwide network of financial centers, our global GTS capabilities, those just all become more valuable to customers if rates are lower.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Look, we’ve been focused on profitability. We have been careful about growth as we’re growing. We’re adding 1 million new cards a year and again with the focus on profitability. So we’ve reduced we’ve sort of scale back on people we think are trying to game the system or just going after promotions. So that’s improving the profitability overall. I think you saw that in the RAM that you’re referencing, which is up year-over-year and that’s mostly being driven by NII. I mean NIM growth in the card.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Just ebbing and flowing on marketing and other areas, which will rebound investments we expect some of that to rebound in the fourth quarter.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Look on the specific point, there are opportunities to bring down debt. There is a little bit of opportunity there. Our TLAC ratios are probably little bit higher than we want them to be. But that was because we were adding a new bank in Dublin, adding a new broker dealer in Paris, and by the way, putting up our broker dealer here in the U.S for resolution planning. So we have a little bit of opportunity there. I wouldn’t make too much of a big deal about that. Basically our balance sheet is going to grow as we grow deposits with all that deposit growth going into loan growth, we still have the non-core portfolio running off a little bit. And whatever doesn’t go to loans is going to go into the securities portfolio.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. I think, we have – if you go back many quarters ago, we discussed -- our thought process is to tell our teammates to price to achieve sustainable deposit growth of 3% or more faster than the economy, which means you are in axiomatic point there as you’re gaining share at all times if economy is growing less. So, they’ve been doing that. We are staying very careful and disciplined. There were some adjustments made on the wealth management business. If you look back last year, we had some growth there that we slowed down because it was a little too tied to bidding too much rate. They changed that process, they flattened out, now they are growing again. On the commercial side, the changes of interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing and the fees for services and all that stuff, calculations change, but I’d say you should expect us to continue to grow at the rate we’re growing now or faster because frankly, we’ve been very disciplined about how we’ve been driving. It gets core checking accounts on the consumer side, core checking and savings accounts on the wealth management business, and obviously GTS business, and so I’d expect it to continue to grow maybe faster, 3%, 4%, and 5%, but the thing about that is – that is incredible amounts of new customers at very advantaged price and that we can put to work .
Brian Moynihan: I think one thing. Jim, just, as I said in my prepared remarks, there’s a lot of discussion when the Fed started raising rates, what would happen? And what I said back there was consumer increased their deposit balances by about $145 billion since the first Fed rate increase, and now there has been two decreases, right. So, think about that machine just churning out growth and growth and growth, 75% of that was checking balances. That’s the real encouraging part of the store in consumer. All time customer satisfaction, high in those businesses. All time employee satisfaction high. All time customer growth rates, high for 15 years or so, and you just take that and play it out, it’s pretty important.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, those are good questions. I think we are going to invest for long-term value of this company and our clients. And so, if this quarter we are sort of flattish on operating leverage, if we happen to go negative I’d argue, and that was the right thing to do based on everything we’re assessing at the time you do it. These quick changes in rates obviously have an impact that you then outgrow with the volumes coming in and producing the value. So, but that takes some compounding for the quarter. So, our attitude in talking to our investors is, if we’re gaining share and doing the right things, keep going. But the real key is back to your – sort of your second question, which is we are getting the benefits of sustained long-term investment, and the change the way this company operates that continues to push through. And so, three years – 2.5 years ago, we said we’d operate this year on $53 billion and change in expenses, and we hit that number and a lot of you had assumed a $57 billion or something like that. Next year, we told you, we’d be in a low $53 billion as again and we still are sticking to that. And so that’s – three, four years out, you’re saying how can you plan out with all the investments we’re making. That is because, we know we’re making investments at the same time they are taking out costs. The cloud journey for Bank of America is an interesting one. We started about really the new BAC framework for those of you, remember that, that came out of that into early days as simplified, improved. We had 200,000 plus servers, those server accounts now down to 70,000. The first decision we made was to actually create an internal cloud. Those servers were operating about 30%, 67 data centers, very much dedicated by line of business, by operational unit, by risk or whatever. We took all that away and build common architecture, so the lion share of applications run around 8,000 servers. We still have 70,000 servers, but those are more dedicated for very specific things and we’ll continue to work to take them down, we’re down to 23 data centers. Those who’ve been around the company, I don’t know, we took a $350 million charge a few years in the second quarter of 2017 to pay for part of this changeover. But in that time frame, we’ve reduced expenses by basically around 40%, for $2 billion a year on our backbone. And so at the same time if you looked on Pages 14 and 19 you can see just over the last couple of years the volume of transactions. So we’re up 86% in mobile logins, we’re up 39% in wire transactions and things like that. So what you’ve had is this scale effect that we’ve been able to internalize. In our provision these services from what we can get, and the external cloud is still 25%, 30% cheaper, which we expect to change honestly. And so we are working with potential providers to take the next step, which was discrete data centers and resources to internal cloud, save a ton of money, then use that power to actually negotiate with third parties to how they might help you and support you and that’s going on with Cathy Bessant and her team right now and Howard Boville runs this for us. But so far we’re still cheaper and so far we have to make sure that the external providers are safe sound lead the data just for us to use with our customers don’t make – people’s data, et cetera. And that discussion negotiation goes on, as we speak, but we will – we’re not – we don’t need to own the hardware, we just need to find out who can provide the right way.
Brian Moynihan: The last question I’d leave to people more expertise. But Mike in the spirit of constant improvement, I never give people a number that I’m satisfied and you should neither. In other words, if we think where you can – we’re at X for Howard and the team in this case or any of our businesses, you can improve it every day. And so that is the cultural change we made in this company and frankly the stability of having not had any acquisition activity since 2009 and any other inorganic movement. You can play any things out and execute. Some of these things take three to four years to get done. So you have to be patient, you have to be consistent. You have to keep allocating investment to them to cause a change to happen and be disciplined about the cost coming out the other side. But I’ll never tell people we’re done, because then they’d stop working at it.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. Glenn, let me start with a high level comment and then I’ll let Paul, because remember, many of you don’t know – don’t probably remember that Paul ran GTS for a while and had his part of this portfolio. But he can hit some of the details, but philosophically – we want to control our destiny to be able to provide this type of service to our clients in a much cleaner way and we had a great partner in FDR. And at some point that was good for what was going on in the world, then it’s changed. So we’re making a change. So, lot of the discussions on in terms of where we take this. The team is working with FDR closely to unwind the venture as per the contract, et cetera, but it’s been a good relationship, expect that to continue in various ways, but on the other hand, we had to get control of our destiny. The sales force of implementation. Paul, I want you to hit some of the pieces in terms of the numbers and sort of impact on expenses and things like that, revenue.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think, it will ebb and flow and you’ve seen it over the last, if you look that one page on the low end quarter. It shows you across 6% to 3% to 6% for commercial. So what we’ve been doing, that’s helping drive that, one of the major things we did is, I think if you calculate. We have four segments which go against commercial lending, the Small Business segment, and our consumer business. Business Banking segment, Global Commercial Banking segment, which most be called middle market and in our GCIB for large companies. If you look across those segments, especially in small business, and importantly in Business Banking and Global Commercial Banking, Ather Williams, who runs Business Banking and Alastair Borthwick, those guys have been investing in headcount and people and relationship manager and – precise number for each of them. But I think 25% more bankers today than there were three years ago, which gave us an opportunity to divide the portfolios of clients further. So people had less clients to get more depth of relationship and that’s why you see statistics about key products per relationship. And then secondly, with the capacity we added to get new relationships all consistent with our credit. So we often get asked you’re growing commercial loans. We’re not – we always ask ourselves, okay, we’re sticking to our credit standards and we’ve been able to do that. So I think it’s sustainable and mid-single digits, maybe 6% a little higher, maybe 5%, maybe 4%, maybe 6%, if economy is a 2%, but this taking market share, because of the deployment of the capabilities into the middle market and business banking franchise is along with some of the work that’s going on now with investment banking and others is a good place to be. And it’s a three or four year investment, it takes about three years to get a commercial banker coming into our franchise up to speed, honestly. And then on top of that, there is a fellow named Robert Schleusner who runs a group, the – who does the underwriting process for the whole enterprise behind all these businesses and we’ve invested tremendously in the technology and the support of that Group for their underwriting capabilities turnaround time all the things and that is allowing us to frankly have – we’re told the fastest turnaround time of the banks, large, small or bigger or smaller. And so, we feel, that we’re creating the kind of competitive advantage that this franchise has embedded.
Brian Moynihan: John, these things – I know, you guys would like us to round it out to six digit each time and give it to you for next years. But the reality is, we gave you an estimate for this quarter, last quarter, I mean, fourth quarter – the current quarter and we gave it to you last quarter. And in fact, there has been more rate cuts and we’re still holding the same guidance of $12 billion in change and stats shows you that we’re managing the heck to try to avoid some of these impacts and how we’d price deposits and better growth in deposits when you may have estimated that. So there’s a lot of estimation, but we’re trying to give is, dramatically as Paul has talked about it over time, but it’s – there is a – it’s not, it’s in precise, there’s just a lot of moving parts that frankly we’ve managed better than we thought we could.
Brian Moynihan: So, Betsy, let me take that. Because if you remember, right? I had that business when we introduced $0 commissions in 2006, so it’s not a new concept of Bank of America. And so, about 87% of the current commission – current trades are $0 in the area of that – in the Merrill Edge and the self-directed platform that’s been true forever. So this is not a change to our operating strategy, but we don’t focus on trying to drive a pure trading type of thing. We think about the relationship in the Merrill Edge and things like that. So if you look at the consumer investment assets on Page 13, you can see, they’re up $20 billion year-over-year. We’re driving a whole relationship into these managed portfolios that’s based on financial advice to that. Yet, we still have a very confident, capable, I guess some doubtful competition. We have a very strong platform that grows also but if $0 change won’t affect as much larger, because we frankly introduced it 13 years ago.
Brian Moynihan: That’s really not relevant here, because that’s in the wealth management business, where this stuff shows up is actually back in the consumer side, because Merrill Edge is in that area and that’s where the lion’s share of this is. So it’s not – that $700 million is. The financial advisory team under Andy selling things that closed end funds, mini bonds, stocks and a lot of other things. So if that – that’s under pressure for years. And as you will know and so that’s a constant change of fighting the average yield for the total client assets in that business, but that’s not affected by this decision.
Brian Moynihan: And you will see us push a little bit on some of the qualification for to open up this capability and another set of clients, but we only have 13% less to go, so.
Brian Moynihan: I think back to the – in the earlier discussion, that sort of general guidance we give our teams is you have to get us 3% in the current economic environment. We want to see 3% in core growth and deposits, and you have to then price to achieve that both. And then also at the same time achieve your goals on NII and things like that. So I think we try to be consistent. We value relationships. We focus on the core. On the commercial side the GTS relationships drive the economics in the business, as you well know. On the wealth management side, we’re driving not only the investment cash, but all the transactional cash and you have to think of those as two separate executions and putting teammates investing by putting teammates into the Merrill Lynch offices who can help the client associates and others who have always done a good job, doing better job of getting core checking relationships and mortgages and things like that, which will help. And then on a consumer side, obviously, it’s just the power of the brand and the franchise and digital competency. So but we don’t let people off the hook either way, and I – that’s said, we want them to grow, we want them to grow with the right kind of pricing that, somebody comes in and says I can grow by issuing a bunch of term CDs and premium price, we say that’s kind of interesting, but that doesn’t qualify for what we want. So and that then if you look at it by business you’re seeing, leave aside the movements as rates moved up and following you’re seeing as you stabilize and even come down little bit, you’re seeing able to, continue to grow and managing rate paid carefully.
Brian Moynihan: I think, yes, we expect to grow at a faster rate than our peers. That’s kind of axiomatic when you’re gaining the shares for this. But if you look at the – if you look at the slides on the deposits, you can see that growth in consumer drives the equation on the non-interest bearing and very low interest cost deposits. And we’re seeing there, Dean and the team have a good job of – they’ve gone from 6 basis points to 11 basis points. That’s due to mix. It’s – and as Paul said earlier, we are liability insensitive to some degree, because we have got the mix of deposits. And but you’ve got to remember on the $700 billion, 11 basis points, $700 million some a year of cost, there’s only so much leverage in there. So we say, just keep growing and grow in the right categories. Yes. They have CDs and the CDs grew year-over-year.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. I mean we have the operational excellence platform, which that only Tom Scribner had. Now he’s moved over to work on part of the operations group under Cathy. But Ann Walker has – she had simplified and improved. This is an ongoing program, which has literally every manager in the company that are couple of levels down from my team constantly working on coming up with the mapping of the process, improving our processes and asking for investment to help improve those processes. So there are areas where we’re very digitize and very, no paper and very electronic and you can think of that in some of consumer, there’s areas where we’re still just now getting the benefits of major investments. You may think about the underwriting area and commercial I talked about earlier that we’re now bringing the people the teammates onto the platform to drive it. And so all our platforms have major improvements available to – even though we’re very efficient and our efficiency ratio in each of the business units are industry-leading part from our scale and part from just the discipline of the teammates. So and we look at deployment of the relationship management town. Are we getting the calls and the clients from our visits and the productivity out of that? We’re looking at – we continue to work on a real estate configurations that were down 50 million square feet real estate from the start of 2010, and yet we don’t satisfy with ourselves in the occupancy rates. Can we push it up? Can we densify the space? The new building we’ve build, New York will be also this new modern style of work environment that allow us to make economic, higher rental costs. If – hence you look at every aspect of the company and continue to look at managers, we’re down 10,000 managers over the last three or four years that could continue to drift down as we continue to look at what a manager does and how we test that. We let attrition work for us and but not hiring and making sure when planning for on higher and we can drive it out. And so everybody wants to say, what’s the silver bullet, the answer is everywhere, there’s opportunities and we don’t know how far these goes with machine learning, our efficient dollars. These things you hear about are still in their infancy of being applied. And by the way, we spent $1.5 billion in data, work over the last five, six years. You’re largely around all the CCAR stuff, but ultimately in some of the work we are doing, but really to get all the data rates actually the parts and things that can operate are operating on good data and that investment then allows us to take advantage of it and we’re still in the early days, quotes that we invested in the markets business, so it’s from one side of the company, the other. And going to the earlier comment, what target do you have? The answer is, we don’t have a target except to improve every month, day, the day, month, week and quarter, and we’ll continue to do that.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. It’s – we have the pre-tax margin if you think about it, once you pay the talent team mates we have and the financial advisory platform and the private banking platform. You’re working on about half the revenue and we’re getting 30% of that – to the pre-tax line. So the idea is, you got to improve all directions, it’s not just expenses and its efficiency expense, simplification of product, especially for the – for the clients, with $500,000, $600,000 to continue to add straightforward products that are digitized on both the way they are delivered and the way they’re statement and everything. And then making the advisors able to handle more clients and that allows us get more efficiency, real estate configuration. There is a lot of papers still in this business just because the history of it, so they’re probably in the first inning of really, it’s a very digital business in some ways when you think about trades and how they go through, but it’s a very paper intensive business in other ways. The way we do AML, KYC refreshes – we’re going to recognize the team that took a several 100,000 hours out of, several 1,000 hours out of the work to do that, it’s just a 1,000 things. And so, but importantly also by driving the growth in loans and deposits and stuff that is less, creates more pre-tax profit margin frankly off the strength of the bank’s balance sheet in the size of our company and that gives us unique positioning. So we’re running the industry leading margins. And we know we can continue to push them up. It is a very slow thing and we – we don’t change the way we pay people. We really focus in on you’re working around and making our team mates ability. Have a great career make more money and sort of the clients better while we keep making the place, more efficient.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think it’s just – the third quarter was just a little bit of timing. We’re increasing our investment in people in financial centers, in marketing, but it’s not even throughout the whole year. So you got to think about the guidance we’ve given for the full year as opposed to just any given quarter.
Brian Moynihan: And Matt, that’s why, if you go back to that earlier page in the deck, why we should. If you think about the last couple of years, there’s always ebbing and flowing. But we’re showing that we’re kind of holding it here. And as you look over the next couple of years, we think we can hold it here, and then at some point, we’ll start growing. And we’re trying to grow the we’re trying to spend 3% more year but only grow the expense base 1% kind of long-term picture. We’re trying to take maybe 1% to 2% and with revenue growth of 3% to 4% in a normal environment that was great operating leverage and EPS growth, that’s the long-term view that we keep holding to. When interest rates move quickly in a quarter, those are things that deal with it, but over time, that’s what you’re trying to achieve. And so, you could take that is where the general operating principles we push our teams toward.
Brian Moynihan: And then you have the markets business, which also because of the financing activities and equities, not a lot of risk, but notional growth of balance sheet that you’ve seen.
Brian Moynihan: So, Gerard, you asked the question, Paul and I, and Geoff Greener, our Chief Risk Officer. And importantly, our Enterprise Risk Committee led by Frank Bramble, our Board of Directors. If we keep saying, how do we make sure that we’re sticking it through our knitting, so to speak, and you do that by you see all this goes industry – industry limits, country limits, leveraged underwriting limits. You pick just limit after limits house guidelines exception. So I think one of the things I think my peers and I would say is, with stress testing and other things you’re required to think of the worst of times in whole capital forward. So I think in the industry generally, that has had a good, a great impact in terms of us all thinking through the long-term impacts, but importantly, the data and the capabilities that we built starting 10, 12 years ago, are just tremendous. So when we asked the question, we can actually see in very discrete areas, whereas our exposure to this or that. The other thing and that’s important because then you can manage at that level. And team under Geoff has done a great job of sort of bringing that data to four and making sure we’re always watching all the different pieces. So, Mick Ankrom, who is in charge of credit risk of the company. I called him up after the Houston hurricanes, couple of years ago. I said, Mick what’s our exposure. So what zip code you want it for and which product, do you want it for? You want the card versus mortgage of people at both. In all – just as this is Saturday night or something like that, not to say he doesn’t have more fun things to do, but it’s. So I think that allows us to keep track of it, but it’s just all those limits and this granular limits. And then the intrusion of underwriting profit requires, really for any reasonably sized loan, a risk manager to specifically sign off along with a banker on the commercial side and consumer side, the parameters of the buy box of so-called, set by – with risk and joined there. And that’s, it’s kind of beaten in the system, it’s not something we – people argue about or think about. So, our real estate exposure is limited by limit that you, tomorrow presents and as ahead of the real estate exposure for the whole company and from the line side and supported by the team on the risk side. So it’s just 30 years I’ve been around this business you just see the granular – where we used to say, what do we have, the people have to run outlook. Now you have it. And then you can manage a lot more effectively on a go-forward basis.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think that Matthew Koder and the team have just realized, we had the capabilities of the franchise tools. We just needed to really drive the calling effort and he has done a great job of doing that. Alastair Borthwick and Matthew together have been working on building out this middle-market team, which is good. It’s not only just pure investment banking everything’s M&A or maybe debt capital markets. And also the exposure plays into a lot into the markets business, hedging fuel cost or hedging interest rate risk or currency risk. The average mid-sized U.S. company is engaging all over the world. And that’s a competitive advantage. Only a few of us have us to be able to deliver in. India for a mid-sized company, United States and help them, think through that or other places. So I think the team has done a good job there. We work very closely with a wealth management team in terms of referrals and coverage of the entrepreneurs segment thinking of a private bank or a financial advisor Merrill Lynch and their clients working with the commercial that we measure that we would goal it. Has to come sort of naturally by money motion of transactional activity but the awareness of the capabilities in the coverage is they’ve done a good job. And so we will always be susceptible of the biggest deals of that activity slows down. All of us have that issue, but that underlying middle market just a lot more companies 10,000, 5,000 companies that you can get out that there’s just a lot higher probability of one I’m doing something on a given day than the top 1,000 companies.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you very much for your time and attention. And thank you for attending our earnings call. I think the themes for this call, and you heard them in the Q&A in earlier presentations are the years of investments that the team has made and managed are paying off. We’re using loans. Our loan and deposit growth, above industry averages and above the market on a conservatively responsible growth basis continues to help offset the NII pressure due to rate changes which is – which all of you are focused on, it should be. We still continue to make sure we stay dedicated responsible growth to make sure that the credit risk and market risk we take on is consistent with how you expect us to manage it. And we continue to manage investments and expenses and run that sort of – do a brain size of saying we can grow our investments and we can also continue to manage our expenses carefully and relatively flat. And then on top of all that. Over the last few years, our ability to have sustainable predictable earnings in excess capital is coming back to you, along with 100% of the earnings at levels which are unprecedented among our peers. So that’s helping drive down the share count and help produce EPS growth that we need. So consistent with responsible growth and we look forward to seeing you next time.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I’m curious, now that you’ve taken a charge on the merchant servicing JV. I’m curious about the go forward. Like, can you talk a little bit about what is built, what do you want to build? Is there going to be an impact on expenses that we’ll see and how soon we’ll see progress and what we’d see. Just curious to learn more.
Glenn Schorr: Do you have a lot to build in terms of being able to service the clients and deliver everything that you want to deliver to them, everything that you’re doing now, I’m assuming your current partner is doing. So, I’m just curious how much of that you can do behind the scenes as you lead up to June 2020.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Brian, maybe one just high level. One on loan growth, I think, growing loans, core loan, 6% and a 2% world like you described would be considered great by most metrics, just curious if you think that’s sustainable, if we’re going to sustain this 2% world.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just could you remind us how to read those disclosures and think about the impact of another Fed cut from here? There are some differences to the 10-Q disclosure you mentioned prior, like it’s only the banking book, it’s relative to the forward curve, how should we needle that and think about what one rate cut, if we’re going to model that going forward.
John McDonald: Okay. So something I think you said maybe before $125 million to $175 million or something less than $200 million.
John McDonald: I totally get it. And that’s totally appreciated, Brian. Just with that, one more nitpick Paul, just from the third to the fourth quarter $12.3 billion this quarter. The pressure is that you have in the fourth is kind of the combination of the LIBOR. And then also the premium amort, is that why you could come down a little more than $200 million in the fourth quarter and again subject to all the caveats.
