Paul Donofrio: Sure. Let me – maybe the simplest way to sort of answer that question would be to take you back to 9/30, right, when the inter-sensitivity on the long end was $2.1 billion. We saw 75 basis point increase in long end rates since then, so 75 basis points times $2.1 billion is $1.6 billion. At that time, the short end sensitivity was $3.3 billion. We saw 25% of 1%, 25 basis points. So $3.3 billion times 25%, that’s another $600 million. So together, that’s $2.4 billion. As you can see, just in the changes in the interest sensitivity, you divided by 4, you get your $600 million. Again, I would emphasize that we see NII growing from there as we moved to ‘17 assuming again we have modest loan growth, modest deposit growth and a stable short-term and long-term interest rate environment.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Conceptually, we have captured the decline in sensitivity. We are going to capture the decline in sensitivity that you just experienced in our NII over the next 12 months and you can see that under the calculation I just did for you.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. The guidance includes the sale of the UK card business. But just to be clear, that’s not going to close until probably mid this year. And so that NII will be with us until it does – until it closes.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. So if you – again, if you go back to 9/30, I think we told you we were using deposit betas in our modeling on interest bearing deposits in the high 40s. And we said, hey, the first few rate hikes is going to be less. And the later rate hikes, it’s going to be more. And that’s kind of what we are experiencing. So if you kind of look at our deposit betas right now, you probably see it kind of inching into the 50s. It’s definitely moving up as we get more short-term rate hikes.
Paul Donofrio: Well, again I think – well, we will see what happens here, right. I mean we had a rate hike a year ago. And I think a number of people would have said that we would had a pass around I think there was a significant pass-through in the industry. We just had a rate hike in December and we are going to see how much capacity we actually have. From a modeling perspective, in that guidance I gave you, from a modeling perspective, the pass-through rate on the next 100 basis points would be in the 50s. And again, it would be the same story, less in the beginning, more at the end.
Paul Donofrio: And again, look, strong risk adjusted margins in that business is stable for us, above 9%. Charge-offs look great. And as Brian said, we are staying at the higher end of the market.
Paul Donofrio: Look, we feel – as you point out, look, we feel really great about that business. It is performing very well. We know – I would note the operating leverage we are getting, I would note our – as you said that our discipline on risk and the reduction of VAR. So we have no complaints. We have a diversified product set that has a global geographic footprint. We have scale in every major market around the world. And when you look at global banking and global markets together, I would argue that only three companies in the world can deliver what we can deliver for our clients and customers in every major market around the world. So, there is tremendous opportunity there. We are not going to look exactly like every competitor every quarter. We have often said that when things are great, we might not be as high, but when things aren’t so good, we are not going to be as low. So, we are not – we feel great about it, but – and we think there is lots of opportunity and we would expect continued performance in that business.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. We feel – look, we have made a lot of progress in CCAR. We have made – the progress we have really seen in the company – there is lots of technical things we have done to be much better on CCAR in terms of improving how we do it, involving everybody in the company, the qualitative aspects of it. I think from a quantitative standpoint, we have always looked like we have had enough capital. I think if you look at our stress losses relative to competitors, you can see responsible growth in – coming out in the Fed’s models, not our models. And so I think we feel really good quantitatively. I think we feel really good qualitatively. If you look at the stress capital buffer, that’s not going to impact capital for us, where we are probably – we would have to see how all the rules – this was a speech, so we don’t really know what all the rules are going to say. But my guess is we are – our stress capital buffer is below the minimum that would be required, so we feel like we are in a good position for CCAR ‘17. We don’t know what the scenarios yet. We don’t know what the rules are. So, there is a lot still changing, but we feel really good about the progress we have made, and certainly, our cushion from a quantitative standpoint.
Paul Donofrio: I don’t think you should anticipate any changes. We haven’t changed since rates started rising. We feel good about the way we are. We are very focused on hitting on our balance sheet. Deposits come in, that’s what really drives the size of the balance sheet, deposits come in, and the question is, within our risk framework, can we put those deposits to work with our customers and clients around the world? If we can, we put it to work within our risk framework. If we can’t, it goes into some other place, either cash or the investment portfolio. We are not really thinking – and we are always balancing liquidity, earnings and capital, but we are not really sitting there every quarter talking – figuring out what the most optimum duration is for us.
Paul Donofrio: Well, yes, but LCR isn’t just cash. I mean LCR includes highly – lots of different securities go into the LCR calculation. Betsy, to make it simple, when the excess of cash coming in over loan growth goes sort of half into mortgage backed securities and half into treasuries at this point. And we – the duration of what we do on treasuries will be a little bit based on where we think rates are going and stuff like that, but it’s driven – it just it goes in those two things because we have – once we fund the loan balance, that’s where it goes.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, sure. So as I think Brian mentioned, I mentioned, we took the G-SIB buffer down 50 basis points. It’s at 9.5%, again compared to 10.8% on a fully phased-in basis, so that’s 130 sort of basis points of sort of cushion at this point. We got there through things like reducing derivative notionals through risk less trade compressions. We got there by lowering Level 3 assets, as well as overall optimization as the rules became a little bit more clearer. So we have been working at this for some time. You have asked in other calls, I think other people will have asked, we haven’t really wanted to declare where we were, but now we got to the end of the year, this is one of the calculation really matters, so we thought it was important just to disclose that progress. I would also say that global markets, it’s going to be up and down in any given quarter. Ending balances in the third quarter were up. They were a little bit less in the end of the fourth quarter just on client activity.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So the hedging ineffectiveness was $168 million in the quarter and negative obviously. And in terms of the other – you termed the income line.
Paul Donofrio: So that last quarter, let me give you the sense. Last quarter, we had I think some – that line is going to bounce around a little bit, let me start with that. But the last quarter, we had some positive impacts in that line from loans related to our FBO portfolio. This quarter, it was negatively impacted by the UK PPI provision. That was $132 million and that’s non-tax deductible. So look, if you adjust for just two items, we would be around $300 million. And I would say that’s probably a good base for you to think about if you are modeling.
Paul Donofrio: So thank you, Mike for noticing the improvement because we feel really good about all the progress we have made. As you point out, earnings I mean are up year-over-year on a 15% and that’s on the very significant earning base of $18 billion. We need to get our capital down. We are returning more capital to shareholders. That’s going to help. We need to continue to grow. So we feel really good about the progress that we have made. Our return on assets metric is tracking in the right direction. Our return on tangible common equity metrics is tracking in the right direction. So we will just have to wait and see. I think we would get there even without a rate rise eventually, but certainly rate rise is going to help.
Paul Donofrio: Mike, a couple of things, one is, if you look across the last three quarters, the return on tangible common equity was 10.5%, 10.28%, 9.92%, so you have a fourth quarter seasonal decline in trading, so it’ll pick back up in the first quarter and we look forward to that going back up. And on the efficiency, we have told that – set the goal of $53 billion in expenses. And whether the rate increases, we will continue to drive that down. And if you look through the year-over-year, it was down from 70 into 66. In the last couple of quarters, have grown to sub-65, around 65 and it will continue to move from there.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. I think as you look at – think about that number, my focus on the active mobile users, because that’s going to be the interplay here. We have got – active mobile users are up 16% year-over-year. On a big base, we grew active mobile users more than we grew in 2015. And deposit transactions are now 19 – mobile deposit transactions are now 19% of all deposit transactions, that’s the equivalent of 880 financial centers, but – so that’s – on the one hand, that says maybe you can optimize a little more, but on the other hand, as I said in the lead in, we still have 1 million people, almost 1 million people coming to the branch everyday and they need that channel. They need it to transact some of them. But a lot of them come in for advise and we want them to do that. So, we need a certain footprint of financial centers. I think Brian alluded to the fact that we are adding financial centers all around the country in certain markets around the country. So, it’s going to ebb and flow.
Paul Donofrio: So we have got market share around 3.5% and we are originating in prime and super-prime with average FICO scores at 7.71 and debt to income ratio was at sort of all-time lows. And if you – and I know this isn’t necessarily completely responsive to your question, but credit statistics here are phenomenal. I think in the quarter, our net charge-off ratio was 19 basis points. So we are able to grow that and we did grow it in the quarter well and we are able to grow it within our risk tolerance. Now the fourth quarter was a great quarter or not, though I think we have all seen the numbers and we are expecting that growth to continue assuming a modestly improving economy, we are expecting that growth to continue in the first and second quarter I guess as guidance I would give you kind of auto growth in sort of mid to low single-digits. By the way, I have just been corrected here. Our net charge-off ratio in the fourth quarter was 35 basis points, not 19, but still well, well within our risk tolerance for that product.
Paul Donofrio: It presents a concern and you watch it carefully, but where we keep our business because how we view this business is it’s a very high credit quality business. It hasn’t affected us, as Paul just said, but we see it in the industry and it’s obviously a concern, but there is always some seasonality to those recoveries and those statistics reported, but overall, with our high FICOs are 7.70ish range, so it’s not really – it doesn’t really affect us.
Paul Donofrio: You have it right. Well, actually, the only thing I would add is the process itself in terms of the scenarios and things like that, but we have had plenty of cushion, so unless they change dramatically, you’ve got it right.
Paul Donofrio: Okay. Paul, just to think about that a second, that credit quality mortgages is so strong that frankly it’s not worth getting the guarantees and things like that, we have the liquidity to fund them and it’s obviously jumbos, but even on conforming, the credit quality of ours is at the top end and I think the charge-off ratio was 3 basis points in the fourth quarter. So economic, it’s better to keep them the pay for the guarantee.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, we are getting – it’s finished up and we are still working through the last part of the conversion, but it’s basically in-house.
Paul Donofrio: No, that’s good question, but it’s – we transferred servicing at the end of the quarter. When you transfer servicing, you have got to redo all the bill pay. And there is – that’s just the result of not getting all those bill pays done off the quarter. By now, we are probably 90% of the way through that problem. It’s just the timing issue.
Paul Donofrio: The other thing interesting, by the way, we are using a statistic I really like is we are using – we have digital appointments, so people come into the branch, but they don’t just on walk in. Now, they are coming in for an appointment that they have made with over their smartphones. So that really helps us from an efficiency standpoint as well if we can get people to do that it’s better for them, it’s better for us.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, sure. That’s – well, the earnings prep talk into ahead of our middle markets business, our DCB business and our small business banking. They are telling me that they are definitely seeing more interest from CEOs to have meetings. A lot of engagement around ‘17 and what the environment might be, things are feeling a lot more optimistic to those bankers. And it’s not just talk. Late in the quarter, we actually did see an increase in loan balances that was a little – I wouldn’t call it a spike, but there was definitely an acceleration late in the quarter in – particularly in middle market and to a lesser extent us in business banking.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. So we have $500 billion of operational is RWA. I think our closest competitor has $400 billion. And then I think Citi is probably at $300 billion something. So we were given more by the regulators based upon the history of the bank, the acquisitions we did, the losses that were historical. But as you know, we have exited a lot of those products. We – Bank of America never had a risk profile. It was more the companies that we acquired, so it’s a little bit arbitrary. There are models out there for calculating operational risk capital. Those models, there is lot of debate if you follow the Basel Committee process. So we are focused on trying to get that number down. But it’s going to take a little while and we are going to need more clarity from the regulators on how they want to calculate a company’s operational risk capital. But that’s something that would be very helpful to us if new models were approved that were a little bit more rational in terms of looking at historical losses versus the current operations of a company.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, I do. The total DTA, guys keep me honest here, but I think it will be $19 billion. But let me give you the number that kind of matters probably is what you are – if you are thinking about the future. I mean we are not here sitting predicting any tax change, but what really matters if there is to U.S. tax change in the U.S. is, I will use 2015. In 2015, we had over $20 billion of U.S. profits, pretax profits, that’s an important number. And then the other number that’s important is, at year end, our DTAs that would be re-priced if the tax rate changed equaled approximately $7 billion.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. John, so this morning and as part of our release, we announced that we got approval for de minimis of $1.8 billion, that’s the $2.5 billion we have for the first half of this year to bring the repurchased volume for – to $4.3 billion for the first half year. So we applied to that obviously in December and got the approval and our Board has approved it. Now it went out with the release this morning. In terms of next year, we will see what the scenarios are, the dollar caveats, but you are seen us constantly move our numbers up and we will continue to do that in our – our cushions and stuff are strong on the earnings, but the most important thing for us was kind of getting to make sure the earnings power of the company kept coming back and now with $17 billion earnings, we feel confident we will be able to push forward.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think the way to think about it, Glenn, overall, is that we are doing on a customer basis. So when we – Paul gave you the statistics earlier for the preferred rewards enrollments and things like that, we are driving – our priorities are to get our card used by our core customers and reward them for that, who have other deeper relationships with the company. And so in a broad sense, we are getting paid through the NII line as well as in the other relationships they had as well as the card income fee line that you see on deposit balances and other things plus obviously the card balances. We have been pleased that we now have gotten through all the sales when you think about this quarter versus last year. And so active accounts are moving up I think 2% or 3% or so year-over-year. The active accounts were up, which shows the strategy is working. So while we make that investment you are talking about and that is part of the competitive dynamics. We feel good about the balances growing. So, we are getting more NII from it. But importantly, with our customers, these are the best customers we have and so we are seeing their other aspects of relationship grow.
Brian Moynihan: I think if you look at the page, Glenn that showed the quarterly production in the consumer section there, you see that I think it was three quarters over the last three quarters all over $20 billion in home mortgage loans and home equity loans. Look, you wouldn’t know from the outside is during the last year, we have made a series of major changes in that business. We have consolidated the internal platform, so we have one group, a fellow named Steve Boland who does good job for us delivering the product across all the businesses, whether it’s U.S. Trust, Merrill Lynch or the consumer business. In addition, we have brought in the servicing from third-parties of our customers and we continue to do that. So even in the year, we have made tremendous transformations even saw $320 billion plus. And so our view – the team would tell me that the pipeline will be down, because refinances are down and therefore expect less, but I think my view is that they should be able to continue to grow market share frankly because of the capacity that they were able to develop this year given those changes and still produce well. That being said, it’s a rate sensitive product. So, we have told you, think about the mortgage banking income line as $300 odd million is a little higher this quarter just because some of the dynamics. So, it’s a relatively modest line, but the production will be strong.
Brian Moynihan: Well, Marty, we – so let’s start. We saw a $50-odd billion of deposit growth year-over-year. Consumer business was the lion’s share of that. To give you a sense, fourth quarter ‘15 to fourth quarter ‘16, checking balance in the consumer business grew 12%, so the growth is strong. And as you said, we expect to maintain pricing discipline in the company, not – obviously, those are non-interest bearing, but on the interest bearing side. So – and you have seen that so far as the first couple of – the first rate happened last year. In terms of deployment economy, we made $20 billion more loans, And we will continue to drive the economy and we can will invest in mortgage backed securities and things like that, so we are able to fund easily all the loan demand that we think is responsible to take on. And in the fourth quarter, we saw loan growth in our commercial business kicked up draws on lines, stayed at a high level. And loan growth in the middle market business was strong in the fourth quarter and we are looking forward for more of that in our small business. So you are exactly right, we are deploying the economy. There is not a lot of – they are growing faster than loans and we believe that we can price with discipline.
Brian Moynihan: Well, the ATMs are coming down, largely because as you reduce branches, there is one or two and then third-party ATMs in places that aren’t very efficient. So they will continue to wind down, so I wouldn’t necessarily focus on that as being a separate question and so we build them out. But if you think about the – on the branch, we are down. Through the year, we had 179 that closed, but we also renovated 205, put out 34 new ones. So we are continuing to invest, yet there is a steady downdraft in the total branch count. So I think we ended the year at 4,500, almost 4,579. So we will continue to work that count down. Again, based on how the customer flows go. These are critical to serve the customers and so we will end up as larger branches and smaller branches that are being folded in and we will continue to do that.
Brian Moynihan: Alright. But I think there is already – there is volatility this year around it just on the announced vote and things like that. Earlier in the year, that was one of the events that I referenced. The nice thing of the balance in this business when you think about it, so it’s balanced by product, it’s balanced by geography. So when one thing goes, there is something else that’s going well, we pick it up. So, I am not overly worried about – we have got to get Brexit right as our company and industry and everything and there is a lot of discussion about that. But in terms of the impact on the trading revenue on a given day, it will ebb and flow and we will get through it. But the good news is as the United States strengthens in the first part of the year, we have seen a good normal first quarter developing, and we have seen customer activity strong, all of which bodes well. So we will get through it.
Brian Moynihan: What I’d reflect on is that as you came from – through the summer into the fall through the election, you saw both on the consumer side and commercial side, you saw increasing optimism. On the consumer side, you saw a bit of an acceleration in spending coming into the fall. And so just if you think about the middle-market business, as I said earlier, the revolver utilization is on the high end of where it’s been the past several years at 40% plus in a – that group, which is our middle-market business, a commercial real estate business, etcetera, at about $4 billion with loans in quarter four, so all that really relates to greater business confidence. And so I think we feel very good where businesses stand and if you get the same reports in the small business side, so they are very – as I go out and visit these clients, they are very optimistic. They think policies will be supportive of growth in their businesses. And they are facing all the things that we face. Can they find the good employees? Can they find the final demand? But I think overall, the optimism is very strong. And we are seeing it translate into some loan balances. I think it’s still – will play out into early next year.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So, we balance sheet I think, to be precise, 78% this quarter. And we generally balance sheet all of the jumbos. So then the question is for conforming how much do we do, I don’t really have that in front of me. We are starting to do more conforming, but we are certainly not doing all of it, maybe a good guess would be around half.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. It’s still good and we still target that. And you are exactly right, rate increases will go to the bottom line.
Brian Moynihan: I wouldn’t. I don’t think we have specific guidance on that. Our market share – we are growing our deposits faster than market, therefore your market share is growing, where it’s coming from exactly. Nancy, just for a historical perspective, because you have been around this company as this industry for a long time, I had them check something, but from 2007 to today, effectively the deposit per branch have doubled. And the checking account numbers are basically flattish and up maybe 1% or something like that, so think about the dynamics in terms of profitability. So we feel very good about the growth in deposits year-over-year, 12% in checking and 10% overall, so it’s coming from somewhere, I just don’t know where exactly.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Let’s think about it. I think Paul said earlier that mobile sales are 20-odd – 20-ish percent, but that means 80% are not mobile therefore they are coming through other – call centers and branches, so it’s an integrated business system. And Thong and Dean and the team have done a great job of optimizing that. If you look at the chart and watch the cost per deposit, deposit continues to work its way down while there is growth and additional salespeople. So it’s coming. The year-over-year rise in mobile sales is actually faster, obviously, but it’s still only 20% of the contribution.
Brian Moynihan: I think Nancy, if you think about it, there are a couple of dimensions obviously. That dimension is well spoken about out there. You saw yesterday, I think the House passed a couple cost benefit analysis type requirements for the SEC and the commodity things, so I think there will be a body of work that will go on to sort of balance, let’s make sure we understand the pluses and minuses a lot of stuff. But the reality, if you think about our company, we have maintained – we invest a lot of talent and capabilities in people, in compliance and risk in ‘10, ‘11, ‘12 and it’s then relatively flat, but the company has shrunk around it, so it’s become a higher percentage, but it’s not – we are able to now start to optimize that, make it better. And so I think if we get that, that’s terrific, that will help us even do more potentially. But even if we don’t, there is optimization to come now. We kind of crested all the different things have gone on in the industry. So first, it was the work of just collecting the bad mortgage and stuff, but now you are optimizing more the way we manage risk in a systems environment and stuff like that, so I look forward – that’s what helps us to get confidence of the future path on costs overall.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you. Alright. So that was the last question. Let me close by closing up ‘16. We had 13% increase in net income for the year, 15% EPS. We had a good operating leverage, with 1% revenue growth and 5% expense growth. And we announced today that we increased our stock repurchase program another $1.8 billion. So that closes off a good year. As we look forward to 2017, we will just continue to do what we told you we are doing: focus responsible growth and we look forward to the benefits of a faster growing economy potentially and the increasing rates. So, thank you for your time and we forward to next time.
