Paul Donofrio: Okay. So in terms of just isolating in on a 24 basis points cut on the short end. I guess the crude approximation is the $3 billion impact over the 12 months of a 100 basis points down rate shock on the short end. The quarterly impact of that is a little more than $175 million. But it will be even less than that because that $3 billion is measured relative to the forward curve, which already includes rate cuts, plus that analysis is just on our banking book. If you include our markets book, which is modestly liability sensitive, you get to the approximately $100 million level that I discussed in the prepared remarks.In terms of 2020, look, I would say it's a little early to be talking about 2020. We don't know what rate cuts we're going to get. We don't know why we're going to get and which is important. So I think as we get a little closer we'll be more likely to be able to talk about that.
Paul Donofrio: I guess, I'll do the second one first. The answer is yes. I mean, we have $45 billion in the non-core portfolio. Of that $45 million half I would say is sort of legacy home equity and residential mortgages that will run off and/or depending on market conditions we may see some more sales. The other half is you know mortgages that are previous Treasurer or CFO bought many years ago, its – they're good mortgages. They're going to run-off as well. Together they're running off at about $2 billion a quarter. So yes, I mean, you can just do the math. It's becoming a smaller component of the overall picture.And as you point out, look, when you look at our LOBs they were up 4% year-over-year this quarter. And we are seeing I think good growth in small business. In fact I think we are the largest lender to small business companies in the U.S. now surpassing a competitor recently. We're seeing in middle market. This quarter we saw pickup in growth that really complemented the consistent growth that we've been seeing for many quarters now from large global corporations. I mean, we don't see anything on the horizon that suggest that we can continue to grow, kind of what we been telling you which kind of the low mid-single digits for the company from the business segments.
Paul Donofrio: I think you're close, but the one piece you're missing is that in addition to being modestly liability sensitive in the trading book. When you look at those disclosures about the impact of a 100 basis point shock on the down rate scenario on the short end, remember, that's below the forward curve.
Paul Donofrio: So you're looking -- you're literally talking about a scenario where short end rates would be shot down to 75 basis points and long end would be at one percentage point. So that 3 billion obviously, you know it get – you have more and more impact, but the lower and lower rates go. That first 20 basis points is not going to be 3 billion divided by the [Indiscernible].
Paul Donofrio: I don't think we're prepared to give too much guidance on how liability sensitive the trading book is, but when you put all the factors together you kind of get to roughly 100 basis points, I mean, 100 million on the first rate cut.
Paul Donofrio: And you know remember when I went through the script and talk about how that we'll still end up growing year-over-year 2019 versus 2018, you get a factor in loan and deposit growth. We've got the day coming in the quarter, so all those things impacted.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Look, I'm not sure what else I can add. I mean if you think about our clients, right, you've got GWIM clients, we've got Global Banking clients where if rate change, the pass-through rate on those clients are going to be roughly the same up or down, right. And you got consumer clients where because of the great job we've done on rate paid in the cycle, there just isn't lot of room on the downside, but if rates go up they probably be a little bit more pass-through. So that's the dynamic we're living with.On top of that you've got to factor in when long term interest rates go down, the quarter later or the month later you're going to see an impact. That doesn't continue forever. It's only an impact when the rates go down you get a lag effect on some increase in write-off of premium, and so that what's going on.
Paul Donofrio: So, you're right. I mean, our net charge-off were lower than a billion this quarter. But that's because we wrote back charge-offs we took earlier associated with the loans we sold this quarter. So to back that out its approximately $1 billion in net charge-off. And that number, if we think is a good number, approximately that number, it will bounce around because we're bouncing around the bottom on commercials to one commercial client or another can always move thing. But it’s been a billion now or up to a billion now for many, many, many quarters and if we see the – if we think – if the environment stays where it is that's where we think it’s going to be. And then provision will follow that.
Paul Donofrio: Well, we never really like to talk about plan stuff. But in terms of the preferred stack, we're going to end up roughly the same place where we started because we're just reducing the cost of that preferred stack by calling some higher yielding preferreds in place of lower-yielding preferreds. So in terms of the dividends in the first quarter and the third quarter, we're kind of approximately in the 440 range and in the second quarter and the fourth quarter we're kind of in the 240 range. That could fluctuate a little bit because it's based upon -- some of them are based upon floating rates. But on the other hand, some of those get forward after a while as well.
Paul Donofrio: Well, our CET1 ratio and our ratio right now is 9.5. And we don't know what the final rule's going to be yet. But if you look at the past four years and you run using those scenarios, CCAR scenarios, our SEB would be below the 2.5% floor in three of the last four years. And that's just a reflection of responsible growth and how we run the company. We've got loans to consumer that are prime and super-prime. We have very prudent trading, and we've got a legacy portfolio that's running off. So we're below, we've been below for three out of the last four years.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So again, the way to think about it, and I'll give you a little bit more detail, but just to get the concept down, we've got GWIM clients, we've got Global Banking clients that pass-through rate on an up-and-down scenario of roughly similar, and we've got a consumer franchise where we have not passed through a lot of rate increase in the former rate paid. That's obviously going to have a different sensitivity in the up scenario than in the down scenario. That's just the basics. So if you look at the pass-through rate and the down scenario an average we're talking approximately 40%, and again, consumer would be a lot lower, GWIM and Global Banking would be a lot higher kind of in that 60%, 65% range.
Paul Donofrio: Well, the asset sensitivity of the company, those disclosures that you read in the Q, that is in excess of the forward curve. What we were talking about earlier in this call, somebody asked about what were the next 25 basis points and we went through what we thought the impact of that was.
Paul Donofrio: But remember we're focused on prime and super prime. These are our customers. We feel good about the risk.
Paul Donofrio: That was not included in the external sales and trading numbers that we presented in the -- that I discussed today and we presented in the materials. It's in other income in global markets. So it's in the revenue but not in sales and trading.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. I mean, that is probably just reflects the mix shift that we've just been talking about in global banking, that's up. There wasn't a lot of increase other than maybe a little bit of exception pricing and consumer. GUM I think was relatively flat and in global banking, when you have a mix shift, you're going to see more deposits go in to the interest bearing, you going to see an increase in the overall deposit rate of company.
Brian Moynihan: Jim, I'd add one thing. Remember, if you think about the industry's thought process over the last three years basically as rates rose, that was one thought process and how people price deposits and other things, and as that changes you'll see a different thought process take hold at least in our company. And I think if you look at some of the statistics in the material on the – especially on the corporate GTS type business that the necessary increase for the highest balanced customers et cetera, that's occurred, will slow down and come back the other way and that frankly is just the nature of a change in the rate environment which the pricing is still catching up to. And so I think, so as you think about it, as you get out the longer term in 2020 you have to think about that situation sort of reversing back to a different framework than the framework we had literally 200 plus basis points of short-term rate increase.
Brian Moynihan: So just to start at end of your question working backwards,, we generated another million plus cards this quarter. We've been fairly consistent doing that. What has really happened in our card business over the last few years has been, they continue repositioning it, it's really over now and now you're starting to see it start to work its way up and grow just in terms of balances and numbers of cards and things like that.If you think about on the rewards question generally, remember that you mentioned it, Glenn, it's a relationship pricing piece. So our cards come with a relationship pricing across the whole relationship including deposit. So you could have $20,000 deposits from these customers and so you reward them with a card because that's the way you can do it, but you're actually getting the deposit. So, we'll keep working that. But if you look at the more recent quarterly trend you're going to see that you're seeing the impact decline. Although it still going to hit, but you're seeing that help fuel our deposit growth and checking deposits especially 6% year-over-year in consumer and that is a huge payback for the reward price.So, you'll see the dynamic continue. We haven't seen big breakage fees and that's not so volatile. It's kind of study. But the industry dynamics and how people are using rewards not only for the card activity but also more broadly as I don't expect to change, but in the Bank of America context we've been using it for the broadest part of the franchise and that's why you see the good growth in the other parts of the business.
Brian Moynihan: Couple of things. One, on just on the way the incentive system, works. Andy and the team going back two years ago now, basically added to a modifier for lack of a better term and the incentive compensation construct for requirement bonus. If you grew your households on the numbers and obviously inverse that if you did not, and that just led to the activity that you've seen in the pick up and Andy and team has done a good job.On the private banking side, we been adding sales teammates and Katie and the team have been driving that. It's been -- it's up dramatically year-over-year and that's critically important because that business profitability and inventory are much -- are even higher. And so it does come from modifying the system and also comes from the way we operate in the markets on a referral business that is in Paul's comments you heard that. There's a huge flow between the FSAs that operate the Merrill Edge platform at the branch to the financial advisors. So somebody comes in, has the amount of assets and desires financial advisors, we move them to the platform that happens a lot.And then off the business banking, small business banking, commercial franchise, the entrepreneurs behind those businesses referred over and you saw, I think 15,000, I think it was Paul's number towards Merrill and we track that in every market. We make sure that they get executed on the [capital] [ph] success rate, and that energy creates – it’s gold in every market every year and this year we will do 7 million referrals across all the businesses in the markets that we're doing. And so -- and then on the margin we move to 29. As you see NII type activities, as loans to deposits continue to grow, that margin will continue to grow.We're fighting the fee compression on the pure asset management business that you seen go on for years in this industry. But we have lots of advantage of scale and capabilities on the digitization of the operational side of that business and platforms and statements and things like that. We're getting to 50%, 60% digital statement in consumer. We're not anywhere near that in wealth management. And all that is not some snap your fingers and overnight it happens, but all the grind to make the business more efficient. So our industry-leading margin we think we can keep pushing it up.
Brian Moynihan: One of the things and I don't want to sound perspicacious in terms of people's use the big banks, don't do business with millennials, it just to set the tone, we put the 16 million to give you [in one sense] [ph], it's $400 billion of client balances with us. But if you look at our checking sales, Mike, and you look at the population representation millennials and the population, Gen Z and the population, you look above 18 years old and millennials about 24% and people between 18 to 24 is 11%. But if you look at the rate we sell to that class of our sales, to millennials its 40% of our sales. So it's basically one and a half times the rate and the population we're selling to.And if you look at their holding and balances today just pure checking, nothing -- not into savings or investment, the millennials hold about $70 billion of checking balance with us and its growing quickly. And so we are gaining share in that class. It's because of the digital capabilities and all the things we talked about. Are they profitable? All our consumers basically are profitable. They represent the big part of our business today. The representation is currently outstanding. Checking account is about 40% just for millennial. So, we're gaining the share in that segment. We got to be on our toes at all times and it's very valuable. If you think you like you've been around this business long time you think about just those checking balances alone provides tremendous value.Will they stay with us? The answer is they have in the past and we expect in the future as long as we keep driving the great experiences we have. And going back to the comments on the page 6 of the slide deck on consumer strategies, just look of the activity levels and those are generally would have a stronger cohort to younger below 40-year-old people. But on the other hand across the platform it wouldn't work. But if you look at it with Zelle, the activity volumes if you look at with Erica in the year, 50 million plus customer interactions and if you look at it in terms of digital interaction at 2.3 billion in the quarter, mobile log-ins 1.5 billion. This is as advanced stage as anybody and so we are very pleased with team's work in this area.And then if you go to Merrill Edge, if you look at the millennial balances, again, they represent twice the rate of the population and we're cumulating those balances which when we compare them with other competitors, 64% of our new clients are in the millennial categories for Merrill Edge and our preferred clients and things. So it's very good. We're driving it. But it’s a competency of the team's capabilities in those categories that drive it.
Brian Moynihan: Well, that goes back to your colleague question about the rewards and things like that. Our preferred base of customers in the consumer business is 99% plus retention rate. And so, they really all stay with this. And so, that's extremely powerful dynamic. So the assumption, I don't have, that top off my head that the team puts in our models and stuff like that, but if you're retaining 99%, it's a pretty long duration.
Brian Moynihan: I'd just add two thoughts to that. One is, Sharon runs our small business for us and the consumer business and Alastair Borthwick runs middle market. They got their team’s sort of moving along and as you said, growing at a consistent 5%, 6%, 7% depending on the product set. Type of what's real estate slower versus core middle market. And so we feel very good about that. Remember that the runoff pace and that All Other book has been has accelerated by the sales over the last few years and that was to reduce our potential credit risk and stress and you've seen that we've reflected including last year asking for the extra capital return based on selling a bunch of loans during the year which had higher charge-offs in the CCAR process as you might expect.And then secondly operating risk of the company comes way down because those loans would have a tendency and we sell them servicing release. So, we're getting to the bottom of the barrel, its now 4% of the -- 5% of the portfolio. It used to be 8%, 9% of the total portfolio and maybe 10%. So, we feel good about that impact really narrowing now. And the sales are largely -- we always chipping away. This quarter was a relatively modest balance, but the sales are largely through. The money and stuff we have now is actually 12 years current pay and the thought on these loans were made since the crisis. So we forget about that. And the last thing is think about in the Merrill side in terms of -- in the private banking side in terms of loan growth we're seeing solid performance there and the integration in middle market investment bank and we feel good.
Brian Moynihan: If you look at it we have maintained that pace. If you look at retail deposit growth since beginning of 2016 I think our gross of balances has grown about 20%. The peer groups grown about 12% and so that's significant difference. We've been pretty consistent growing 20 odd billion dollars in checking. That is the core transaction account. So if you look at the – what we're seeing now is the average balance in our checking accounts I think are $7.57 billion – seven point five thousand, seven and half thousand, seven point 7 some like that. 90% current, yet we're still in the last couple years starting to net accumulate. And so we feel good that we can keep that checking balance growth.It's not depending on rate pay because of the core transactional account. So even though there's some payments to either interest-bearing checking, the dominant part is non-interest-bearing and just the core transaction account. If you look in the money market and stuff and see the rate that's where the people get paid for the excess balance. But this is the money that's flowing through the household on a daily, weekly, monthly basis and then we feel very good about it and feel that we can continue it because we have and all the environments and all the rate changes.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. So just a quick review, year-over-year the market fees according to Dealogic were down I think 21%. Our reported fees were down only 4%. And if you look at Dealogic fees for us, maybe 11%, so clearly we've picked up at least in this quarter meaningful I would say market share. I think this is a result of all the things that we said we were going to do, not that we ever had a problem in investment banking, but we think we should be top three and there was a little bit of slippage there. And so we just reinvigorated the focus. We decided to add more bankers particularly to cover on the middle market.Remember, we have an army of corporate -- our commercial bankers out there. They have great relationships. They've been making loans to clients for years. And there's certainly opportunity when those companies need do something, need to use investment banking product for us to be there. We just needed to probably add a few more bankers dedicated to that segment. We've done that. We've got regional bankers now all around the U.S. We're going to be adding more. They're in the market with the commercial bankers. And that and I think just the reinvigoration from the leadership team across global corporate investment bank and commercial bank and business banking, I just think is having an effect.
Brian Moynihan: Just one thing to be precise, Paul said a couple of times that gets lost sometimes, and I'll let Paul get into the broader statement. When we disclosed 900 basis points shock down to 100 basis points across the curve that is on top of what the forward curve has in it. And so sometimes people get confused by that because they think its from the current rate and by stable rate environment we see today minus 100, its actually in the case of forward curve having the rest of the year two cuts and its 50 off and then another 100 off. And so that dynamic, Paul has mentioned twice that sort of make sure people don't get ahead of us. But Paul can take you through the broader factors. But just be careful that you're not making that miscalculation which we've seen other people. We're not saying you have, but other people have.
Brian Moynihan: Paul, just on that this quarter a couple of basis points of the compression due to the amortization in the premium which goes away next quarter if the tenure doesn't fall by 50 basis points again during the quarter, so and another basis points sort of seasonality. So, when Paul talk about some of these sort of spot issues early on, of that seven basis points, three of it is really just literally a quarterly effect that goes away. And that's where you think -- as you think about it and go back to all the factors, listed loan growth, deposit growth, deposit pricing, loan pricing. But then the twist in the market when things change instantaneously can have a quarter affect and go away next quarter as long as rates don't move the same velocity that they move this quarter. And those are – that's why that we are always careful about these estimates to make sure people understand the online basis.Now, one of your colleagues said earlier the clue of this is we've got to grow loans and deposits. We grew $70 billion in deposit year-over-year. We grew $30-odd billion in loans. The rest of the deposit is going to securities. That is the core business and that would drive the earnings power this company and average asset growing and that's we're up to. That will ultimately make NII grow. The question is the twist and turns along the way can be little different.
Brian Moynihan: So I think if you think about it over the last two years plus, I think we've ran around $13.1 billion, $13.2 billion, $13.3 billion in quarterly expenses. Except for one quarter, we had $13.8 billion, which was sort of the seasonality of a strong markets quarter plus. It was the first quarter with the FICA and stuff like that. So basically, we got this thing at a run rate. And so -- but you've got to remember, in 2019, that run rate has picked up. If you go back to when tax reform came through, we said we'd put $500 million more in the technology investment platform. A chunk of them ran through last year, and about $200 million or $300 million of it's run through this year. So that was increased expense. We said we did the share for success. We did over $1 billion in the 2 programs. There is a near-term cost to it and then there's an amortization of the deferred part, so there's stock. That's all in the P&L today. And then you have incentives, great rent and all the other stuff, the benefits. And with all that, we thought we'd be $53.2 billion, $53.3 billion this year.And Paul has told you basically to assume that we'd be closer to $53 billion with all that going on and all that extra investments. So if you go back to 2016 when we said we're running at $50 billion -- I don't know, [Indiscernible] whatever we were, we told you we'd be $53 billion, low $53 billion. Nobody believed us. We got here. We've invested a lot more and we still are running at $53 billion. That is the inherent ability of the New BAC, SIM operational excellence, org health, which not -- doesn't mean a lot to all of you, but the teammates listening will understand all that, that allows us to keep driving the relative efficiency of the company. And even in environment where the world just kind of -- so it goes on, you have 2% growth. We know there's more we can do.What we don't want you to do is to get ahead of us because, frankly, the investment year-over-year in marketing was $150 million last year, second quarter this quarter, additional in the quarter. That won't sustain at that kind of level, but it's part of driving that customer satisfaction delight scores through the roof, which then means those -- the millennial accumulation accounts of twice the rate of population, which then turns into customers, to Mike's point, of the future that the digital comp still allows us to serve more efficiency, which then drives down the efficiency ratio. That is the operating model.And so those investments pay back, and they all were down to our benefit. But that said, we're saying we gave you a flattish from 2018 to 2019 to 2020, and we're basically saying you don't push 2020 down in your models because we will see what happens. But right now, we think 2019 is going to come in a couple of hundred million under what we said, which just goes -- by the teammates here is good management. We didn't do anything. We didn't pull any lever. We just kept driving the basic efficiency of this platform through and we'll continue to do that.And if that comes in to be lower than the number we're talking about for '20 and we get there, it's going to go to you. But importantly, as we shouldn't change our investment strategy, our belief and our Board's belief and our shareholders' belief, frankly, is don't change your investment strategy because, right now, you're seeing the market share accumulations come that you wouldn't change to pick up expenses by $100 million in the quarter. $0.01 wouldn't make good, but the investments are long-term strategic drives that are happening. And just on the investment banking, adding 50 middle-market investment bankers and adding -- doubling that again over the next couple of years are paying us back.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We plan to use all and its spread equally over the quarters under the way the method works and sort of guidance they give you. So its spread evenly over the four quarters and yes, we plan to use 100% of it.
Brian Moynihan: And when you think about it, cards the number, right? And if you look at our live charge-off rate because sometimes growth -- we're basically consistent with our current charge-off rates, so the stable portfolio, stable credit. At the end of the day, it's 80%, 90% of all the activity, and you've seen that basically be fairly consistent. And this year is the lowest increase in card year-over-year since 2013. So that prime focused book, that primary customer account basis through the combined rewards is probably going to lead to a very, very strong customer base there.So we feel good about credit, and our view of the economy is it continues to move along in the low to mid-twos. That's what the research team has and then next year, around 2%. And given that, we would not see a change.
Brian Moynihan: So, the core loan growth is strong. The usage of lines is good. It's running near the high levels and stuff, so the activity is there. I'd say that, depending on the type of commercial customer, the more they're in the global trade international supply chain, whatever words, the more they have. China has slowed down. If that's 20% of the business, they're dealing with that. But they're all sanguine. They all feel good. They all would wish the discussions of trade would come to a resolution and reestablish their relationships and the flows because the fact of the current impact is one thing, the fact that the belief that there's future impact.So I'd say they're optimistic. They're struggling to get people because that's the thing we're lacking in the U.S. especially. They see their business plans not being as robust as they were in 2018, but still solid growth, but they continue to watch the headlines daily, trying to figure out if these situations are resolved. And I think there's pent-up enthusiasm if these situations start to fall in place that you'll hear more investment in business and things like that. On the other hand, there are -- the indications in our surveys about their confidence are basically more consistent where they were as they were coming up to the peaks they hit in 2018 right after tax reform, i.e., where they were in 2017. So they've kind of come down a little bit, but the levels are as high as anytime they've been, other than -- there's tremendous business enthusiasm came out of the year in 2017 and early 2018 between regulatory reform and tax. That has been mitigated by the trade discussions and uncertainty around them. But overall, they're solid. And I think they're sort of waiting for this to resolve and then they'll get back and they'll push back and accelerate again. Right now, they're staying within the speed limits to say that.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We've been consistent. It's been -- I think what I said is we elevated tax spend after tax savings and then we've been relatively consistent. One of the things I'd say that we're receiving a benefit as you think about that number, if you think about the combinations of money spent on Brexit, broker-dealer separation for resolution planning and a bunch of other initiatives like that, we can reposition that money more toward op ends over time and that's been good. And as we look forward to the next couple of years, a flat number would actually provide more pop, for lack of a better term, and our teammates are always happy to hear that.But these things are impacts that compound. And so I'll give you an example. If you look at digital mortgage, which the $3 billion were digitally originated this quarter of the 18, so it's growing. But it took us a year -- a little over a year to do the first $1 billion. It took us eight weeks to do the second $1 billion. It took us six weeks to do the third $1 billion. So what happens with these implementations is -- the technology investments made and then it ramps up. And what's really happening in digital mortgage, remember is it's actually saving us a lot of money in the origination process as well as be a good client experience.And so you take that or take Erica, which is now moved to several million customers, you can see 50 million interactions first year. But each month, it's growing. Business -- small businesses went out, and it's going at 50% a week type of numbers, even though we haven't told people it's out there and things like that.And so now growing $100 billion year-over-year. Checks written are coming down more effectively. All this really points to the compounding effect of that digitization. So that consistent investment renders benefits two, three, five years out, and that's what we're driving at. So we'll be consistent in our investment. There's only so much you can do. We do about 1 million lines of coding every weekend and conversion so to speak. And there's -- you've got to be careful you don't have a problem, and we've -- knock on wood.Cathy and the team have done a great job, and we haven't seen any issues that we've implemented tremendous new codes, so to speak over the course of years here. And so we are bound more by what we can get done and getting the benefits out of it than we are by money.
Brian Moynihan: We'll see the numbers not be as dramatic from the 6,100 to the 4,300 obviously, but it's a complete distribution system. So the ATMs have gone up from 16,000 up to, I think 18,000 or something number now. Rates have come down. The branches are completely different. They're bigger. They have more people in them. People go to them because of more complex needs, etcetera versus take the transaction side, take the check and deposit. So we're driving more co-location.But if you think about the real interesting news is, remember at the end of the day, we have the number one retail deposit share in the United States. We're growing faster than anybody else, but we're still not in several markets in the top 30 markets and that's what we're building out, whether it's Indianapolis, whether it's the Minneapolis, whether it's Denver, whether it's now Cincinnati, Columbus.And we are in Pittsburgh, and there's many other cities in the top 30 and top 50 that we have to figure out how we drive a configuration against them over the next piece of time here. So the actual branch count may have different elements than you would have thought going back to the constant down. But you see it drift down a little bit net, net, net because even in major cities, the consolidation of branches into bigger enterprises or co-location with Merrill teammates or Business Banking teammates or small business teammates and private banking teammates is part of the drive.So don't get so focused on that. What I would get focused on is actually the cost of operating the platform. And if you look at that year-over-year it fell by 4 basis points as a percent of deposits. That is phones. That is everything. And if you think about that, if you add that in the cost of deposit repaid, you're basically flat year-over-year and the total cost of goods sold for lack of a better term to produce this wonderful transaction franchise and consumer and further the loans franchise on top of it and the investment franchise on top of that. It is a powerful engine, but it's a combination of everything that we – that I just talked about not five less branches or four or less this.
Brian Moynihan: Great. And I think Paul’s statements earlier in the prepared remarks are exactly what you're saying, which is stable rates and follow the forward curve of rest of 2019 and he gave you – those that 2% to goes to 1% growth 2018 to 2019.
Brian Moynihan: Oh he did. We said that we you know as we watch what happens over the next few months, we can do better we'll have a better view of given you 2019 or 2020 excuse me. But you think of the run rate exiting 2019 at that level and you can add two more quarters to it, but loan growth, deposit growth, whether the cut comes, when it comes, those are all factors in there. So I think Paul said, we'll talk about that next quarter when we know a little bit more.
Brian Moynihan: We sell -- we basically sell the FHA, VA that and everything else that goes on a balance sheet, because frankly the risk in our mortgage portfolio isn't worth passing to someone to take the risk away from us. And so, that increase is just due to purely the origination platform basically went from $1 billion last year, second quarter to 18 this quarter, maybe nine last quarter year so. That all goes on and increases the growth rate. And then, we're not also in the aggregate sense, remember not selling as much of the portfolio in the current environment but, but we have not sold mortgages to the secondary market for years other than the FHA VA product.
Brian Moynihan: Remember, it really is a question of looking into different businesses, because consumers are checking growing growth 41 consecutive quarters, so that you know that you should expect the trends there to continue like we said earlier in the call were -- were the institutional business in the global banking business. As rates moved, you saw a movement, and then that movement will stabilize as rates stabilize or if they come down, you actually see the thing come back the other way a little bit. And if you look at the wealth manager’s sort of half way between, and you have to then think about the use of cash. Some as transactional, some as investment oriented are either trying to get a yield on it. And where people put money depends on that, and that becomes more exacerbated, more prevalent in the -- in the wealth wealthier part of the consumer client base, then in obviously institutional client base.So we do use it, when we make our estimates I think was a third party question. We estimate mix as deposits -- deposit growth by categories, by the growth by business line, and we think of all that. And all that's factored in into the question Paul, discussion Paul had with you. I don't want to be stubborn here, but you've got to remember that you back up and think about it $70 billion of deposit growth all a hugely advantaged cost to fund all the core customers is what we drive in this, in one part of our business here. That is a tremendous impact and half of it from the consumer side and then 20 billion in checking in our own, in our consumer deposits segment. These are massive growth engines that exceed the size of many institutions.
Brian Moynihan: We look at the long term Mike as you are well aware and going back to your earlier question. So, we always look at what the most efficient use of all the dynamics you talked about, but we we're not here to trade the balance sheet. We're here to let the customer activity come through it and then optimize that for the shareholder. But and so I, the AOCI came up this quarter. People always forget about that that's the offset to the NII debate with lower rates going forward as the current long term securities you have are worth more and we invest every quarter about half treasuries and half mortgage backs in those treasuries are now advantaged when from the last whatever period of time.And so -- so we don't try to say let's try to get a penny here as you said because at the end of day we're driving that long term value of the franchise. So I think the spirit of your question is you know you manage a company for the long term value, the answer is absolutely yes. And do we -- are we mindful of trying to optimize things on a given day, months, week, quarter? Yes. But the reality is that we always make the decision for long term value of the company. And the real solve here that you -- that you referenced is, our capital keeps growing even though we're returning a 100% of it and we have an excess for many of the constraints in the CCAR that is tens of billions of dollars, and we're going to turn part of that. That's driven by how we run the company for last decade not how we ran it this week. And we're getting the payback for that.
Brian Moynihan: We don't see any condition. If you think of the U.S. economy, it’s two thirds driven by the consumers, and if you think about the employment level, the job counts. You think about the wage growth. I mean you think about the wage growth in our firm, which exceeds the national averages by two and three times and a lot of my peers I talked to not only in our industry, outside it, wages paying their teammates are much higher their share in the benefits of their success. We do not see anything that says, the U.S. consumer and our business is spending 5% more plus than they did last year for the second quarter. It has grown first quarter second quarter. It is accelerating, and we're in a borrowing in good shape. We don't see anything consistent with a recession. What we can see is, is consistent with a 2% plus growth rate versus a 3% growth rate largely due to the impacts of some of the benefits of tax reform and other things running through the economy last year.And so we feel very, it’s very solid. And so yes, there is a slowdown but that slowdown was predicted by everybody and now you're seeing it evidenced, but you're actually seeing it pick up a little bit in the consumer side from first quarter, second quarter and we'll see how that plays out Mike.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you very much for your time and your interest in our company. We had a strong quarter of record earnings. We have continued to manage it the right way. Growing responsibly by driving customer growth, by managing the risk well, and by investing in the franchise on a sustainable basis. We’ll continue to do that. We're moderating environment is the question Mike just said, in terms of focused on, any end issue we see where we have to change the operating model. But we continue to deliver a good share of value and plan to push the capital back to you that come off this wonderful franchise that we have. Thank you.
