Bruce Thompson: I think if you look at and you saw the individual books, one of the most significant contributors to that reduction of $200 billion to $250 billion is actually something, over the last several quarters, that we've taken losses on. I think if you think about the structured credit trading book, that's not something where you see significant amounts of income on as well. So think -- the net of it is, while there is some income, there are also certain elements of that, that have been expensive. So we really don't see any material level of impact into the income statement from reducing that $200 billion to $250 billion.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. The -- I think as you look out, we obviously put out a 22 months to funding. I think it's important, even though the mortgage settlement is uncertain, that 22 months to funding reflects the payment of the $8.5 billion associated with the mortgage settlement. We don't know exactly when that happens, but we've assumed it will be within the funding window. What you haven't seen here is we -- in addition to taking down debt, we continued to aggressively reduce our short-term debt with the goal of driving our commercial paper balances to 0. And the last comment I would make there is that the reason the balances continue to remain as high as they are is we're pursuing liquidity to be able to pay off the balance of our TLGP debt at the end of June. And as you think about issuances, I would say that we'll continue to be opportunistic as it relates to getting the debt markets, and at the same time, we're being very aggressive in looking to generate liquidity through selling parent company assets.
Bruce Thompson: Sure. I think we would clearly expect -- and let me start with the net interest income. We would clearly expect net interest income, if not at the trough, to clearly be pretty close to that. On the NIM, there are 2 comments that I'd make. The first is the rates that we're seeing with respect to the corporate loans that we've made have not shown any material deterioration, so the yields that we're seeing on the asset side continue to hold up. What I do want to caution you to a little bit is, to the extent that we continue to generate the types of liquidity on the deposit side that we are, NIM will be affected to the extent that, that happens because we're not going to chase long-duration assets that have OCI risk, and we're not going to chase assets that we don't feel comfortable with the credit. So realize that, that margin may jump around a little bit, depending on exactly how strong our deposit growth is.
Bruce Thompson: I think that's fair. And once again, it's going to be a function of liquidity versus the assets that are available, but we're going to be very sensitive to both OCI risk and credit risk with respect to that.
Bruce Thompson: We don't have an exact number on that Betsy. What I would say is that in almost all cases, the Basel III number is going to be higher than the Basel I number but we don't have that exact number.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. There are some fundamental steps to that, Betsy, in terms of the -- think it's going from 1% to 2.5% to 3% in the optimization around model developments and way that works on the trading books. So it will not be as ratable as you may be by dividing it out, but it -- but the math works. It'll come in bigger chunks, I think, frankly over the next couple, 3 quarters as we get these models fully implemented and optimized.
Bruce Thompson: What I would say there, Betsy, is that, I think, as you all read about, this is something that's very fluid and continues to move around. What I would say is that I think everyone realizes it would be a good thing to get this wrapped up, so that people can move forward. There are obviously a lot of people that are involved with this that need to get to the same place. What I would say from a financial impact perspective, as we look out at and as we understand what's out there with -- kind of ask you to think about 1 or 2 things. The first is that during the second quarter, as we mentioned at the end of June, we did provide some litigations, litigation reserves, during the second quarter to be able to help address any cash-type penalties that would come out of that. And beyond that, we believe that we've got reserves that we can direct towards some of the settlements, and we just won't really know the exact amount of that until this is finalized and we see if everyone can get to a common place.
Bruce Thompson: Okay. If you look at the agreement, we did not get an IRS opinion before the deal was announced. The deal is obviously subject to that, and we have no reason to believe that we wouldn't get that opinion. As it relates to the reaction from holders, I think when we were on the call on the 29th -- this is obviously a unique structure. The types of challenges and the like that we've seen with -- that are out there were clearly expected by both the Gibbs & Bruns group, as well as ourselves. And the other thing that you've probably seen out there is the work that was done and released that the -- from the trustee and all of the experts that opined and spoke to the work that they've done. So I think -- the only thing that we'd say is that we obviously did a lot of work and had a lot of smart people around it. The investor group did the same, as did the trustee. There's a court date that's been set out there for November, and we'll continue to see how it progresses forward.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, and I would just add, Mike. I mean, a couple of things. We obviously continue to work with the rating agencies very closely. I think if you look out at S&P, you can see that we had them take a look at the broker-dealer, both Pierce, Fenner & Smith, as well as MLI, and they actually notched the broker-dealer up. So we felt good about that rating. And the other thing I'd say as it relates to access to capital, we obviously put the news of the settlement and released the guidance at the end of June, and we went out and raised $2.5 billion in the fixed-income markets at the beginning of July at attractive rates. So we're very sensitive with the rating agencies. We continue to work with them closely, and we continue to be opportunistic as it relates to accessing the markets.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. If you look out at -- in the supplement, we put some information out there. And you can see that the number that we have out there is $16.7 billion. As you think about that $16.7 billion realized, it's been reduced by roughly $1.1 billion due to hedges. Outside of that $16.7 billion that was reduced by $1.1 billion of hedges, we have additional protection that's not factored into that number, roughly $1.3 billion -- or excuse me, $1.7 billion of CVAs hedges and an additional $3 billion of single-named hedges that we've not reduced those numbers by. So we were active and early in getting after this exposure, starting in the first quarter of 2010. We've laid out the exposure with the caveats that I've just mentioned. And while we're very focused and vigilant in watching it and trying to think through what the spillover effects could be, as we sit here today, we feel very good about where the exposure is.
Bruce Thompson: Yes. I think what you have to think through as you think through the exposure, there's 3 different kinds of buckets of exposure that we have within the region. The first is the corporate loan book. And what I would say is that if you look at the corporate loan book, it is largely to large, multinational global-leading companies and to the extent that the amounts are above house guidelines, in many cases, like I said, we buy protection. So the corporate loan book, we feel very good about. If you look at the liquid-traded book, we only have one country where we have any meaningful level of sovereign exposure, and we have protection that largely offsets that. And then we have a securities book that's mark-to-market that we mark every day. So as we look at any meaningful level of losses from where we sit today, we just don't see it, and clearly, we don't see it wherever it lead to there being any kind of capital event.
Bruce Thompson: A couple of things. As I'd say -- if you think about the quarter and what we absorbed, it was obviously a fairly significant negative effect on hedge income, and we clearly would not expect that to happen again, given how flat the yield curve is as we look out there. The second thing that I would say is that we had some runoffs in the corporate book during the second quarter that we wouldn't expect to see again. So I think as we look at the number, absent some meaningful change in the rate environment, when we look at both the assets that we have, as well as the rates that are applied against them, I think that the -- we feel pretty good that we're pretty close to the trough as it relates to net interest income.
Bruce Thompson: I don't want to speculate if it comes back or it doesn't, but I think you know during the first quarter, we had some benefits from hedging. So the number bounces around, but I just want to reiterate that the reason it's there is because we're very sensitive to OCI risk and making sure that as we go out towards Basel III, that we don't have any negative effects from OCI.
Bruce Thompson: Yes, I think we can get back to you with the exact numbers. I believe, Ed, that there's a couple of things going on within the numbers. The first is that some of the hedges are directed towards that. So as we talked about some of the hedge income and the ineffectiveness, you'll see some of that there. The second thing is we looked out at and we've talked about we're extending within some of our repo books, extending the maturities on those repo books as we go forward. And the third thing is, and we can get you the exact number, is that during the second quarter, within the Markets business, is we borrow in Europe for dividend stocks. Given that the dividends in Europe are paid in the second quarter, the borrowing cost typically blips up a little bit in the second quarter for that. So we can get you the exact numbers, but I think those are the 3 things that would contribute to that number.
Bruce Thompson: I think if you think about the 3 things that I've given you, we are going to continue to extend repo. So that piece of it you'd expect. Clearly, with respect to the European stocks, that's a seasonal thing in the second quarter, as well as the hedging effectiveness. We would hope that those wouldn't continue. So I think, to answer your question, one, probably does; 2, don't.
Bruce Thompson: Start with the Commercial Real Estate. I think the -- given both the capital markets as the -- as well as the refinancing markets, I would say part of the real estate was planned and part of it, quite frankly, were assets that were either criticized or nonperformers coming off the books. So as we look at that Commercial Real Estate number, we obviously don't like to see loans going down at the same time that there was some stuff that you would have wanted to come off. And we feel very good about where the Commercial Real Estate portfolio is now and, quite frankly, are trying to figure out places to do more commercial real estate where it makes sense. With respect to the C&I portfolio within the Middle Market, that's about $37 billion of the overall Commercial Banking portfolio. And if you go back and look at that since the second quarter of last year, that portfolio is up about 10%, and that really is the core guts of the client base that we're very focused on within the Commercial Bank.
Brian Moynihan: And, John, that -- we've been consistent for several quarters, and we actually, the last couple of quarters, did better than we thought on our reported basis in the net interest income line. But we still stay consistent where we've been at the -- at troughs in the second quarter, third quarter this year, and then it ought to come out from there.
Brian Moynihan: Right. I think that the sense we get from the world regulatory community is that they've phased in, with the phase in, and put in purposely when it will be put and install. But importantly, I think -- what I think, John, we got a lot of people focused on was from here to 2012. And what I think Bruce was trying to add earlier is beyond '12, there's significant mitigation, both on the numerator and denominator side. So a lot of discussion about how you get from the 7% level to the 9.5% over that course of the 5, 6 years, people -- the pace at which you move in the first couple of years of that is high, because the amount of numerator improve when you get to the DTAs and other things. So what we try to do to today is to show you that. But I think -- we believe that we can get to the 7 -- 6½ -- 6.75% to 7%, we said, by year-end '12, continue to improve well beyond that. And that takes into account us continuing to make the great improvements and the optimization on both the RWA side and numerator. And so I -- everything we hear is that's consistent with where we need to go. The sheer amount of capital we have, if you just step back and think about it, and compare to where we were 12 months ago or 24 months ago is quite high, including both on the ratio side and raw dollars. So we continue to make improvements. It make us feel comfortable. And we got to continue to show you that bridge each quarter as we execute.
Brian Moynihan: Right. There'd be no numerator deductions. The way to think about it is that, each year, as the numerator's deductions are coming in over the pace beginning in '14 and beyond, we'll make numerator improvement before that. And so that's a fully front loaded as if it were 1/1/'19 number, this 6.75% and 7.5%.
Brian Moynihan: I think we all basically said if we show you that number, that shows you there's -- you don't have to wait for it to come in. And I think that's the -- the goal there is our peers have all been showing it to you, we've been showing it to you, so we'll continue to show that. But I think as we move through each period, the reported number will be much higher than that, and that's what you pointed out. So it's not a question of capital adequacy under any standard that we measure, because remember the standard at the end of '12 is 3.5%. So if you think about that in our context, you have $100 billion of capital more than the minimum. So it's not a question of capital adequacy. We're doing it to show you what the fully phased-in number is, so you could compare it against other people.
Brian Moynihan: No, it's more front-end loaded .It'll come a little quicker in the latter part of this year and early part of next year as the models get implemented, and then it'll slow down, just look around at what we're doing on the asset side.
Brian Moynihan: I wouldn't comment on litigation strategy at this point, Betsy. But I think Bruce gave you a sense of what we're trying to accomplish over there [ph].
Brian Moynihan: When we gave you those numbers, we had in it the mitigation, that Bruce described earlier on the risk-weighted assets. As far as an update, if you think about -- let's just use in the PPNR guidance that we gave you, if you look at what we did this quarter, at the time we told you out in more normalized environment, we'd be $45 billion to $50 billion, $30 billion from the core businesses and 15 from card, this quarter, we did about $14 billion plus from card, which leaves we needed to do obviously around $30 billion, $31 billion from the rest. We did about $20-odd billion from the rest of the businesses, leaves us about $8 billion short. If you think about how we make that up, there's really 2 major components. One is as we said at that day and, Paul, you're well familiar with, as rates rise, the benefits of the deposit franchise become a lot more lucrative, and then net interest margin will expand back out. That ought to be worth $3 billion, sort of annually. And then on the cost side, in the PPNR number that of $8.5 billion -- $8.7 billion this quarter is still the operating costs for all the mortgage legacy assets, which -- and also the elevated costs we're working on our New BAC project. The operating cost, as you saw on one of the slides Bruce has, is about $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion for Legacy Assets Servicing just this quarter. That will drop $1 billion plus a quarter easily, and then the rest of the cost will come through. So I think we could -- we'll still see that when you put that together, sort of $14 billion-ish, $14.5 billion on card, plus the need to get the $30 billion on the rest of it, to get to the level we talked about. But if you look at the shortfall, there's really 2 major components, getting it to work on the cost side and the net interest margin expansion when rates rise. And you put all it against that, then we're obviously projecting more normalize time at little better economy than the growth rates we're seeing now in the GDP. So we still feel comfortable with that guidance, and we still are working towards that and making all the preparations. The RWA optimization was factored into our thinking there, and the reality of that RWA optimization is it's along a bunch of assets that are not core to what we do as a company. And it's something like the structured credit trading book is not a business that we continue to do in a way that was done at the -- in the '07, '08 timeframe but takes till '13, '14, '15 for it to run off. So as you think about that, I think we're comfortable that -- we are comfortable with the projections that we gave then, and I just try to give you a little insights on the PPNR, for example, the $45 billion to $50 billion, how do we get back in that range.
Brian Moynihan: Well, yes. In the third quarter call, because we'll finish the work during the third quarter, we will have the work that's really on -- think of all the consumer businesses and all the centralized groups that we've done. And then in the third quarter, we start with the G1 Global Commercial Banking business and good GBAM business, and we split in half just because of the size of our company and the amount of work. So we will give you that in the third quarter. And we're deep into it now. We've been seeing all the ideas. We've had the steering committee meetings and going through it, and we're very confident, as I said earlier, that it'll provide great benefits to the company.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We obviously do. If you think about how we manage the money -- the company across the last several quarters, the environment we've managed into is to try to figure out how to keep the -- leave aside the quarterly expense or my company assessments or things which are more volatile that are hard to predict. But the core operating expenses, core headcount, we've been managing it to try to make sure as we deployed assets in places we wanted and we were taking them out of other areas to fund it, and so we've been running at about that level. I'd say that longer term, I hope your expectation -- our expectation is the economy will grow faster but the backdrop of this is a -- an economy growth moving towards trend over the next couple of years, not at trend tomorrow. So it's a modest growth environment that the economy keeps grinding along and grinding along and -- but doesn't improve dramatically in the short term, but improves over time.
Brian Moynihan: We -- the -- well, the question that Betsy had is what you have in asset sales and things like that. So I think in embedded in there are our estimates for ongoing costs of litigation and things, like normal run rate cost of what our earnings would be over the next quarter. So it's all in there, and when we factor that all, then we get to 6.75% to 7%. And I'd be careful about trying to pluck any piece out and say this piece is in, this piece is in, but it's -- we factored it all in, in terms of our expectations of when litigation costs will come or when asset sales, that Betsy talked about, will take place, if any, and how it'll affect it. So it's in our estimates, and we'll tell you that -- we'll give you a quarterly report on how we're improving them and the progress we're making.
Brian Moynihan: In the -- in earnings of franchise and things like that. And then what we're trying to be clear with you is from '12 out -- and I think because we had such focus on now through '12 because at the time - we spent a lot of time on this early this year was before the SIFI buffer, et cetera. So SIFI city buffer came in, but we want to make sure that you're seeing is the opportunities from '13, '14 and out, through numerator optimization and denominator work, that will help drive us to the next level. So from now to '12, it's -- it factors in all of the things you just -- we just talked about.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we've given you the improvements we've made in the capital. And even with the sizable $20 billion charge this quarter, that impacted 20 basis points. So our economic scenario is posted -- is out there. The scenario that we used to plan against this is the one you see out in the domain, which is modest growth, and we don't see anything in that. The challenges we have reserved -- the difference between now and a couple of years ago when people worried about deterioration in the economy, when employment obviously rose and think about the reserve levels we have, think about the improvements in the portfolios that we have made across that. So when -- there's lot of discussion about future home risk, there-- risk the charge-offs in -- our mortgage portfolios combined between home equity and first residential. $2.5 billion off that quarter is still an unacceptable level. But they're down from the peak even while housing prices actually have deteriorated from the time they peak, because the quality of the portfolios and the quality of borrowers in the portfolios is different than it was. So that gives us good step between reserves, the capital we built in the quality portfolios to hold us against economic times, which are going to bounce around, and that's what we've done. So you see this quarter, with a charge of $20 billion, we took a 20 basis point hit to ratios and plowed through it.
Brian Moynihan: But I think if you think about it more broadly, the -- what's been going on in the last many quarters that we've been trying to make sure people saw is that as you’ve ran off some high-yielding assets, which don't have a net profit contribution because the charge-off exceeded yield and that keeps running down, that was hurting us. And then what we -- and the offsets that were grinding down your debt cost and your deposit cost. The issue now is that the core loan growth is still -- is modest and even backing out the runoff portfolios, just because the economic activity is not that strong. So that is -- that helps and that we're seeing that activity be a little stronger than it was several quarters ago, but it's bumping along the deposits. So we continue to drive down deposit costs and OEM costs of debt by paying off the term debt, as someone mentioned earlier. So we'll be grinding at this. So the assumption is as we trough out here, it'll continue for a while. It's not going to leap right back up. So we want to make sure that you guys see it, but it's in line with what we've been predicting for 6 quarters, that this would be the place where we'd sort of see it bottom out. But long term, it'll -- we'll have to grind from here, on both the liability pricing side, the debt cost side and also, you grind out loan growth slowly but surely.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. I think -- usually, Durbin gets caught with all the other changes that have gone on, as opposed to any of them going back, what seems like a long time ago, to CARD Act and then Reg E and Durbin and all the pieces. So we're on the consumer business. So how do -- how are we mitigating the activity. If you look what we've been doing as the new account structure has now been rolled out in 3 states for new accounts and then now for all accounts and they're converting the account, that is all going very well. So we'd expect that conversion to take place during 2012. And what that does is institute some monthly fees and other ways customers can pay us, away from overdrafts or, frankly, devalue the interchange in Durbin. And so the pricing structure that is set, will be set -- is set and will be set to generate the activity. The good news is that -- reasonably good news is that where we ended up in Durbin is a place where we continue to drive debit usage. And as you can see from the statistics on the -- on the Card page, you can see the payments made through plastic, and our franchise continue to grow 5%, 6% a year. You take out the gas prices, it's 4% to 5% a year. Gas price contribute 1.5% to 2% of that. So we will continue to drive the usage of that, which continue to drive the revenue up from a level after the Durbin takes it away. So it's the account structure. It's the pricing within that monthly accounts. It's the charges that you've seen some of us put in across the last several months to make up for some of the fee loss. But the real benefits that come -- really as we convert the entire account base to new structure in '12 and into '13, and the benefits come in '13 after you're done with the conversions. And think about this, this is all 30 million checking holders going through a conversion or franchise, so it's a large conversion and will take place after we finished migrating the deposit platforms together. So it's going well. It's having intended outcome, both from a dollars and cents basis but also from a customer behaviors basis, and we'll continue to drive that. That all being said, the other way that we'll get paid is to have to maintain discipline deposit pricing, as short-term rates rise at some -- as the economy improves and that will be credit for us to do. You've seen our ability to continue to take down deposit pricing and grow deposits and the competitor for customer's deposit money won't be competitive until short-term rates rise quite a bit. And so if we maintain a deposit price, another way to make up for that cost.
Brian Moynihan: I'd say, Nancy, as you came through the -- from the end of last year and the first part of this year, you were seeing David Darnell would say the core Middle Market book, the customers were more -- were optimistic, and they were starting to grow a little bit. I think that sort of flattened out a little bit, so there's still some growth as we pointed out here. But if you look at the utilization rates and stuff, they've now stabilized. Again, they were at a low probably 31% or 32%. They're sort of in the 34.5% to 30% range. They would be in a 43% range in normalized times. Now people have excess cash, but I'd say that as we've gone through the year this year, I think that people who are less aggressive -- our clients are less aggressive in the core broad middle market spectrum than they were earlier this year, but the loan balances are holding in and growing slightly.
Brian Moynihan: Let me go to the second one first -- Nancy, because I think it kind of answers the first one in some respects. Leave aside the exact dollars and cents, but the way we see the Mortgage business and our company going forward is we have 50 million consumer households, 30 million have their core banking checking accounts with us, et cetera, our job is to provide mortgage products to not only our general customers in our Retail and Preferred segment, but also our both -- well, Global Wealth Management customers in a very strong, very focused and very -- in a very fair way. And that's what we're going to drive to and that's what you expect to see in our Mortgage business going forward. I think the idea of being in a stand-alone context, where we had a wholesale business, for example, a broker-driven business. We've gotten out of the -- reverse mortgage, we've gotten out of. We continue to shape our yield what the correspondent business looks like. But a -- the business that will be in, it will be a strong direct to consumer -- direct-to-retail, direct-to-the-consumer mortgage business, and that's where we're moving Barbara and the team and moving the business to. That actually fits into the capital demands of MSR and other things, as you could well figure out. So that's how we're going to run the business for the benefit of our customers, as if -- as the same way we're running all our business, making sure every ounce of our capital is used to support the core customer base and, frankly, to do the mortgage product very well for that customer base. When you back into the broader context, I think the homeownership discussion is a policy discussion I'd leave to policymakers. But as you look at our customers and listen to them and watch what they've gone through, I think that the people in the world, my children's age, are going to think differently about homeownership, in terms of the value of it and how it factors into their thinking, because of what they've seen going on around them. And I think that that's just the reality where we're in. Doesn't mean it's good or bad, it's just the reality. And I think with the population growth dynamics and things like that in the United States, I think that that's going to be the reality of a more sober society on this. And I think our jobs are to buy products into that and help people become homeowners, because it's ultimately something they may aspire to, but do it the right way.
Brian Moynihan: I'd say that -- I'd still say we're probably below normal right now in the minds of Tom and the team running it. The -- and so I think that you won't see what you saw, say, in the first quarter of last year and things like that. That was above -- way above normal. We tried to talk about -- we've talked about sort of $4.5 billion range that -- in total revenue, which includes this, plus the margin and other things. But -- so I think that that's -- I think we're still below the normal. The question is, unless you see the improvement back to normal, we will have to continue to work on the expense. And in fact, that's what Tom has been doing. If you look at our business, the headcount that he's had has been relatively flat. But -- we've done is deployed to -- in international space, for example -- obviously Asia being key component, where from a research side, we've got strong Asia-wide research ratings, Japan #1 rating, things like that. So we deployed resources there to help our teams, sales people to cover the clients. At the same time, the total deployed resources headcount has been flattish, and we've been taking it out of places where the opportunities aren't as big. So you ought to expect us to continue to manage the business that way. In the aggregate, this is a little below normal. If it doesn't get above normal, then the cost structure come down but -- and the comp structure is one of the quick ways to adjust it, but ultimately you got to keep factoring that in.
