Brian T. Moynihan: Hi. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported net income of $6.2 billion or $0.56 a share after preferred dividends. There were a lot of moving parts that impacted numbers, and we'll get to those through the discussion here. In addition, our earnings benefited from our own credit spreads widening. It related to fair -- positive fair value adjustments and DVA gains. Those items, Bruce will cover along with the other significant items in the rest of the presentation.  Our core revenues continued to be adversely impacted by a challenging environment, as low interest rates and the European debt crisis persist. It is especially evident in our fixed income trading results for the quarter.  As we think about the third quarter, I think of 3 core areas. One of the areas is the continuation of the master strategic repositioning of our franchise. Another of the areas is the core operating platforms progress that we made in the quarter in each line of business. And the third area is the focus on the slow economy, and its impact on how we're going to run the company going forward. So let's first talk about the first area, the strategic transformation of the company.  During the quarter, we made steady progress repositioning our business to focus on our core customers and clients. We finalized the reconfiguration of our Credit Card business that we began in 2009 to focus solely on U.S. core credit card customers, exiting non-U.S. portfolios such as Spain and Canada and now exited the U.K. We also sold off some of the financial institutions platforms in the United States which enabled competitors to offer cards to compete against us.  In our mortgage area, we've exited our correspondent, previously exited our wholesale channels, which when you put all together focuses solely on a direct-to-retail channel. This is a position which enables to serve our core customer base and do it on a basis consistent with driving our franchise. In addition to repositioning those businesses, we've taken all our consumer businesses from our core consumer business through our Wealth Management businesses and put them under our new co -- one of our co-CEOs, David Darnell, to drive those businesses on a customer and client-focus basis.  During the quarter, we also sold half our interest in CCB, lowered our private equity investment substantially and made further progress on noncore assets dispositions.  As we move from a strategic transformation of the company to the line of the business, we continue to see momentum in our core lines of businesses. We extended approximately $141 billion in credit for the third quarter. Our average deposits continue to grow. Our average commercial loans increased in all our regions, although our consumer loans are still declining mainly in the noncore areas. Our net checking accounts grew for the third consecutive quarter and attrition remains low.  We're seeing good progress with initiatives to grow through adding financial services advisers in our branches and Small Business Bankers in our broad consumer areas. We're seeing steady progress in our Wealth Management businesses, U.S. Trust and Merrill Lynch, where we continue to add advisors and push forward in these market leading areas.  We continue to see solid performance on our commercial and corporate lending businesses, including Global Commercial Banking and Global Corporate Investment Bank. In addition, we retained our second place position in investment banking and produced solid international customer growth in that area.  Our credit quality and delinquencies continue to improve, while reserve coverage remains at high levels.  As we think about the third area we're focused on, how to manage in a slow or long-term recovery, we're doing everything we can to continue repositioning the earnings of our company as we look forward. We continue to focus on driving growth in select areas, very select areas, but we're also focused on reducing expenses. Expenses remain elevated in large part due to nearly $2 billion in quarterly operating expenses at Legacy Asset Servicing. We hit our peak and headcount in July across the entire company, and are now managing down across all areas.  LAS is at its peak staffing level, showed more of that overall staffing reduction should come through the bottom line. Our New BAC efficiency initiative is making progress. During the quarter, we completed a Phase 1 evaluation and now we're implementing, and you'll see the results as we come through the fourth quarter. The Phase 2 evaluation begins this month, and it will bear strong fruit.  With that, let me turn it over to Bruce to go through the financials.
Brian T. Moynihan: Matt, just to back up, the ideas in Phase 1, I think 25%, 30% of them had technology aspects to them in order to be. So there's a significant amount of non-technology effort there, and we will prioritize the non-technology to move it forward because the technology not only cost money and we'll do it within the run rate we have now but, secondly, it also takes time. So we're working on the implementation schedule, but the numbers that we quoted will be the impacts that we'll achieve in the savings net of the current run rate and technology that we have today.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think, keep in broad strokes, that when we talk about, we were talking about an environment where that we all thought would happen over the next couple of years where we could get back to a normalized -- more normal Fed funds rate of 1.5%, 2% at least. You would see interest rate structure moves and that obviously still has a heavy impact on us and the Fed has made it clear, they're going to keep it there for a couple of years. And that the second element is in this quarter we're down because, as someone point out earlier, the trading business was down and that at the margin cost us a lot of PPNR. When you think about how we move forward, the key there now is going to be is revenues are going to be more subdued as to get more cost out and we've outlined what we're doing in the New BAC and other matters to get there. And I think you'll see that play out as we go quarter-by-quarter here. The other thing that you pointed out is the PPNR contribution, the Card business was obviously high in that math and we're selling part of that. The net profit of that is lower, but it will have an impact on the PPNR. So as we sort of go through this quarter, and get to look at it, we'll share with you an update on that probably in the first quarter of next year, along with the fourth quarter results. But think of the way we get there broadly as a more normalized interest rate environment for several billion dollars a year. The cost take out, just Legacy Asset Services being almost $2 billion a quarter now. And operating cost, not the charges or assessment, just pure operating costs. And that coming out and then the rest of the cost structure and then how that gets us there. Offsetting, we got Durbin still to come, and a few other things and then some of the divestitures.
Brian T. Moynihan: So you're correct, and part of that is that -- so Tom has began reducing headcount and we'll do that in advance of doing the work on Phase 2. So think about 2 aspects to it. One is sort of a, for lack of a better term, a capacity reduction that he's gone through now. And during the quarter, as we've already talked about, we reduced headcount in some of the trading and Investment Banking and areas generally around the world and in the U.S. He'll continue to make those moves as we move towards the Phase 2. The Phase 2 is it takes the work and change it, so the first reduction will occur before that, and Tom has made some of those changes and we'll continue to make them. But we agree with you the market is going to be and the economy is going to be such that the revenue is going to be below, and we're going to continue to take down the cost structure. Now one of the easy things in this business versus other businesses, so much of its variable comps which comes down easier but, ultimately, you have to reduce the heads and the infrastructure, and Tom is going through that right now.
Brian T. Moynihan: Well, I think if you think about the Consumer business, generally, the high-net worth businesses as we continue to grow, continue to grow advisors, continue to grow headcount, and when we come into the Consumer business, if you think about the 2 broad customer groups that we talked about, our retail customer group and our preferred customer group. And preferred customer group, we continue to add resources there. Preferred includes small business, so we've added financial services advisors to help capture the investment side opportunity. We've added more personal bankers. We've added more Small Business Bankers. And all that has generated significant revenue growth. On the retail business, it's more about optimizing the cost structure. And we've been, there, we've been taking action on the branches as we've shown you. I think this quarter another 25 or 30 branch reductions, the last quarter was 60. We continue to reduce that. So it's not small in terms of deposits and so on, in terms of the checking accounts, that keeps growing. But it's smaller in terms of infrastructure and cost structure, we're at 240-odd basis points of operating cost per deposit which we think leads the industry, and we'll continue to drive it down. So if you think about it from a core sort of checking Consumer business, optimizing the cost structure underneath the customers we have, and then growing in the areas that we can and with the investments and penetration of, then on the product side, the Cards and the Mortgages. Mortgages on a direct-to-retail basis is where we're going, those numbers are in the data, you can see how that will be. And then Card, absent the U.K., et cetera, is kind of at the stability level from the core U.S. book. Now we still have some run-off portfolios in there that were from before that we're running down, but from a core U.S. book, we're relatively stable, so it will sort of be that size. And that will give -- so that's sort of the 2 product sides of it.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think that we think that as you look at the customer base, when we look at the profile customers who have their entire banking relationship with us and those that don't, a lot of people can quantify, will qualify and do qualify not to pay the fees that we've been talking about because they have their whole relationship with us, or a large part of that relationship. So as you look at our sales process now, we're selling about 80% of primary checking -- what we call first checking or primary checking relationships, the core relationships. If a person deposits their paycheck, if a person carries their sort of nest egg, what they're saving on the run rate, all of that will help them qualify. So we're comfortable with the people having the relationship, being a card, a mortgage, and what they do to get out of the fee. The issue is when people split their relationship and use our convenience and our access and our 18,000 ATMs and our no foreign ATM fees and our online banking product and all that, and yet have their relationship elsewhere, that is tough for us to afford to provide, and we need to provide to all our customers to be competitive. And so the fees are to get people to bring more relationships that we're comfortable with that we'll end up in a good dynamic there.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think we continue to follow the capital plan, Nancy, and we're doing the work. And I think with the -- we will have to make sure that we continue to make the progress in the next several quarters, including with the -- the economy not being what anybody would have thought of 3 or 4 quarters ago. So we are in progress. We're off making progress in the capital plan, and we'll continue to do that. And as soon as we know something, we'll tell you.
Bruce R. Thompson: It's really not much at all. If you look at what's in the investment bank, it's flattish. So it's really the 2 items that I highlighted, Glenn.
Bruce R. Thompson: Sure. I think if we start with the MBIA case. You obviously have read what we've read, that there were presentations made, I guess, it's been several weeks now, and we continue to wait for and get feedback on that. I think one of the important things that we need to mention as we think about MBIA, this is obviously the case that they're bringing in and talking to us about reps and warrants. And as you look within our numbers, you can see that there are significant counterparty that we believe at this point owe us a fair bit of money and we've marked -- that's marked pretty heavily within our books. As you think about the Attorney General-DOJ settlement, which you've seen, obviously, there continues to be a lot of noise and a lot of discussions on that. But there's really not much new to report from our perspective on that. And then as you think about the mortgage putbacks, I guess, quiet is a relative term but I think obviously, the big piece and what everyone is still waiting to hear back, is to some of the different presentations and objections that have been made on the Gibbs & Bruns case. And I'd say at this point, you know as much as we do on that front as well.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes, I think if you look at our numbers and the claims, you're really not seeing anything from FHA materially reflected in those claims. And you continue to -- obviously, you see some of the same noise about some of the discussions on FHA putbacks. But it's not something that's been material within the numbers we've shown.
Bruce R. Thompson: Why don't we get back to you with that exact number. I think, clearly, a chunk of it starts in the 2013, 2014 timeframe, but why don't we get back to you [indiscernible].
Bruce R. Thompson: We would clearly, with the assumptions that you just gave, we would expect the net interest income to migrate back towards the second quarter level, that's correct.
Bruce R. Thompson: That's correct. And we obviously, as I talked about in the funding and liquidity, continue to reduce the debt footprint that we have which provides us a benefit as well.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes, I think, let me put that in 2 different buckets. The first is from the technology perspective. We're continuing to work through that. But clearly, the goal and what we're trying to do is to basically fund the tech and ops spending that we have within the context of the tech and ops run rate that you see in the numbers today. So the goal as we think about those numbers, will be to fund it within the context of the spending that you're seeing within the numbers here today. As it relates to severance and the disclosure we put out there, within the numbers that we reported this quarter, there was roughly $145 million of severance that we saw for activities as it related to employees that were more normal course. And I think as you look forward, we're obviously continuing to work through the final implementations, or the final implementation schedule. But from a severance perspective, I don't think you're going to see any big lump. It's going to be more, you're going to see it, as we work through and make certain decision with respect to certain actions.
Bruce R. Thompson: No. It's not that we're changing the way that we're hedging at all. It's really, as you think about the 2 numbers, it's the absence of the ineffectiveness as well as the prepays that we wouldn't expect to repeat itself in the -- during the fourth quarter. I think importantly, if you think about where we are now and you just used the 10-year treasury as a reference point, at the end of September, the 10-year was at 1.90% and it's been bouncing around between 2.10% and 2.25% over the course of the last week. So think about those as the benchmarks as we made these comments.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes, I mean, I think as you'd expect it, if you think about months that we had during the third quarter, July, while clearly not at what we have seen during the early part of the year, July was a reasonably good month in the quarter. Obviously, the volatility in the credit markets were particularly challenging in August and September. And what I would say is, as we look at October to date, I would say October has been a fair bit better than what we would have seen in the August and September months.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think as we said when we took our charges in the second quarter, we did put up some reserves for that. There's really been nothing firm that has come out during the third relative to the second quarter. So those reserves for that item on the books of the third quarter are the same as they were at the end of the second.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I think that, that number is obviously fluid. If you go back, we took $230 million during the fourth quarter, given that we had a sense that they were coming. And if we just go back and look, we had $550 million, down to $485 million. So we're seeing it trending down. And obviously as we get through the foreclosure pipeline quicker, we would expect that to continue to decline. So looking forward, we clearly expect the fourth quarter to be better than the third quarter as we look forward. And it's just that you can never predict exactly where you're going to be given we don't have perfect visibility to when foreclosures happen. But clearly, we'd expect the fourth quarter to be better than the third.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes, I would just make a couple of comments. I think that what we've seen is that they have thrown over the wall some vintages, in amounts in vintages, that are older than what we've seen. Unlike many others, we have certain contract with Fannie that speaks to a normal course of doing business, and we'll obviously process and push through those that we think that were due and fight those that we don't think are due based on the contract we have with them.
Bruce R. Thompson: I did not see the specific reference, but we've not seen any issue with respect to TDRs, quite frankly, either on the commercial or the consumer side.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I think that the first thing I would say, as I referenced, that the rates and currency business on a relative basis, performed better than the others. And if you look through the individual categories within the fixed income business, whether it be Structured Credit Trading, whether it be our Credit Trading business, whether it be our Mortgage business, and then the other thing that we have that's a little bit different than our competitors is that we have our fair value option loan book that also shows up in the fixed income area. You would have seen all of those 4 areas get beat up a little bit. But as it relates to any legacy positions or any significant losses that were incurred, we wouldn't have seen that. The other thing that's out there that I know there's been some things on is just about some of the underwriting in the pipelines of assets that people have. Our team actually did a very good job in that they hedged on the front end some of the commitments to distribute and any changes in that were very, very modest in the quarter. So I think kind of going back to what Brian said, we tend to be very much driven by the new issue business. It was slow. So within those credit trading areas, they were slightly negative but nothing really material in any one business that merits calling out.
Bruce R. Thompson: The only, I'd say, the only thing that's -- nothing material from a home price sensitivity that would change. The only thing that I would say is that if you look out with where consensus is, we're now factoring into our models and what we put through the P&L was home prices looking to be down about 2.6% from where we are now until the end of 2012, which is slightly more negative than what we had when we reported last quarter, and that's reflected in the numbers that we've shown.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. It's a good question, I probably should have been a little bit more clear. Keep in mind that amortization amount that we took in the third quarter was not reflective of prepays that we actually saw in the securities. It was us adjusting our assumptions in the models to reflect the prepays that we think that we will see, based on the interest rate environment that we saw at the end of the quarter.
Bruce R. Thompson: With respect to where we went from, we do continue to be asset sensitive, but there's no question, I would not say that there was any material change from our level of asset sensitivity from the second quarter to third quarter, though.
Bruce R. Thompson: Sure. If you look at where we are and focus on the parent company, the parent company has got, I believe, it's roughly $12 billion that rolls off over the next 90 days. And then as you go out over the course of the year, realize that we've got roughly $30 billion that rolls off, that's the big number during the second quarter of next year when TLGP runs off. So those are the significant numbers there. And then you would expect over time, given the liquidity that we have at the bank, that we will continue to run off the funding that we have at the bank as opposed to rolling it over, given the liquidity that we have at the company.
Bruce R. Thompson: Well, I think if you look at the P&L this quarter, and you look at -- and look at our comments that we've made with respect to volumes, we've started to see that during the third quarter. And clearly, the majority that will be gone off, or run-off at the end of the fourth. You should not expect to see any material change, though, in the overall P&L from correspondent, realizing that we're in the process of working through and taking out the costs associated with that and there can, obviously, at points in time, be a quarter lag in that. The most important thing that you're going to see with respect to our financials, though, in the correspondent, is that the correspondent business, when you originated a loan, it came with an MSR associated with it that, obviously, doesn't count from Basel III perspective. So what you will see is a slowdown in the new bookings of MSRs that come on the balance sheet as a result of exiting the segment.
Bruce R. Thompson: If I'm -- so I guess that if you think, and if we look at the consumer NPAs, I'm not sure of exactly what you're quoting. We're obviously, at the end of the second quarter, our NPAs in the consumer side were 21.3, and they're down to 21 at the end of the third quarter, and we've seen a similar amount in commercial. I think as you look at the -- on the consumer side, obviously, the big thing that we're trying to do and that we've seen start up, is to work through the foreclosure pipeline and to get the foreclosure pipeline clear. And I would say on the commercial side, the only thing that we really saw of note during on the commercial side is that we did sell roughly $800 million during the quarter of a combination of criticized and nonperforming commercial real estate loans for the quarter. So that would have affected the number, but those are really the only 2 things that I would point to.
Bruce R. Thompson: It's separate. We've got roughly $12 billion between now and the end of the year. And the TLGP number that I think the total number maturities in the second quarter of next year are roughly $30 billion, that's separate and distinct from the $12 billion.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I don't -- I mean, we were a little bit surprised at the article. I don't think that what's reflected in the article is anything different from the normal course of dealings that we've had with our counterparties since Merrill Lynch and BofA came together. And we, obviously, continue to work with them on transactions within all of our legal entities.
Bruce R. Thompson: Well, I think if you, I mean, if you look at the adjustments and I think the things that are out there, the first thing I would say that we've seen is that you've seen, and you saw it in this quarter, a lot of pluses and minuses as it relates to asset disposition strategies and the like. And obviously, over the course of the last year and a half, as we've been working through those, it can lead to the numbers bouncing around. But Nancy, I'd ask you to go back to Page 18. And one of the reasons that we've been as focused as we have on the core and shedding assets, and you look at what we did with the private equity portfolio, is to start eliminating the chances that these types of both pluses and minuses come through. So we work -- from that perspective, we're just working with a lot smaller base than we've been. The second thing that I would say, that we've talked here to, are some of the things that affected net interest income. We obviously have spoken to where we are from a rate perspective, and to the extent that within a reasonable band of rates, we wouldn't expect those things to come through. The U.K. rate change, the way that it's set up will show up one quarter a year, and it's 1%. So you know what that is. And the last piece that's really where we're most focused, that's led to the majority of the noise is mortgage, and it was the reason that we split the business up between Legacy Asset Services, as well as the front end. We're working very hard to continue to work through the delinquent portfolio that we have and, obviously, we put a lot of reserves behind us. That being said, I think, given the questions that everyone asked today, there do continue to be some open items on mortgage. But we feel like we've done everything we can at this point.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes, let me start, if I could, with what we've seen in the GIPS because a couple of pieces of information you can see this through some of our different disclosures, but let me just walk through it. As you think about where we are, our reported exposure for the quarter was roughly $14.6 billion that we have, and that was down roughly $1.5 billion quarter-over-quarter. As you think about that number, realize that, that number has been offset or reduced by roughly $2 billion through different CDS and short positions that we have. But when you start at that $14.6 billion, realize that there are certain things that we've hedged that don't show up there. The first is, and you can see in our supplement, we've got $1.7 billion of CVA hedges, largely against our Italian exposure. So as we think about sovereign exposure in Europe, we feel very good. In addition to that, we are not able to count our FVO hedges that we have on our fair option value book with the way we report for FICC. That reduces the exposure by about $2.2 billion. If you take those two adjustments and think about where we are, that gets that $14.6 billion number down by several billion dollars. And I think as we've said before, we got after this at the beginning of 2010, so there's nothing material from a P&L perspective that you would have seen going through the income statement. If we move to France, what I would say there that we obviously do a lot -- not a lot in France, but we have a presence in France. I would say if you look at our exposure, we obviously have exposure to the clearinghouse there, which is pretty good exposure. The corporate lending that we do there, consistent with the strategy, is to multinationals that are not dependent within France. And then I would say, if you move to the counterparties and look at what we do with the different financial institutions there, it's a couple of billion dollars that we have out to the banks in the aggregate. And we manage that exposure very tightly, and manage it in a way where we don't have any real tall trees to any one institution. So I would say, as we look across not only to GIPS but also France and other countries that pop up, we feel very good about where we're positioned. And I think that the, as it relates to our book, we're more focused on -- is there a second derivative effect that comes out of what's going on in Europe as opposed to any concern with any of the exposures that we have.
Bruce R. Thompson: We do have some sovereign-related debt there. I think we, obviously, watch it very carefully. It's inconsistent with the way that we hedge. And what we've done in Italy, if you'd see any real change in the perception of the country, we would adjust that. But I think it's, despite some of the rumblings from the agencies, it still is a AAA-rated country.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments as you think about our FICC business. The first is that, since Merrill and BofA came together and you think about our FICC business, that the market shares that we have in the underwriting and distribution of securities that we've been consistently between #1 and #2. So the amount of -- given that position, what we do from the investor or from the issuer side and as a result, the need to make market from the investor side, I think, relative to others, we feel pretty good about where we are. Obviously, those regulations are still evolving. As I think others have said, the amount of compliance and regulatory costs that go along with that, while the cost may not be high, there's obviously a lot of work that will need to be done associated with those to ensure compliance, and we'll obviously work through those. But I think best that we can, given the nature of our business, at this point, at least, we'd not see a change materially.
