Paul Donofrio: Yes, that's right. I mean, as we said in the prepared remarks, we've got some near-term headwinds. Some of them are seasonal; some of them recover long-end rates are down. But as we move to the second half of the year, we expect to benefit from continued loan and deposit growth, plus another day of interest in Q3. So ultimately, we think the full year 2019 NII is going to up roughly 2% year-over-year. By the way, when I gave the -- in the prepared remarks, when I gave the net charge-off with that single credit, I transpose the numbers I said 84 it was really 48.
Paul Donofrio: Well look, we’re not a hedge fund, we're a bank and so we're customer driven and our asset sensitivity is driven by our loans and our deposits and the activity that our customers do with us. Having said that, we have limits on how much asset sensitivity we want, on the upside and the downside, we're within those limits. There may come a point in the future, where we would do something to modify the asset sensitivity of the company. But, remember when you're doing that you're basically placing a blood on the future rate of -- future change in interest rates, what if you're wrong. So, again, we're a bank, we're serving our customers. That's what creates the asset sensitivity in the company. There may come a time we’ll adjust that, but right now we feel comfortable.
Paul Donofrio: I think, Glenn what I was saying was that the -- you got to look at the -- what drives the value of the consumer deposit franchise in a company and that's a consumer side. And what you're seeing is consumer deposits grew $26 billion and checking grew $24 billion. And so between non-interest and very low interest checking. So that's what drives our account, we have $0.5 million more checking accounts than we did a year ago to give you a sense in a book of $34.5 million went to $35 million. On the non-interest bearing side the reference was in the commercial side, which because the way cash management services are priced when rates rise people have to hold less balances to get the fees, it's credit rate goes up when rate stop rising, which really has happened that stabilizes and we have seen that and expected that to continue.
Paul Donofrio: We continue to think about and continue our change our policies on overdrafts, which has a downward effect on it, but the real driver of that is the fact that we have primary households. So the people are above the limits of free checking for lack of better term and if you get $250 a month in direct deposit then you can get free accounts free those fees are waived if you have $1,500 average balances et cetera, et cetera. And so, the profitability of consumer franchise is a combined profitability of the deposit value and the fee value. And together you saw that revenue growth of 7% year-over-year. So, it is not -- we price on a relationship basis. So you have to be careful to look at this thing in parts.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, I mean, look the way I would think about it we've given you guidance on expenses. We've told you that in 2019 and 2020 we expect that our expenses will be approximately what they were for full year 2018 on an adjusted basis. And so we're going to create operating leverage if we grow loans and grow deposits and grow revenue. It's simple as that if we're holding expenses flat.
Paul Donofrio: Sure, there's obviously appetite in interest and optimizing. We'll be disclosing in the Q, a lot of detail around the TLAC -- the different TLAC ratios. I guess, a couple of things, as you see those. Remember, we received approval of $2.5 billion of additional buybacks in February. We've also been setting up a new bank entity and a new broker dealer for Brexit, plus, we're creating a new broker dealer as part of resolution planning. So, our funding needs are a little bit elevated right now. We need to optimize that over the long-term. And, we'll sort all that out.
Paul Donofrio: I'm not sure I would give you more color on the specifics of the relationship or the client. We don't like to comment on individual clients. But look it impacted, I think if you backed it out, equities would have been down how much 13% -- 12% instead of the 22%. So it was a meaningful transaction last year.
Paul Donofrio: And just to give you a sense on progress, if you look at hiring year-to-date versus last year in investment banking and capital markets commercial bankers. It's that 3 times of the pace as it was last year and attrition is down. So we're definitely making progress.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, sure. Look, the first thing I would say is, again, Brian said it, but remember we're focused not on products, but on increasing and deepening relationships and remember consumers revenue was up 7% year-over-year and profits were up 25%. To your question, purchase volume growth has slowed, but it was still up 2% year-over-year. We've got higher rewards also pressuring revenue. But again, higher rewards are also driving higher deposit balances, which help NII as well as client retention. We continue to add more than a million new cards each quarter although this is down moderately as we focus on profitability and reevaluate applications that are looking to play the rewards game.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So we've made a lot of progress and our efforts are continuing, we did a parallel run in Q1, which we’re still analyzing, but based upon the early estimates from that parallel run we do expect CECL reserves to increase. I think it's important to point out, there's still a lot more work to do.But we would currently estimate the impact to be an increase in our reserves of up to 20%. I want to emphasize that sort of any adjustment to reserves will be based upon the composition of our portfolio and the forecast of economic conditions at that time, which is going to be year-end. In addition, we haven't finalized their methodologies. And look, if you're thinking about drivers, it's obviously credit card is the primary driver. Relative to others, you got to look at commercial real estate, those are the things that are affecting reserves.
Paul Donofrio: Look, longer term I think NIM is going to depend on the forward curve. I mean, that's the best answer I can give you. In Q2, I guess I would expect, NIM to decline a little bit because of all the items I mentioned earlier, in those prepared remarks. It's up year-over-year nicely. I think if you look at the banking book, you can really see the power it's up to sort of 3.03%, which is up 10 basis points year-over-year.
Paul Donofrio: I just want to add one thing; I know you're asking how will we know? But the one thing, I do want to stress is how much we've transformed the company over the last 10 years by sticking to responsible growth by changing the mix between consumer and commercial by focusing on prime and super priming. And again, the best place to see that is in the Fed stress test results, where you can see that our loss rate over multiple years and we'll see what it is this year has been lower than all peers. And almost 50% lower than the worst nine quarters we experienced during the financial crisis. So the company is just fundamentally different.
Paul Donofrio: So those lower intangible is about $75 million per quarter. And FDIC, I think is a little over $100 million per quarter, for the whole company. Yes.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, and that's -- Merrill intangibles is $75 million. FDIC for the whole company is sort of like $150-ish million.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. There was a sort of normal seasonal kind of tax variability that I expect most people had in their models. So if you adjust for that a good for modeling purpose I would suggest to use around a loss of around $200 million per quarter. That's a good base.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, look I would expect low-single digit year-over-year growth to sort of continue. Right now we are experiencing a little bit of an uptick in the portfolio payment rate that's affecting growth.
Paul Donofrio: Look, I just think it's good economy, and we have high quality customers in our card portfolio and they're taking some of their excess deposits and paying off the balances.
Brian Moynihan: Well, Gerard, I think it just -- as we said it continues to drift down where it stops, we don't ever try to give people a number for fear they'll stop there and not keep pushing. And so our job is to continue to drive it down. So with flat expenses in a rising NII that like Paul described. You're going to see -- that all just obviously falls to the bottom-line. But remember the NII component this is really very marginal from standpoint of happening and checking accounts on $35 million a consumer $20 billion more investment assets to Merrill Edge. The wealth management business grows on a very leveraged platform. So if you look across the efficiency ratio, or the pre-tax margin, wealth management 29% efficiency ratios, they’ll continue to get better, all in that will help in a quarter where markets are up, you'll see that number drop down quickly in the quarter where market activity is less which year-over-year the market activity was less than last year. So we saw a little deterioration that side even though we made 250 basis points of improvement overall. So I don't -- if I say to you guys on this call my team will say we've made a goal so the goal is to continue to drive it.
Brian Moynihan: Well, again, let me just take one step back. We've given our perspective on what we think 2019 and 2020 is going to be we said, with all the investments we're doing the increase in technology, the merit, health care, everything we're doing. Adding bankers, adding financial centers, we think because of digitization, because of all the efficiency. We think we can hold expenses at that 2018 level. So that's how I would think about it. If you just think about Q1 expenses, they were up, approximately $150 million from Q4. Q1 obviously included the normal $400 million-ish of seasonality of elevated payroll expenses. This was sort of partially offset by the timing of some tech initiative spend and marketing costs, which combined were kind of down about $200 million quarter-over-quarter. But we expect both of those to be up for the full year of 2018 as we continue to invest. We mentioned in the prepared remarks the deferred comp issue, which had a quarter-over-quarter effect. We mentioned the Merrill Lynch intangibles, which was about $75 million. But having said all that for the year is what I would focus on, we think we're going to be at $53 billion in change.
Brian Moynihan: I think, Betsy just to give you -- look for our company and for U.S. economy, especially where we saw some relatively strong performance was in our middle market business this quarter and our small business. In those -- that's good, because that means the core tens of thousands of customers in the middle market and the millions of small businesses are using their lines and line users went up by a percent middle market, small business, so I think originations were up 7%, 8% year-over-year in the quarter. So I think the -- if you think about the thing overall, either, that's good news. And so as we think about it long-term the run-off, if you go back to that page and look at the non-core portfolio, it's gotten to a point now where it's small enough, the impact is muted. So the 1% overall growth and 5% core growth we'd say the 5% core growth is in line with our expectations. The 1% overall ought to frankly start to mitigate, because that number of non-core loans is really just down to a much smaller number. And frankly, we sold -- this quarter we sold off some of the toughest loans just to kind of get ourselves position in case no matter what happens next. So expect us to do see the core loan growth in that mid-single-digits and expect maybe a little bit more of it to come through the bottom line as the non-core runs off. That's just a follow up on your question to Paul on expenses. We are driving the company hard to continue to reengineered on a constant consistent basis. So the digitization that you saw in the consumer business which we talked a lot about is swinging through the commercial businesses fairly consistently. And the cash pro product the cash pro mobile product and things like that are growing. And so there was a very digitized business from sending a cash is a little different to consumer, but the activity between us and the customer, the paper to electronic, any one form of electronic to another form of electronic frankly, saves us expenses but also put some pressure on revenues even though the treasury services revenues you can see are up nicely. So, expect that we're going to do everything we can on expenses, we're going to make the investments of $3 billion in technology. We're going to continue to drive the physical plant rejuvenation and continue to add people because it's working. But don't ever think that we're trying to -- we're not overspending here we're going to spend what we need to do to drive this company forward.
Brian Moynihan: We’re chipping the weight is still high. Even, check deposits continue to go down in our franchisee year-over-year. In the first quarter, they went from about $145 million in last year first quarter, $125 million to $130 million -- $127 million I think it was this quarter. But if you look at it the -- and just that change the mobile deposits were up 15 million units in a single quarter where the financial center are down -- the mobile were up 1 million units in a single quarter where the financial centers are down about 1.5 million units, 1.25 million unit. So each year, we're driving that incremental change. So that's just checks deposit, that's not even cash distributed and stuff. So just that it is a big cost a lot of it's on a commercial side too. And we continue to drive it down. Collecting all that core in currency for the small businesses and people and that collect cash as part of their operations we continue to digitize that, too.
Brian Moynihan: So if you look at it, think about this time last year and into the summer, we continue to look at our position we've been adding people, we still have room to go to add. It's all in the numbers you see. So as expensive came down we added more people in that area in both middle market bankers filling out the franchise in various areas, and investment bankers dedicated to that area. The team's has been building up, and then frankly rounding out our general teams in investment banking. And so, Matthew Carter [ph] came in and picked it up. We're seeing market share sort of improvements even in markets which are not as robust as we like, from our standpoint. Then -- but we expect that the middle market one has been growing very fast it is a matter of just getting more capacity. If you look at some of those numbers are up 25% in fees over the last couple years, we just got to keep driving.
Brian Moynihan: That stuff moves pretty quick through the system. But it -- the 3% it includes that part of the balance.
Brian Moynihan: I think if you think about a growth rate in economy of two percentage points or so, and you think back about the last decade, we've been at that level more than we’ve been at any other level. And what did we do we grew loans mid-single digit, we grew deposits 3%, 4%, 5% faster, now kind of growing at that rate. That adds basically very advantaged cost of funds and loans that are well priced to our core clients in both the consumer and commercial side. And that then grows the net interest margin a lot of talk about over the last few years about what was the contribution rates, half of it came more or less than rates and half of it came from hard work and we expect the half that came from hard work to keep coming. And that leverage in the platform with expenses being flat is pretty good leverage. And then the markets, will be what they are but as I said earlier, remember that the revenue from those two activities year-over-year is up 7%. Paul gave you the NII view of that. The fees side of that revenue was down deeply, but even with what's happened during the quarter to think about the wealth management business from the way the particular prices off in December, into January and things like that, think about the recovery either the fee income even it stays flat from here, it will be substantial in wealth management business. So we feel good just driving out more customer relationships and more loans and deposits and more wealth management business from them. And that will give us a pre-tax -- ability to grow pretax in the mid to upper single digits. And then the share count through their capital management. So that's the model of the 2% growth economy. If you tell me, you're predicting a recession, we’d handle the company differently as what everybody else, but that's not what we think. And then, as I think about it overall, just this is a great franchise and we're just grinding out the growth that's embedded in it. And that will produce as we've said mid-single digit, mid-upper single digit operating earnings increase, combined with share account will get you in double digits, and that's pretty good.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, it's going to be -- well it has been I think, in the last several years, we've gone from probably sub $10 an hour to over $15. And it's been paid for every year. So I think our ability to continue to drive productivity is really driven by the change in customer behavior and the digital capabilities we have. So more of the activity that would have been done a decade ago or two decades ago, person handing a check for deposit to branches would have through a person's hands and now goes through a mobile bank deposit, mobile check deposits, and the cost of that is 10 fold different. And yet, we still have in this quarter alone $50 million odd deposits at the financial centers to work on. So the productivity will increase, we've been able to pay for those kinds of increases, we've been able to keep the healthcare costs for the lower compensated teammates flat since 2011, after we cut it in half. And this is all to really have great teammates working with our core customer base. And that's what we are focused on. And our average compensation of our company is $120,000 or something like that. So this is not -- this is to really help drive in the branch and the call centers and the operations groups to continued efficiency. But overall, we continue to manage head count down to make it happen.
Brian Moynihan: We continue to -- those are great questions, Nancy, when you think about it in a broader context. But I think the major differences with our company is that the geographic distribution in the United States means that we're not susceptible to any regional issues dominating our discussion, as it would have been 20, 30 years ago, or even a decade plus ago. I think that the balance in the company from a consumer and commercial has come down -- has changed substantially, so we're 50%, 50%. I think the secured portion of consumer is the dominant part as opposed to going in the last crisis. So all that sort of gives us a different feel for what we think the credit cycle be like. When you go to the commercial side, the underwriting capabilities of the team have been proven through cycles as being very strong. The ratings integrity is strong, when we go through with all the reviews whether it's SNC [ph] or whether it's internal reviews. And so yes, a company like the charge-off we had in the fourth quarter can have an idiosyncratic event that causes some damage. But will it be wholly different, it will really depend if the economy stays bumping along it goes into slight degradation, you're going to see some across the board distress. But I think so far as we've seen pieces pop-up oil and gas a few years ago. We put up reserves, we took most of them back in. The retailing business, we were a major lender in it we've been able to work through the credits there because the nature of the collateral and stuff like that that has consumer side, the charge-off rate stays low. We've worked through, as you know a lot of mortgage credit that was just still with us and we've been getting that down and that's brought our charge-off some mortgage back to where we thought they'd be. So I'm not sure, I would ever say you have to take any credits that happen and say there's no -- you have to say it's completely isolated one-off events, because you got to be careful not to fool yourself. But on the other hand, what we see is right now the fundamentals of the economy in the U.S. on a global basis and the fundamentals of consumers and unemployment being low as you mentioned, means that credit is in good shape and we just don't see that changing a lot.
Brian Moynihan: I guess, we'll end up four or five on fees paid depending on what is going on at the time. It will ebb or flow. If it's more that capital markets driven, typically we do better if it's more equity capital markets we do a little bit differently and if it's advisory, we sort of depends on sort of what the deals are. At the end of day, if the team continue to work on driving it, we feel good if the progress is being made and we’ll continue to make that progress in the future. But I always tell people to keep in mind, the Global Banking segment in our company are $2 billion $700 million of which was investment banking fees. So the key for serving corporate clients is to have a full robust broad relationship and drive the cash management and drive the lending and the investment banking and not get overly focused on 2% of our revenue.
Brian Moynihan: There has been a lot of talk. If you think about the last couple years of the economy and the last year and half in economy and commercial loan growth and I don't get the fantods all over that and that the sense it’s things ebb and flow by what's going on. And so I think what you saw this quarter really a combination of probably three things for us in the core commercial business, commercial loans across the board. One is, in terms of the business banking segment, which is a smaller end we've hit sort of an inflection point we were managing some of the credit risk in that portfolio. That’s kind of hit the base and that's a smaller book, but it does impact year-over-year that was down like over $1 billion and that's now flattened out in terms of linked quarter impact. Second thing as the small business continues to grow it does a good job in that and you can see that separately. But the third most important thing is, we deployed more middle market bankers, they continue to deepen relationships and as we did it, we basically not only did we took down the number of accounts per person, so that they could deepen the relationship to spend the time that's why we've seen the treasury service and other revenue grow. But importantly also even pushing harder on the loan growth side, and that benefit us. And then, frankly, for years we were kind of running down a little bit of our commercial real estate on a relative basis, you would have seen other people grow faster as the market settled in and we like the credit risk better, we've actually seen a little better growth in the commercial real estate segment very high and very strong quality that's helped us a little bit too. And then the last thing, which I think is good news to the economy overall is the line usage went up about a point in middle market which is -- which means that, that's across a lot of lines obviously, but what that really means is that people are using the credit’s the right word. So there are task of driving commercial loan growth is really down to literally thousands of people out there every day doing the job that Matthew and Alistair [ph] and Acer and Sharon Miller [ph] and the team push them to do and we're seeing the benefits of that. And that ought to be compounding in the future.
Brian Moynihan: The impact of -- if charges were up and fees were down, obviously impacted the rewards credits and other credits both the merchant and everything else exceeded the growth in the revenue. And so I think that's given. So we were up 3% in charge volume, something like that and then overall declined slightly. You remember that we're running our credit card relationship management business different than a lot of people. We run it as an integrated business. And so when you see that $26 billion in deposits growth in consumer remember a lot of it's coming in large deposit relationships in the context of general consumers and not wealth, affluent wealth management people to customers. It's coming because they're bringing to us $10,000 or $20,000 in balances to that is helping drive our deposit balances and a relationship size in order to get the reward system. And so when you look at that you got to be careful about looking any one line item that we have and look at it in total growth and that's a 7% consumer overall and the risk adjusted margin on the card product, I think we show is over 8%. So it's very high credit quality and the fees included in that. So, I think it's one of the differences, we're going to look a little different. And so, yes, the amount we rewarded our customers to do business with us, exceeded the rate of growth than their charge a little bit, but combined with their deposit balances and how they get the rewards. You saw a consumer deposit level growth of mid-single digits, you saw $26 billion which is the size of a good bank right there, just in consumer. And it was all in check, the total other growth other than checking was like $2 billion. So it's all checking growth and all really what we do for people in the card as part of that payments, debit card, credit card and checking are really linked accounts now.
Brian Moynihan: All right. Well, thank you for joining us again, we appreciate your interest, another quarter record earnings, strong client activity we continue to see a good strong, solid U.S. economy. We deepen those relationships, we had strong asset quality. And again, at the end of day, we delivered a 16% return on tangible common equity, 126 basis points return on assets. And we did that by driving operating leverage of 400 basis points. So thank you look forward to talk to you next quarter.
