Alastair Borthwick: Thanks, Glenn. So you're right to pick up on the commentary, because Brian's highlighted the strength of the consumer, which remains extraordinary. And at the same time, what we see on the asset quality side of commercial is just continued steady improvement as the economy reopens. So that's what we're seeing. That's contemporaneous. Now, you're asking a question about, what does it look like in the future? And we're obviously aware of what the Fed is trying to engineer. So going through this every quarter, as we always do, we have an opportunity to think about how we look at our reserves. And this quarter, we took some of the upside height. We've got a little more weighting towards a baseline and a little more towards downside. So that's one thing we've done. Second thing we've done is we've upped our forecast for inflation. So we see that playing through. And those scenarios are a little more weighted towards inflationary. And third, we have adjusted GDP growth done, largely based on blue-chip consensus. So we, like you, are looking at two things. Number one, we're looking at what we're seeing in the actual results. And number two, we're thinking about how we balance that going forward with our scenarios.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, we don't have a great deal to add there. Obviously, we're coming off of record quarters last year. And we're just operating in the market conditions that were given. The volatility has obviously been hardest felt in equity capital markets and in high yield. And across the board, we'd say our pipelines look very strong. So I think when I asked Matthew, he said somewhere between strong and very strong. So I should tell you everything you need to know. But obviously, we need market conditions to cooperate.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, no change to our approach, John, relative to prior years. I think the waterfall that we laid out on slide six is pretty constructive. First priority for us will remain just invest in growth. We'll support our clients and let them get after -- and the teams get after the loans to help our clients there. Secondly, we'll make the dividend payments. And then we'll have capital left over for share buyback as we have had in the past. And we'll make those decisions in the context of future rate environments and future capital requirements. I think Brian pointed out to you that we're going to build capital over the course of the next couple of years by about 50 basis points. We've got seven quarters. So, it's a small amount every quarter that we'll be doing.
Alastair Borthwick: Mike, the only the other thing I'd add is when Brian talks about operating, it's one of the reasons we highlight that 92%, 93% of our consumer accounts are primary. And we've had 99% plus retention rate on those accounts. So these are sticky deposits. That's what we're just trying to make sure everyone understands.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So look, I think we, broadly speaking, agree with you. We obviously don't control rates. So that's why we're always reluctant to give guidance over the course of the next 270 days. But we're very levered to rates going up from here. And we said in our remarks that we believe the second quarter will be up at least $650 million in NII. And I think if you look at the forward curve, yes, you would expect to accelerate over the course of the year. And then, we tried to give you the broad outlines around $5.4 billion versus forward $6.8 billion versus spot, it's obviously very meaningful. But we're only prepared to look out over the course of the next 90 days, because we feel like we've got pretty good confidence around that. And I think the other thing just to bear in mind is, our next meeting is in May. So you'll see like the Fed meetings and the hikes in the forward curve really do accelerate things in the back half of the year.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think just the fact that you've got $5.4 billion compared to $6.8 billion tells you a little bit about successive rate hikes become less valuable. But we're probably a long way from where they stopped having value. So look, we expect, as Brian talked about, we're kind of at a rate floor when rates are at zero. And obviously, we'll get significant benefit over the course of the next 100 basis points. I, like you, would anticipate less from the following 100. But again, we're going to capture a lot of value, because our strategy is based around operating accounts in commercial and primary accounts in consumer.
Alastair Borthwick: So we normally take a look at our deposit betas over the course of history. And if you go back to the last three out cycle, 2015 through 2019, on average, you can't -- it's obviously very different by account and line of business and client. But on average, it was somewhere between 20% and 25% for Bank of America. We'd hope to perform a lithium battery in this cycle just based on the value we deliver to clients, particularly in things like digital, et cetera. But for now, I think that's a reasonable assumption. It's difficult to project out first 100 versus second 100. I mean I would imagine for the first couple of hundreds, it's going to be pretty -- I would hope, pretty stable. But at some point, when you think deposit basis would drift higher, we'll obviously be able to give you guidance on that in the future based on what we're actually seeing.
Alastair Borthwick: So Erika, our G-SIB minimum would increase effective January 1, 2024. So we've got seven quarters to build towards that. Brian talked about operating and managing the company 75 to 100 basis points above our regulatory minimum. That's obviously exactly where we are right now. And so over the course of the next seven quarters, we just expect to build that 50 basis points of capital.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, our clients are definitely seeing supply chain challenges. They're working through admirably. We've also seen inflation, and we're seeing labor and wage pressure. So that, I think we all know. At the same time, the economy is returning more towards normal, and our line utilization is returning more towards normal too. That's a part of what's driving our loans growth. So, revolver utilization in commercial now in banking is 31.7%. Pre-pandemic are normal, was around 35%. So, that's about 3.3%. Figure that's like $15 billion to $20 billion of loans potential as the economy continues to heal and as clients begin to take utilization back. So, it's one of the reasons we're still comfortable with loans growth, and we see the same momentum that we have over the course of the past 12 months.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think what you're looking to is some of the RWA growth has been coming from a pretty significant loans rebound, particularly in commercial. And I think you're looking at some of the investments we made in our Global Markets business. Some of that's a little seasonal, so it pops up in Q1. And some of it is year-over-year. So going forward, I think our growth -- will plenty of capital to support the growth that we expect in terms of RWAs. We manage that pretty closely. Again, the economy is beginning to return now to something more normal after bouncing around a bunch. So this quarter, when you think about those risk-weighted assets, 14 basis points. Brian's talked about one-third, one-third, one-third for share repurchase, dividend and growth. And that's probably a fair starting point.
Alastair Borthwick: And Vivek, if you look at this quarter, we added $8 billion of deposits. We added $14 billion of loans. That's always going to be our first choice in terms of investment. The securities balances came down a little bit, $13 billion. And remember, if you go back over the course of the past couple of years, in the pandemic, we didn't see the loans growth. So, in many ways that's one, we purchased some securities at which to replace loans that were coming off. That's not what we're seeing there. Now we're seeing the loans growth. So, our first years will always be for loans. And if we keep seeing the same kind of loan growth we're seeing right now, the securities may decline overtime they stay flat, we'll see, depends on deposits.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So liquidity is down in the quarter. That's largely based on funding the Global Markets business with seasonal. If you look year-over-year at our liquidity numbers, you'll see our global liquidity sources of $1.1 billion. They're up like a scutch from Q1 of last year. HQLA surplus is up. That's largely based on things like – again, Brian talks about our deposits at $2 trillion. We have -- we're probably more liquid now than we've ever been. And we've got plenty, I think, as we continue to grow deposits in the future. I hope our liquidity just continues to stay where it is or go higher.
Alastair Borthwick: So, let me address that one. I think Brian's earlier answer got to the first part of it, which is we're not interest traders. We're interest rate managers to a cycle. We got to deliver for our shareholders in low rate environments, and we have to deliver for them in high rate environments. Those mortgages protected us in a low-rate environment. And now what protects us in a rising rate environment is precisely the asset sensitivity we still have left in the company. And so when you look at that $1.4 billion of growth, and now we're telling you, you should expect NII growth from here successively in each quarter, that's what protects us. It's that balance between capital, earnings, and liquidity.
Brian Moynihan: Glenn, I think just generally, Fed has a task to bringing inflation out of the system. And our GDP assumptions, like  partner team, they are for the economy, the slowest growth rate from this year to next year. The question of great debate is a soft lining, hard lining, et cetera. But I think what's unusual this time is how much cash is sitting in the consumers' accounts. If you are sitting here when they start normalizing rates in the middle of the last decade, late to middle last decade, you wouldn't have seen the consumer balances sitting with those multiples I gave you earlier in their accounts and then having tremendous borrowing capacity left in terms of unused credit lines and the same on the commercial side Lines are bouncing along just above the low point. And so we continue to adjust our reserve levels to, as Alastair said, to factor in our base case includes higher inflation through the rest of the year. And next year, our seats reserves, set by that base case, which is a 40% weighting to adverse, frankly equal maybe 40% of the actual reserves we have, because the rest are judgmental and in precision and things like that. So we're very strong in reserve. And we're very mindful that I think it's very different to think about the situation where the consumers unemployment is already so low and the consumers are sitting with money. And I think that puts more attention on the Fed to how they architect a successful change, and they know that. But on the other hand, it's a better place to start.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. And Alastair gave you some detail. But just simply put, John, we expect to be relatively flat for 2022 versus 2021. That's the guidance we gave you last quarter. We don't see any different this quarter.
Brian Moynihan: And John, just you said operating leverage. I'm proud of the team. We have three straight quarters of operating leverage. PPNR growth was strong. That's different than what we've seen out there generally. But remember, during the -- as the rates rose in the pre-pandemic softening and hard landing and inherently ways in everybody's mind, the simple fact is we had 20 straight quarters of operating leverage, and we're starting to see that come through. And if you look at the consumer efficiency from the first quarter last year, this quarter, your point in efficiency ratio, this has all come through NII and it all falls to the bottom-line. And therefore, you end up with a fairly significant impact in those businesses, which are obviously highly sensitive growth in NII.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, those are all the pieces. But simply put, I think Alastair said, NII pick up next quarter. So you pick up the $200 million this quarter, you put that in the bank, then you pick up another $600 million plus next quarter and then it grows with net out. So yes, that's tremendous operating leverage. And as we just said to John, expenses are flat. So that flows through the bottom line. All the different vagaries of not only regulatory accounting versus GAAP accounting, but also what cap, the comp and the capital ratio calculation versus not, at the end of the day, you said $1.4 trillion. It's $2 trillion of deposits, $1.4 trillion just on the consumer -- for people side of the business. And even on the business side, we only have operational deposits. And so the end of the day, those are very long deposits. We extract the value through investing, and that's why we put it in held the maturity. And the cash flow of that head to maturity portfolio is $20-odd billion a quarter even in a rate environment changes. So that -- whatever hit we had, the CET1, the growth in NII and the growth in earnings power and hat covers up inside of a year. And so we feel very good about that. So the rate environment where we come off the zero floors makes us a lot more money. You know that, and we know that.
Brian Moynihan: On the consumer side, the people being Wealth Management consumers and general consumers, the $1.4 trillion were 40% or more in checking accounts, and that's the money people have in motion in a given day. And what the big volume of comes from, frankly, you have 35 million checking holders, which is a new record for us. And so that's important. And all the feature functionality helps them our retention for our preferred customer base and the consumer segment, which represents 70% or 80% of all the deposits is 99-point something. And so those customers stay with us a long time. What I meant operational accounts on the commercial side, we -- all the cash is money in motion for those commercial customers, meaning it's part of the data cash flow. So whether it's small business customers, whether it's business banking customers, which are under $50 million revenue companies or even middle market, this money is coming in and out every day. And so it's very stable. It doesn't disappear from the scenes. And if you look at our GTS revenue, you can see the Global Transaction Services revenue on the -- page on Gold Banking, you'll see it's grown nicely year-over-year, and that's due to the stability of that deposit base and what we see. So it's not going to move away from the balance sheet. That's the point I said about -- in a rate rising cycle, last rate rising cycle, as money supply shrink, at the end of the day, we grew deposits 5%. And so we'll see what happens because it's different, but we feel pretty confident.
Brian Moynihan: So Betsy remember, coming into the pandemic we had hit the point where we brought expenses down and said we – now we're an operating leverage company, so we'll get revenue growth faster than expense growth, but we'd start to grow modestly. Then the pandemic had a lot of expenses coming in and out. But – and so when we say flat year-over-year, basically meaning '23 versus '22 in that $59 billion to $60 billion range, our view is that our goal is to keep that down to a modest expense growth, if any, and as we move to '24, etcetera. but we are fighting all those discussion you had. But the key is to have the revenue grow much faster. And that's what we expect to see as NII kicks back up and efficiency ratios as Mike or John referenced, ought to kick back down pretty nicely.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So, the piece that will matter the most will be the AFS securities. And we've talked before about the fact that we have about 200 billion of treasuries there and they're all swapped to floating precisely to insulate us. So, I think that's one of the reasons you see our AOCI hit is much smaller than many others.  So then it's just a question of managing around the $50 billion or so of securities that we have there that aren't swapped to floating. And I'd just note that, that number has come down a little bit months after months after months. I think it will keep coming down. We have some ability, obviously, to hedge that if we choose to. And so, we'll manage our interest rate exposure as the environment develops from here.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. The question always is, if the Fed is hiking rates because of inflation that they can't get back under control and you got to look at the stuff out, everybody focused on NII, you got to look at what's going on in the economy generally. So that's why we have significant reserves in case it's harder landing than people at the Fed would like to engineer. And that's why we run the company with such a balance. But generally, a higher sustained rate environment will help us earn a lot more money. And you saw that pick up, as we picked up through 2016, 2017, 2018, and you'll see it happen. Again, you've already seen it happen. Then we think last year first quarter, this year first quarter, we had $1.4 billion more NII per quarter. So that's -- it's already helped and as loan and deposit growth are matched with some modest rate increases.
Brian Moynihan: So I think that -- we made progress each quarter basically. We're around the 66%, we're down year-over-year. I think if I gave you the specific quarter, we crossed over basically to the earnings projection for the rest of the quarter. So Erika, I think just as you look at the businesses, you're starting to see them drop more in line. Obviously, we always have such a huge Wealth Management business, which 27% pre-tax margin which is industry-leading, it was up 30% last quarter, will impact that because it's a bigger part of our business than others, but you'll see relentless progress, but I can't give the exact quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Important in the small business area, originations are strong and back past pre-pandemic levels of quarterly originations and you're seeing home equity come back up even though mortgage will fall off. I think pre-pandemic, we did $3 billion. So, we have a room on the consumer side and on the commercial side for further loan growth as the -- as people sort of normalize their behaviors and activities. And now you all read about the car industry, the line uses a car. Car auto dealers is really low and it's just, as an example, they can't keep enough inventory on the line.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Well, I think we're wise to do that. When it comes to the card side, I'd say, flattish. We're managing to the total client relationship there. That remains something that we're focused on total we'll see some growth there. We'll see it in balances. We'll see it in NII mostly, and we'll see it in detail in elsewhere. On the asset management side, mostly it will be around market levels. So, we'll follow that, as you will, closely. And a little bit of net new household growth and flows growth again this year. So, that's how we're thinking about it. But I would say across all kind of flattish slightly, maybe slightly up. The only one thing to bear in mind is just as a reminder, on insufficient funds and overdraft. Just remember that those that started to kick in in February, and the remainder will pass through in March. So that's probably like -- sorry, May, and that's probably a $750 million hit for the year, if you like, on total fees.
Brian Moynihan: Steven, the dynamics is going to be how big the wealth management business sits as a percentage of the total and just the dynamic set business. And that's always what constrained it even to the rest of the businesses. If I remember, a peak cycle, both Global Banking went well-below 50, Consumer went well below 50 and then between markets and Wealth Management. Now Wealth Management has done a great job of growing its loans and deposits, so that will help it. But that's always going to be the debate, and you should be cheering for strong Wealth Management revenues even if it means a little less efficiency ratio.
Brian Moynihan: It's actually the opposite of that. They grew faster from February to March, and that's probably because of the tax returns that they have. But basically, the broad way to think about it is beginning around May of last year, they grew 1%, not annualized, but 1% per month, pretty consistently 1% to 2% higher at the lower end balances. Only in the month of November, I think we saw a slight down draft in the lower end balances, and that picked back up in December, grew January, February, March, each month. It grew this quarter, and the March month was the strongest. So we might -- we haven't seen the data for April yet, but it's growing very strong, all the way up into the people who carried pre-pandemic at $10,000 to $20,000, our balances are still growing in very strongly. So we're not seeing that deteriorate at all yet.
Brian Moynihan: It all comes down to deposits. We keep growing deposits, we got to put it to work. So Alastair can give you more detail. But you remember what drives the size of our balance sheet, so our right-hand side, not our left. And so at $2 trillion -- we grew $200 billion -- or $180 billion, $190 billion deposits last year first quarter, this year first quarter. So, if we grow our deposits, which you should be cheering for on the core basis, we do, we will then invest those deposits in a careful way.
Brian Moynihan: The new revenues will generate more margin profit, Mike. And the efficiency ratio, let's always see where we get to, but it will keep coming down and we are improving every – all the way through into the pandemic and with operating leverage every quarter. And I think it's not going back and checking it quarter-by-quarter. I think it improved every quarter. It leaves aside some seasonality. But yes, we will keep driving it down.  Headcount, if this quarter was down another 100 people, it was down 4,000 last year. We are adding salespeople. We're opening new branches. We're investing in franchise. We've opened in the 7, 8, 10 markets and we have $30 billion of new deposits in those branches to give you a sense and there's only 140 branches. You know our strategy, Mike. So, it's always going to come down to balancing all that.  But at the end of the day, we're saying expenses are flat this year and NII improvement is going to flow to the bottom line. That's a pretty strong impact to efficiency, especially because it's going through the businesses, even the wealth management business.
Brian Moynihan: I think, you're a good critic of and observer of banks, Mike, but the reality is, we have economists predict recessions and all the outages about them. But the -- and the reality is, they always have a prediction for recession that runs around 10%, 20% according to economists activity. But let me flip to what you really said, which is, we weighted the adverse scenario factor at a 40% factor in our baseline reserve setting. That produced a formulaic reserve, which is around 40% of our total reserves. And so, we have reserves on top of that basis for tough times. So I'm not going to chat a box with you about soft landing, hard landing and all that stuff. But the reality is, they've got to take the inflation out of system. They know that. The rising rates do that. But there's tensions against how easy or hard that’s going to be, obviously, pandemic, war, but also this issue that the massive amount of stimulus is still out there being spent. So we're braced for every scenario. We model every scenario, but we don't -- I don't put a specific percentage. I just -- that's somebody else's job to do that, but our economists do not have a recession predicted in terms of this year, it's around 3% growth, next year, a little over 2%. And even though there may be some quarters that would show modest growth, I think they're all positive, so I got it right.
Brian Moynihan: We don't. Well, Gerard, just to start, we -- basically, you know this as well as anybody having been around this industry for a number of years, let's just say. At the end of the day, the reason why we have securities investments is because we have $2 trillion of deposits and $1 trillion of loans. And so we got to do something with the money and that deposits are stable. They're core checking accounts. They're your core operating cash for commercial customers. So we put it to work to extract the value for the shareholders. And so, it's not that we lean the balance sheet. It's as we do all the work we do in the core franchise to grow the number of customers, 10% or 15% since pre-pandemic, and core consumer checking customers, to grow the commercial customer base, small business base, et cetera, that results in us having a balance sheet that is positioned to benefit in rising rates because we have so much zero cost deposits. And so we don't sit there and say, let's move the balance sheet. What we do is we try to protect in a cautious way all the risks. So we hedge the couple -- a year or so, 1.5 years ago. There were a lot of questions about, oh, my gosh, you're investing and rates are low. And we told people we hedge it, and now you're seeing the benefits of those hedges. That gave us NII from then until now to protect the capital, and that's what we did. So we're always trying to manage extracting the value deposits, give and then look to the other side and see the capital constraint question and the impact of capital, see other constraints on us. But it's really -- and we only invest in treasuries and mortgage-backed securities. We don't take a credit risk and materials in the treasury book for lack of a better term because we take enough of the end company. So I just don't -- we don't sit there and say, 'Let's move around.' It's just how do we invest this and we may move a little shorter or longer on what we invest in. But frankly, we swapped a lot of it to short just to protect ourselves so that we'd be able to redeploy to higher rates in the future.
Brian Moynihan: I think. We're growing through it because it has ways it's calculated that are not sensitive to our size, relative to the economy, stock price, all these kinds of things in it that move it around a little bit, but the reality is that wouldn't -- when we look at the core customer base, we wouldn't constrain core customer growth. We can always make efficiencies and move stuff around, and we saw -- believe it or not, as you can see in the other category of loans, which in that quarter, our franchise still left over, frankly, from 15, 17 years ago or have that was that we can let run off and stuff like that or sell out and stuff. But the reality is that the G-SIB buffer is growing because our customer franchise is getting bigger in a method of calculation does not adjust for business success, size of economy, stock market cap increase, all those things, which I think you have a pretty good favor of, Gerard. So we're going to have to retain 50 basis points more capital. So divide that 50 basis points by seven quarters and think about us pulling that through. The question of buffers to that number, yes, you should expect us to operate closer to that 10.75% just because, frankly, the number is getting so big that we've never had an issue of the size of capital implied by that buffer to the minimum regulatory minimum.
Brian Moynihan: And that capital – as the earning style of the franchise generated 15.5% return on tangible common equity this quarter, and we'll continue to go up -- continue to be strong based on NII improvement.
Brian Moynihan: And just the cash flow of the portfolio, even in a very low prepayment rate scenario, you got to remember people pay principal interest, people pass away and then people move irrespective of mortgage rates refinancing. And those numbers, all that cash can be redeployed at the higher rate structure. So, it turns a little faster than people think because everybody takes to zero prepayments, but the cash flow off of it is fairly significant. So, we'll redeploy that and walk back up the ladder. But -- and also remember, economically, if we don't market deposit, this is one of the great debates we've all had it not for accounting for banks. But the end of the day, the deposits are growing economically at a much faster rate than the degradation on the mortgage-backed portfolio.
Brian Moynihan: I think that's all our questions. Thank you for joining us again this quarter. It's a strong quarter by the team and I want to thank the team for all the great work they've done. At the end of the day, as we told you last quarter and a few quarters before that, the organic growth machine in Bank of America is driving hard, growing its market share, growing its deposits, growing its loans, and doing well in the market. We will accelerate the P&L from that growth with the higher rates, as we told you. We'll continue to hold expenses in check, driving operating leverage, and that will always be a focus to get the most efficient growth we can. The strong customer activity, which we spoke about, continues even in the first part of April here. And so that would end up drive -- it's good for our company to drive our earnings. So, thank you. We look forward to talking to you next time.
