Brian Moynihan: Thank you, Kevin and thank all of you for joining us on a busy day. In 2012, we laid out our four focused areas for the year: capital, managing our risks, reducing costs and driving our core business growth. In each area we achieved strong results this year and we’re carrying that momentum forward as we look into 2013. Let’s start on page four of our presentation. We positioned our company with a strong balance sheet this year. Estimated capital ratios now are above current Basel III requirements and we’ve seen improving credit quality. And as you know, we’ve addressed many legacy issues that Bruce will talk about later. As a result (inaudible) of the company, the team has driving all year to now showing through more clearly as we look forward. We positioned our company to driving our core customer relationship strategy. That strategy continues to accelerate our growth by simply helping those people we serve with the financial advice. We positioned our company by reducing costs making our operations leaner and more efficient and investing in our growth initiatives at the same time. We continue to streamline our businesses. We focus it on the three customer groups that we talk about on each call, people, companies, institutional investors. But on page five we highlight some of the progress we made in the last quarter and last year. On the consumer side, our deposits continue to grow. Our retail mortgage production has increased by an average of 10% per quarter over the past three quarters. The pipeline today remains as strong as it was at the end of the third quarter. As you know, we continue to optimize our service network, our branch network as online and mobile banking numbers continue to increase. We’re now averaging about 10,000 new mobile subscribers a day. In our preferred client area, the growth this year has been strong. Even today our brokerage assets in Merrill Edge were up 40% from a year ago. Moving to our wealth management business, U.S. trust and Merrill Lynch, those businesses had strong loan deposit, strong revenue growth this year and earnings and pretax margin were also at record levels. As we think about the companies, the corporations and middle market companies we serve across the country and around the world, our loan growth continues to expand, particularly in the second half of 2012. Global banking and let loans of $288 billion, up from $265 billion at the end of June. Investment banking fees for these clients are strong. We maintain our number two market position. In the fourth quarter we had a leadership position in debt underwriting. As we move to our global markets business which serves institutional investors, our research capabilities continue to be recognized as the best in the world for a second straight year. As we look at 2012, sales and trading revenue did well in a relatively difficult environment. In 2012, our trading revenues were up 20% from 2011 excluding the impacts of the DDA. And we did that while we reduced the cost in this business by over 10%. So thinking about it and looking across every customer group we serve, you can see our strategy that we put in place continues to drive results. We continue to fine tune the strong core franchise focusing on those industry leading capabilities we have to serve our clients and customers in every area. While we are doing that, we continue to work on expenses. Bruce is going to take you through the highlights in a few pages. But if you think about it from the top we reduced our delinquent mortgage count which allows us to reduce our LAS expenses. We reduced our employee in each quarter in the last five and we’ve done that while we continue to invest in our targeted growth areas. Our strategies continue to work, we’re seeing growth across all the core businesses. We’re seeing that momentum continue to accelerate. So as we look forward to 2013 we’re going to continue to drive this strategy and drive revenues of our company. Thank you. And I’ll turn it over to Bruce to take through the results in detail. 
Brian Moynihan: We would expect that -- the one thing that we’re being very cognizant of is that while we’re investing in the business, we’re not going to let inflation out-run the progress that we’re working on new BAC. So if you think on a net basis thinking about that $600 million from new BAC is a good assumption.
Brian Moynihan: I think it’s important when you look at the fixed business, to go back and look at the progress that we’ve made during 2012. If you look at fixed revenues 2012 compared to 2011, pre-DVA they were up 36% year-over-year. If you go back and look at each of our quarterly releases in 2012, in each quarter 2012 pre-DVA revenues were higher than 2011, at the same that we were taking costs out. The third thing I would say is that you’ve to realize that we run the fixed in overall debt underwriting business and look at that as one consolidated business and from a debt underwriting perspective at over $1 billion of revenue, we believe that was as I indicated earlier more than anyone else did this quarter on a global basis. And so we feel very good about that. You point on the VaR, is a fair one and we did see VaR increased during the fourth quarter, and we would expect to see the benefits of that VaR flow through during the first quarter this year.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think, the average earning asset levels that you probably at a level that you’re not going to see an enormous amount of growth. What we do hope that happens though is that the composition of those earning assets change so that we can look at and particularly in the institutional business that I mentioned, as well as in GWIM there was very strong loan growth during the fourth quarter. We are focused on continuing to drive that forward and that obviously reduces the need to invest in securities and other thing, and we think ultimately has a positive impact on NII and is also quite frankly consistent with managing OCI risk going forward.
Brian Moynihan: Paul, focusing it on the customers in our customer base is not real restricted into one or two household. There is plenty of market share to go. Our penetration of the product to -- in our preferred segment and our wealth management segment is still relatively low. So there is tremendous growth. But as you think about shape in the mortgage business, we’re kind of -- this quarter kind of moves -- starts moving announcing as we closed these servicing sales to where we end up maybe 5 million surplus loans going forward producing $20 billion and growing our core direct to retail, and that’s kind of what we want with the market share that steadily grows and that’s kind of the equilibrium and the same as we go. So the next challenge ahead is obviously while replacing the hard volumes over the next year, this year we had to replace the core fund of volume, next year we have to replace the hard volumes. The team is working diligently on that. It is really focused on the core customers, and if you think about the cost of servicing mortgages and stuff, we need to really focus on people that we’re very comfortable with credit and keep the delinquencies down and stay away from the stray products and just stay on volume. 
Brian Moynihan: It’s a good question, Glenn. When you look at and let’s just first spend a minute on Basel I. As I think you know that the majority of regular rate loans in Basel I are 100% risk weighted so that as you look at our $10 billion increase in risk weighted assets under Basel I it’s just generally speaking the net increase in our loan book. If you go to Basel III and I think you’re referring to slide 9, where we talk about the different reductions, why don’t I spend a moment on each of the buckets. The first is that we referenced that we had about $23 billion less through consumer real estate exposures and the way the Basel III works is that as opposed to these general risk weighted buckets, they look at loan to value delinquency and other type metrics. So during the quarter the $23 billion benefit we saw, we saw declines in the loan to value within our residential mortgage book, the percentage of loans that were 90 plus day delinquencies, each of those went down which I think in large part is reflective of the changes in the underwriting standards that we’ve talked about before that we implemented in the fourth quarter of ‘08 and first quarter of ‘09. The second thing is if you look at our home equity book, the delinquencies as well as the loan to value continued to improve there as well as the notional amount outstanding has also gone down, so we benefit there as well. And then the third bucket within consumer real estate are other retail exposures which generally represent the run-off portfolio that we talked about, that decreased during the quarter as well. So those three different buckets within the consumer exposure are what drove the $23 billion decline there. If you move to the $64 billion number that we referenced largely in market risk really go through a couple different areas where we had benefits. The first is we did have a pretty significant decline on a net basis of CBA stress VaR as well as our CRM risk weighted assets during the quarter. Over and above that, as you know that some of the securitization products cover very or have very high risk weighed asset content. We were able to incur -- fairly significantly decrease some of those securitization exposures. And during the quarter, the industry also got some guidance from a regulatory perspective on risk-weighted assets with certain securitization products that was favorable so that helped. And then, the last piece that we had is that there were some index tranches and other things within the markets business, which came down pretty significantly as well. So those were really the big items in the $64 billion bucket and then with respect to the $23 billion bucket. I want to spend just a moment on that because the $23 billion reduction is not a function of going in and changing models, the $23 billion is that each year when you update your models for actual loss experience, it drives changes in risk-weighted assets and given the strength and improvement across the credit portfolios in 2012, we benefited from that when the models were updated. As you look forward, I would just say looking forward I think we’re generally in a place now where we told you a couple quarters ago, the optimization on Basel 1 was largely done and the risk-weighted assets would vary pretty proportionately with the amount of loans. From a pure risk-weighted asset perspective, I think we’re largely through those reductions but keep in mind from a numerator or a common perspective going forward, we will benefit given our deferred tax position in that pretax number will generally grow capital on a pretax basis. And we still do have some threshold deductions, we can work down there.
Brian Moynihan: Well, there is not a permission aspect to it. It’s required that we update these on an annual basis. So that’s correct, Glenn.
Brian Moynihan: No, it’s not extending duration. If you look at our securities portfolio, we continue to run that duration in and around two years. What you have to keep in mind is that we had during the third quarter, you had some of the FAS 91 amortization expense. That flows through it and hits the yield on the securities portfolio. So we did not see a significant change in the actual yields during the quarter, it’s really more FAS 91. And I think as you look at our company going forward, I think we’re a little bit different in that between the fact that the duration of what we have continues to be short. As we look forward, we clearly think the worst of the recouponing of the securities portfolios behind us based on where rates are to that.
Brian Moynihan: I think I’d say that that we completed our results. We’re in a better position this year than last year and we’ll let you know once we get through the test. I think it’s -- the Fed is doing it’s work and -- but we’ve included people that -- here the issue for us is not necessary capital levels, balance sheet cleanup and stuff, it is the issues of occurring earnings levels, consistent on that and we’ll let you know once we get there. But Bruce and the team have done a great job on submitting it and we will see what happens.
Brian Moynihan: If you look at what we did in 2012, we took capital and redeemed preferred instruments and subordinated debt and other things and continued to do that during the year, we’d be getting approval to do so as we went along. So we’ve been clear to all the capital that we have now that we’re above the levels, we will be in a position when we get the approvals to return to the shareholders. And there will be points of the relative preferences of the CCAR process in terms of dividends versus stock buybacks and things like that. So we would be no different than anybody else. But it’s clear it’s either on the balance sheet, tangible book value, it’s not needed for the risk of the balance sheet as you can see that with all the risk weighting and everything, there capital is there. And all get returned as part of the business proposition. If we retain and need to grow, that’s actually a good problem and I did but so far we have -- still have optimization left in the balance sheet as Bruce described, that will allow to return capital. Our intention is that -- the question is we’ve got to get to the process and then we will do it. 
Brian Moynihan: The number was slightly less than 300. It rounded to that number. But in any one quarter in that business, you have some plusses and some minuses that are flowing through. So you’re right, the $1 billion though is starting from a $3.1 billion base. Let’s be clear. We are still working through. We signed the sales transaction January 7th working through the buyers and timing of the movement of the assets and finalizing that, then how fast you can move. There is transition issues that you got to deal with in terms of people or intermittently modification process and stuff. So, but let me flip to the other thing. This quarter the total resources you saw on one slide dedicated to LAS went down by 9,000 between FTEs and contractors that are dedicated to this team. We will continue to drive that down. There is nothing more important to our company than to get this done as quickly as possible. So, Bruce has given you the outline and whether it’s in this called item or that item, the idea is that we need to get the work out of here and that’s would actually take the cost and the sales closing the continued progress on the remaining pieces that we have left. But think about, say single quarter, 9,000 change in headcount and think about -- we’re going as fast as we can.
Brian Moynihan: Our market share overall when you put the whole thing together I think has gone up about two tenths of a percent per quarter is the best I have and remember we are only competing in the direct-to-consumer part of the market. So I think it’s moved from 4.2 to 4.4 to 4.6 type of numbers. And so we expect us to keep driving our market share up. Now again we’ve got the HARP volumes which is in the $21 billion, this quarter is $7 billion to $8 billion type of number think of that, that we got to replace. And so that’s the team challenge and on the other hand we are not closing loans as quickly as we should honestly and we’ve been adding significant resources as we have downsized LAS into the home loans business to increase our fulfillment capacity. So you put all of it together, our market share continues to grow every quarter, the last three or four, we’ll continue to drive it. Where it will settle in, I’m not exactly sure but as I have talked about earlier that’s if you think about us having about -- think of an 8% share of servicing, we got to get our origination share moving towards that direction over the next couple of years in order to have sort of equilibrium for lack of better term.
Brian Moynihan: Well, look, to the issues in liquidity in the market and the kind of loans going through, the issue was when we -- they happen to correspond to each other but they had really nothing to each other. The issue is we stopped the correspondents. As you thought about our market share, when it was at its strongest in the high teens, two-thirds of it or more were correspondents. And that’s what brought our share down, the retail market share is actually -- from this year our direct to retail including even HARP, it’s flat year over year in terms of production and fell little bit and has grown every quarter. So we’re selling to Freddie and we will work it out with Fannie over time but the point I am really saying is it’s not the secondary market liquidity that caused our markets to drop, it’s getting out of the correspondent business.  And if you just look in this quarter, remember there is a 6.5 billion last year fourth quarter versus this quarter -- this year fourth quarter was in the correspondent that was a carryover when we quit it in the third quarter, at the same time we announced that we’re going to stop the thing.
Brian Moynihan: Of the volumes there we continue investments in the servicing fulfillment teams, we moved to -- Tony Meola has done a great job and Ron Sturzenegger in that business working through LAS has now taken over sort of the good side of production along with a fellow named Steve Boland, Dean Athanasia in the retail and the preferred group under David Darnell drives the production side. We have added mortgage loan officers every single quarter focused them on the branches that we’re seeing a tremendous uptick when we get them working with our teammates. We’re better or more connected as a company and cross things, and so we’ve seen it, and we are investing both on the front end and on the servicing and fulfillment, the middle office so to speak. And we moved I think 4000 increase this year so far to fulfillment and we will move some -- we will continue to move them because ultimately this -- the retail production side is a good business right now. 
Brian Moynihan: So as we think about starting in 2009, Nancy, we started to reposition that business because it’s gotten too far into the broader credit and that’s the crisis, remember we charged off $60 billion, $70 billion in that business. We start repositioning it, we’ve got about now where we wanted. In other words, we have a definitive group of businesses that’s very core and we like a lot. And we have the core business. So this quarter I think we did 840,000 cards and about 350,000 more or less through the franchise and another 700 some thousand I think online. So we’re producing what we need to do. Balances grew point to point, got to be careful for the fourth quarter you get a little kick around Christmas obviously. But if you look at it, we look across the last few quarters and (inaudible) we get out this quarter, we are holding around 14-ish percent market share which is fine. So now the question is we pushed a little bit hard on the, and I use the broad context marketing, not direct mail market but marketing driving to the franchise. So what we have done to position the credit quarterly, well it’s a much more repayment business, now 19% plus pay rate which is basically up from 14, probably six or eight quarters ago. And so it’s a higher quality business, it’s drilled the core customer base, the one to three card and the rewards card we have drilled up the core platform are working well on the retail segments and then obviously in the wealth management segment, we have a greater rate of products. So we are -- I would say that we got to where we wanted now, it’s stabilized the run-off book that we are fighting on our growth basis down to $3.5 billion, down from 15. I think they should start to see some growth but it will take -- it’s going to bump around to where it is right now for few quarters. But I’d say there’s nothing wrong with business and we’re making a fair amount of money right now. The risk adjusted margin is its highest it’s ever been.
Brian Moynihan: I want to think, Mike, it was somewhere between 9 and 11 basis points. I just don’t have the exact number.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah. I think a couple of things on that, Mike. First, I think from our perspective, the $8.5 billion Gibbs & Bruns settlement is going through the court process, would likely get wrapped up some time in the second quarter or early in the third quarter and that’s completely independent from what’s going on at MBIA. With respect to MBIA in the broader monolines, as we’ve said before generally, if you look at geography within the financial statements, the majority of the work that we do and where the monolines are accrued for at this point is within the litigation line item as opposed to within our provision for reps and warranties. And the third thing I would say is that as it relates to kind of the general rep and warrant question. I think the most important thing to go back to is that, virtually -- the large majority of everything that was done with the GSEs at this point between our global settlement with Freddie and Countrywide, and our global settlement with both Countrywide and Bank of America with the GSEs just takes away a significant amount of risk relative to where we’ve been before.
Brian Moynihan: You’ve got the, as I referenced, you’ve got the several monolines that we’re working through on a litigation prospective and then you’re right, you’ve got the private-label piece. And I think, if you got back to the comments that we’ve made about the geography, the representations and warranties, you can see we have a pretty sizable amount set aside to work through the private-label exposures.
Brian Moynihan: That, Mike, I mean, we could, I think, we think about this litigation goes back and forth, and the judge has a lot of decisions to make a lot of cases, and we’ll play it out here, but we’re comfortable our legal positions across the Board.
Brian Moynihan: I think what you -- what I would suggest you do on that, I’m not going to quote somebody else’s financial statements. But I think you can go look on MBIA’s financial statements and see how much that they believe that we’re owed and that they are owed from us, that’s disclosed in their financial statement. So you can look at that and then the corollary is I think you have to keep in mind that there is a significant amount of money that they owe us within our Global Markets business that’s very significant that we have marked it cents on the dollar.
Brian Moynihan: I think the biggest thing Guy, that you have to go back to is that you have seen that the different reports that it’s -- the people are looking at these amounts based on not only the amount of debt but also the amount of equity that you have on the balance sheet. So if you go and look at our ratios, we obviously as far as the amount of pure common equity and other equity related instruments on the balance sheet now are more than virtually all of our peers and because of the way through the series of mergers that happened, our debt footprint on an absolute basis as well as on a relative basis is higher than our peers. So as we look at this and as we talk about going forward, I think we still have a lot of work to do and opportunity to get our interest expense down through shrinking the size of the debt footprint and just bringing it down to where the rest of the industry is. So we can’t predict with certainty where this goes but we know as we look at the different ratios and the different metrics, we still have some opportunity to continue to benefit the interest expense line, just to get to where our peers are from an overall debt and equity perspective.
Brian Moynihan: On the LAS, I don’t think you’d see it. In the new BAC, it’s net of the cost of achieving the results, which -- as well as your technology implementation cost and if you look at our technology development costs over the last few years, we’ve gone from about to $2 billion and change to $3.6 billion per year. And the investments we’re making in new BAC are investments in the franchise. In other words, to get the efficiencies we have re-embedded in there as the rework of our entire trading platform systems and things like that. So, we aren’t investing to get the savings, but investing to also strengthen the franchise at the same time. So, it’s all netted in there.
Bruce Thompson: I think as you look at that number and if we keep LAS out of this, obviously that the big new savings bucket that we have is new BAC. We’d indicated that we are on a quarterly basis at $900 million a quarter. As we leave 2012 we expected that our new BAC cost savings when we get to the fourth quarter of ‘13 will be at $1.5 billion per quarter. So you could expect to see on a core basis of new BAC of about $600 million increase from where we leave 2012 to where we leave 2013. 
Bruce Thompson: But the seasonal stuff that you’re going Q4 to Q4 you’d expect the seasonal stuff to be there, but as we indicated we looked at and for this quarter relative to the third quarter there was $300 million to $400 million of stuff that we would characterize as seasonal.
Bruce Thompson: It does not John, because I think the one thing when we announced these sales but you have to realize is that, it’s very important that the transition of the loans that are being sold work through a process in going away that as consumer friendly as we can do it. So there is a lot of work that goes through that. So as we look at the servicing business that does not include in any meaningful way incremental sales there maybe some small ones or above that. And at the same time, somebody could come and look to do something as well, but at this point I would consider that 150 to be more organic reduction.
Bruce Thompson: I would assume that you should generally expect it to come out throughout the year. It’s not something you’re going to have to wait for the fourth quarter to say.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah. I’m hesitant John to give you specific numbers in the quarter. What I would say is that, we gave you guidance is to how much of the fourth quarter with seasonal that we obviously wouldn’t expect in the first quarter. You’ve got the 900 of stock compensation expense that will come through, expect to see a little bit of benefit in the first quarter as we continue to implement new BAC and probably the biggest variable that you could see in the first quarter that I didn’t mention is really compensation expense that varies based on actual business performance. But I think if you think and look at those different metrics you get pretty close.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah. I mean, if you look back over course of 2012, absent any settlements or any unusual activity, you had a run rate throughout the quarter of around $300 million per quarter in 2012. And with the Fannie settlement, as well as obviously the fact that Freddie was settled at Countrywide, you’d expect that number to be $150 million or so going forward.
Bruce Thompson: Excluding any of that and realize that we’ve got a couple less days in the first quarter of this year.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, the reason is it dropped by that amount is that and you saw it in the third as well as the fourth quarter that some of the DOJ AG settlement modification and other things, that is as you dispose, get repaid or write off the purchase credit impaired portfolio, it reduces your loan loss reserve.
Bruce Thompson: I’d make a couple of observations on that. The first is that at 9.25% today regardless of required SIFI buffers, we have more on the Basel III basis than anyone else. The second thing I would say is that given the position that we are in, in fact, we do have on PTAs going forward, the rate at which we accrue capital given that it’s on a pre-tax basis, we would expect to be more significant than our peers. So I think going forward we still think we have the opportunity as core earnings rebound, grow capital more quickly than our peers. As it relates to the exact level, we’ve always looked at and thought that you would want to run at least an extra 50 basis point cushion given that these ratios are more sensitive to changes in the market depending on what the market looks like at the time your ratio. You may vary that a little bit based on the market but I would say generally if we look at the -- what we saw in the third quarter, what we saw today that we’re generally in the range of where you expect us to run. And as we look out at and see how our counterparties from a credit perspective view the company now and look at our credit spreads we feel like we’re doing the right things right now.
Bruce Thompson: So, if you go back and look what we did in the beginning of ‘11 when we split, we split our portfolio into two thought processes, our mortgage servicing portfolio. We split a chunk into what we called the home loans at that point and a chunk into what we called LAS. And it was about round numbers $11 million, $12 million of loans at that time, half went to LAS and half went to home loans. And the criteria which we look at that was customers’ products and loans and stuff that were going to be a go-forward business, we think of in the home loans business and the other half was products that were never going to be done again. And the way we’re going to run the business because, frankly you lose a lot of money on them due to the delinquency levels and customer strike et cetera. So since that time we have -- and if you go back and look, we showed that exact rate. Since that time, we’ve been busily trying to work the $6 million non-core loan book portfolio down and we got it down around $2.5 million-ish now and with the sales to $2 million, not all of it comes out that because of combined pools and stuff but a significant amount. We are really accelerating the ability to get to the end state on the bad mortgage servicing book for lack of better return. And that is what we’re up to. We had gotten at the level from a capital level and all that stuff we’re comfortable with. And so once we get this out -- these are products that we just aren’t going to continue with and we’ve been focusing on rebuilding the business into the core business as I spoke about earlier. So, if you think about in that context, think about something that might have taken us all the way into ‘15 to finish up and think about through the sales of the significant part of the $2.5 million, how much we can -- the question is, we are bringing that in into ‘13 and nearly ‘14 as we finish up which then accelerates our position of our company away from products and services which we didn’t plan to continue two years ago.
Bruce Thompson: Yeah, I think generally we’re in that 40% area from a compensation perspective, and obviously given the performance and where we are we need to be competitive with where peers are. But I don’t think you’d really see that changed materially during the course of 2012. 
