Paul Donofrio: So obviously, we talked about in the prepared remarks the transition that we're going through in the rate environment. I would just remind everybody we had 18 consecutive quarters of positive operating leverage. And admittedly, it's a little bit more difficult to achieve operating leverage given the decline in interest rates last year, and the associated impact on NII.As I said though, assuming a more stable rate environment, we would expect NII to return to growth in the second half of 2020 driven by loan and deposit growth. And remember NII is not directly linked to expenses the way other revenue is in, for example, investment banking, sales and trading, wealth management. We run and invest in the company for the long-term sustainability and for growth, and by the way these investments over many years lay the foundation for operating leverage.So having said all that, we're not blind to changes in the operating environment, but we are also not managing rigidly to quarterly financial metrics. We are focused on the things that we can control like driving like client activity, deposits, loans, investments, and efficiency improvements through our focus on operational excellence. So if things change, we'll adjust, but currently we feel our client activity and market share gains continue to support our investment plans in the near term.
Paul Donofrio: I think it's more a reflection of responsible growth, and how we run, how we're focused on the customer, and how we're focused on total revenue, and not necessarily NII or fees. When you look at card balances, they certainly reflect a couple of items that we talked about, and it certainly reflects our focus more on profitability. First, we've been reevaluating some relationship prospects who are just looking to gain rewards or take a short-term – take short-term advantage of promo balances. So clearly that's affected balances a little bit.Also with less promo balances, the percentage of the portfolio paying off each month has risen a bit. I think what you see though, if you look at our risk-adjusted margin, that's up 25 basis points year-over-year to 8.7% if you adjust out the 4Q gains we had last year, and we continue to have more than million cards each month again with a focus on profitability of new accounts. So I think that line is going to start to grow from here.
Paul Donofrio: Well in your first point we are originating mortgages and putting 94% of them, I think this quarter on the balance sheet. That will continue to trend that we've been doing for many quarters now. We'll see how that develops over the long-term. But for now, that's our plan.Clearly, we consider the effect on liquidity, we consider the effect on capital balancing, returning capital with growing the balance sheet. Those loans don't really have a high amount of CECL impact. So but I'm not saying we're going to never change what we're doing there. In terms of CECL, I think we've given you the guidance that we're comfortable with.We would expect provision to be a little higher than net charge-offs in 2020, and due to CECL, we've been running – when you back everything out, we've been running net charge-offs at approximately $1 billion a quarter. We don't see that changing much in the future, and when you just factor CECL into that, it means that our provision's going to have to be a little bit higher than net charge-offs.
Paul Donofrio: I think it's about loan and deposit growth and its about deposit pricing discipline. On deposit pricing, we planned some modest reductions in deposit pricing, assuming no further cuts, as we continue to bring deposit pricing to an appropriate level, given the three cuts that we've experienced.If the forward curve materializes and we get another short end cut, we expect deposit rate paid for the industry, and for us to decline even further, as higher pass-through products in Wealth Management Global Banking react relatively quickly to any rate cut. So it's about the confidence we have and how we price our products, and the confidence we have in growing deposits and growing loans.The guidance is more about – we have an one less day in Q1 we've got to deal with. We have the second quarter. Normal activity that we see in equities, which again, that's a plus, that just shows up in non-interest income instead of interest income. And by the time you get to the third quarter, we would expect, assuming the current sort of economic environment, we would expect our loan and deposit growth, the lack of that seasonality, the deposit pricing to have an effect and we'll start growing again.
Paul Donofrio: I think if you look at Page 9, when you have rate movement due to the types of things that are – reestablish the reserve levels by the Federal Reserve, et cetera, et cetera that's going to affect the lower – our markets business in the lower right hand, and banking, stuff like that.But it really doesn't have that much of an impact in the Wealth Management and the Consumer Banking area, and that's really what drives the value. So for the $700 billion odd dollars in the consumer business, which grew checking at 8% year-over-year, and that's fairly consistent with what they've been doing.Remember, that its 11 basis point all-in, including the interest bearing part of, which also grew year-over-year. So that $700 million a year in total interest expense for $700 million of deposits. That's what drives the economics, and then Wealth Management Global Banking, also but – and so that isn't really affected by all the sort of broad macroeconomic variables.That's just us doing a great job with consumers. The great customer satisfaction, great product capabilities, high touch, high tech and then generating more and more checking accounts, where the average balance per checking account is $7,000 plus and growing, and that's what's going to drive it.So I'd say you're absolutely right. There can be momentary things that would enhance deposit growth in some of the pure institutional businesses. But it doesn't make much difference to the general U.S. consumer.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So on credit, I'd start by saying that we are always running through the portfolio, routinely analyzing various sectors, bringing it to senior management, discussing it. So we've got a real great process for always looking for some risks that are on the horizon. As you know, we've been running the company with strong underwriting standards for years now. You see that in our CCAR results. So I mean, I hesitate to sort of pick one sector or another because we noticed stuff out in the marketplace, but it may not affect us directly given how we've run the company for years now.But if you're looking for some sectors that we're paying attention to, not that we think we're overly concerned about them given how we've managed the company. But we're certainly paying attention to leverage loan market, leverage lending. We're certainly paying attention to energy with respect to natural gas prices. We are certainly looking at retail with respect to enclosed malls. We've got our eye on – always have our eye on spots around the world that maybe experiencing a little disruption. So that's how I'd answer that question.
Paul Donofrio: I mean I'll start on I guess buffers and you can – Brian, you might want to pick up on the dividends or buybacks. But look today, as you point out, we have a meaningful cushion. So it's really not an issue for us right now. In terms of what our ultimate buffer is going to be, when we don't have as much of a cushion, we haven't really talked about that publicly, because we don't think it makes sense today to prejudge what a buffer needs to be, given the size of the current question and given – as you mentioned, regulations, SCB other things are still changing, and lots of things can affect that buffer, when we get there. But I would just emphasize, we have a sizable buffer right now.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. If you look at the run-off chart on the loan page there, in the upper right hand corner, you see that – we basically have gotten really to the point where that's now natural run off, will – there won't be any sales of major impacts for purposes that we were doing before to – we continue to move loans, on which we weren't getting any income on, because of their status in terms of restructuring and things like that out and cleaning the portfolio up. So that's just smaller, so I think that helps the overall nominal growth for the company.
Brian Moynihan: I think, Glenn, just to be – with Paul's lost point – production of new customers taking the card product from us and the usage continues to grow, so we had 1 million plus new cardholders. We still have a lot of room to go from a two-thirds type of penetration of customer base and then how many people use it as a primary card. So we really focus a lot on that, and while we're focused on that, generating new customers who are surfing is not exactly the strategy. So it's a mix of profitability, but also really sticking to that core holistic customer strategy.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So think about it in two dimensions. One, inside the Wealth Management business, is a very large bank. So if rates stable here from here, then the loan-to-deposit growth, which have been strong will then pick up that, and that's very leveraged to the margin – contribute to the margin. That's one point. So you are going through the same twist in that business and with the 75 basis point drop in rates in this very late part of last few months of 2019. So that's no different than many other situations, so that will mitigate and go forward.If you think about the other side of the question, which is sort of, can you get it higher, you've got the basic thing, the way that the compensation system runs from a way of presentation is you've got 50% of revenue. Round numbers goes into the compensation. So you're basically making $0.30 on the other $0.50 in profit margin, which is a pretty strong margin. So it has all the opportunities along the dimensions, which is a [indiscernible] set of things that we've got to go after, which is – if you think about the Merrill Edge assets growing in the MEGI portfolio, which is over $4 billion and growing 30%, 50% a year type of things.As they grow, and the products are available to Andy's to whole team of FAs, that provides additional efficiency. And then you think about the digitization of that customer base in both private bank and wealth in Merrill Lynch, which is the least penetrated of all the customer base in terms of digital statements and things like that, we can drive the margins that way. Then the physical plant, we continue to increase the density of the physical plant with other physical plant in various cities and towns, consolidating offices and getting people in a common space that saves money.So there is a lot of way we can work on digitization, physical plant efficiency, adding more financial advisors to have more scale in contributing the overhead which then generates more margin. So you're working – it's pretty good to make $0.60 – 60% of your margin after comp, and we're not changing the comp system, but there's a lot of things forward, and I think we can continue to improve them.It would appear to be easier or if, in fact, rates stay stable and drive loan growth, which is what our projection is, and if rates start rising again, we will look like heroes in terms of margin, but we've been able to sustain it even in a falling rate environment.
Brian Moynihan: I think each category – if you think about the broad categories where most of them come through, the strategy in the consumer business has been to reduce reliance over the last decade plus on penalty fees and things like that, we kind of hit status quo on that. In other words, we brought it down significantly from Reg E and all that stuff is kind of done, the interchange in the consumer fee areas, the card income stuff that's through the system at this point. The rewards impact that, but you get the benefit back in a preferred rewards system through the ability to have that stable margin.So I think we should see those fees, which have gotten to a point where they ought to grow marginally. But remember, that part of the strategy is to invest in our client base, loyalty to our company and our products. And so they’ll be modest because of the NII growth. Think about 8% growth in checking balances year-over-year in consumer. That is helped driven by people consolidating a relationship with you, which you pay back to the reward system through the card usage. So it's always going to be that.When you go to wealth management, you tell me what the market is going to do and you'll see that it will be heavily influenced there that should grow faster. As you know, trading as Paul said, isn't as volatile as people want it to – discuss it, but on the other hand, there's compression on the fee side. So each line items has a different element. Treasury services revenue is up, I think, at the high-single digits. But the fee line piece of it's flattish, that's because people are paying us through balances.So I think that Steven, a guy like me who has been around banks for a long time, the differentiation between types of revenue fee versus spread is becoming harder as the business models have morphed them together in just terms of total revenue. So we ought to go revenue slightly faster than the economy and have the expenses grow below that by couple hundred basis points, and we've been able to do that, and as this twist in rates ends this quarter, you'll see us get back on track, as we move through 2020.
Brian Moynihan: You always have to remember that the – not on the last part, but on the first part. At the end of day, the reason why we have securities and mortgage-backed securities and treasuries is simple. When you're doing $60 billion in deposit growth and your loan balances grew by $10 billion or $20 billion, the other half has to go to be invested somewhere and you're raising this money in all-in costs in the 40 basis points of deposit pricing across the whole board, and a lot of it's coming in non-interest.You're not going to turn down that good customer activity and we don't take credit risk in that part of the portfolio, because we take enough credit risk around the rest of the company. And so the strategy on the investment side, mortgage backs had put with treasuries and think that as just excess liquidity on mortgages.Paul told you that, we've been putting on the balance sheet, because they're better yielding than mortgage-backed securities and frankly, our credit risk is better than the mortgage-backed securities' availability. So why would we pay for somebody else for taking that risk.
Brian Moynihan: So let me paraphrase a little bit. But it's a delectation to be able to run this company with all the power and have the honor doing it for decades. So we just passed a decade with the team, and they've done a great job. But what you point out, as they've done a great job of putting the position.So if you look at the operating efficiency of the Consumer business or the Wealth Management business or the Banking business, which we show separately from the markets business, so you can see, these are 38%, 40% efficiency ratios here, 45% here. It's how can you improve.And Betsey what I'd say is, we just don't know how far this digitization of the actual processes and work goes in the company, and we just keep coming up. We had 6,000 simplified improved ideas over the last few years we've implemented. They continue to produce great savings. And so, we just don't see an end of that. And so leave aside that the economy is growing at a sub-2% level predicted at 20%, we decided that the rate environment is low, we've been able to push forward the activities that can produce more efficiency, and we think that there is a lot ahead of us.And so we'd say nice start to our team, saying thanks for all the hard work you've done. But also, we're only getting started here, and if you start thinking about – we just passed, the number of checking accounts that we had in 2007 in this company this quarter.And so, we ran off all the non-primary accounts, but on our primary accounts, the average balance of $7,000. If you think about the cost of deposits and consumer, I think it went down by 4 basis points year-over-year something like that. So it's a grind, and it's a lot of hard work, but the incremental efficiency that we can get at this scale, by these investments and by the digitization and the further taking out of activity which costs more.Another example is checks written, since Zelle became really pushed out there about two years ago, has started dropping 10% per year. So five years ago, we had almost $1 billion checks written by consumers, and now we're down to $600 million. Each one of those checks is a piece of paper that requires processing time, and you're seeing that drop by 10% a year.Is that going to change overnight, where they're gone? Absolutely not. But on the other hand, it's constant positive operating pressure benefit for us. So look for us to improve it across the board, your colleague earlier asked about the Wealth Management business, we think we have upside there. Andy and Katy and the teams are working on it. There is lot of process simplification that we've worked on hard, but there's a lot ahead of us.And then you get the markets business, the electronification effect will make it more and more efficient over time, like we've seen in equities. As you know though, that's a market price business, so that you always fighting the revenue changes at the same time and in fact, if you look at most of this from four, five years ago, we actually had the same amount of trading profits we had then.We just turned it into this quarter, $600 million of profit, generally $1 billion of profit, when it's getting a little bit better in the earlier quarters and the activity is higher. That's a good business. It's just you're fighting both sides of equation. So look for us to improve everything. There is room to improve, tremendous scale advantages. The new markets opening up provide extra lift and it's our job to do it and the team is excited too.
Brian Moynihan: I'd just add to that, your question and John's question go the same direction, which is – you've got this quarter and the first couple of quarters because of the dynamics, Paul just described that. You have to push through, but what we see is getting back on, as we move into the middle of 2020. We're back on that basic operating leverage through NII stability to growth and expense flatness. So but it just takes a lot to get underneath 75 basis point rate cut in four months.
Brian Moynihan: So one of the things that just in our efficiency ratio compared to other people or 58% for the year, but remember that we have a lot more wealth management at 30% – or 28%, 29% profit, pre-tax margin i.e. 71% efficiency ratio than anybody else does. That changes that answer relative to some of our core banking peers.It's just a bigger, bigger number, because we have the biggest business for $3 trillion in assets, making $1 billion a quarter after tax at the best margins, but it's just the sheer math. So when you look at it by business unit by business unit, our efficiency is the tops in the class, just our mix is different. So I'll let you figure that out, Mike.But back to your tech spend, we spent $3.2 billion or $3 billion in 2018, the same in 2019, we have it scheduled to be the same this year. It's just – this constant level of spending. Now its different products obviously every year, that's pure technology initiatives. You put that on top of the backbone and everything, and the number of people could talk about be higher.But that is just to drive new products and capabilities and through the system, and we aren't changing that, because that's what's driving that ability to keep expenses flat. If you look across the chart, Paul showed you when you see 2017, 2018 and 2019 in the expenses per quarter running $13.1 billion, $13.3 billion et cetera, think about how much we've done in there, in terms of hundreds of new branches. 1,300 or so, complete redos, new buildings for our teammates in Wealth Management, et cetera, et cetera. And so that – those are tremendous investment levels that are all in the run rate, while we're chopping away, and that's coming from the operational excellence.So we're spending that much on technology, but the question isn't spend, Mike, it's are you getting the usage out of it, and that's where you got to look at things like the usage of Zelle, which we're going to 80%, 90% a year, the use of the cash per mobile which grew over 100% a year that usage what I talked about in checks written coming down.Even I talked about, that we have 4,300 branches, but in there, we've actually opened up to new markets over the last couple of years. 15 branches to 20 branches et cetera and continue to do that. So the efficiency, in the rest of markets funds that, even though your numbers of branches are relatively flattish. So we're coming down slightly. So it's a complex set of things, but hopefully that gives you some color.
Brian Moynihan: It's $3.3 billion. So it's in the run rate. And last year – and it will be the like amount this year. So could you take half of that out? You could, it'd just be not the right thing to do for the Company, but it's paid for by the other – the cost takeout that supports or the mix in how the customer uses, which provides efficiencies, so more than 50% of our auto loans are originated digitally today.I think we did something like $4 billion or $5 billion of mortgage originations. So its – we're reaping the benefits of it, Mike, three years hence, is the investments we made in 2017, as you go into 2020 are produced – for example digital auto did not exist, and now you are getting 58%. Just think how much more efficient that processes is. Digital Mortgage...
Brian Moynihan: Yes. The $3 billion plus, obviously with Brexit behind us with – by the regulatory environment rules behind us in terms of implementing the CCAR and the capital rules and then lot of modeling, and you're still spending money improving that data to make those models work. That's gone.The only thing that works against that is – so yes, if you thought about how much is going to sort of new business initiatives, the mobile banking, feature functionality, it's higher in 2020 than it was in 2019 than it was in 2018, largely around this issue that you are running off some of these long-term projects, which is good.
Brian Moynihan: So that was kind of checks written by our customers, which is this good point, because that stops the thing before it starts. But it basically, if you look at deposit, which I think is what you're referring to, Gerard, we are now more mobile than we are at the branches and have been for about five quarters, and then the ATMs are still half, the mobile is a little over like 27% or something like that, and branches are the rest. So if you think about that, that is $5 in physical movement, $0.50 and $0.05. $0.50 at the ATM and $0.05 round numbers.
Brian Moynihan: In terms of dividend versus buyback. Yes, we will keep increasing the dividend as we move up to sort of the 30% level and earnings payout, we've been clear about that. And then the rest will go into reducing the share count. And if you look at the page we showed you earlier, part of the issue was – the share count was a lot higher than people expected sort of in the 2009 timeframe, after the Merrill transaction.So we're pushing that back down, and we think that's a good use of our capital. We don't need the capital to fund the loan growth and deposit growth, you're seeing us able to do that through continuing to fine-tune the balance sheet. And so expect us to move the dividend up, consistent with what we've done before, assuming CCAR approval and all that good stuff.But the idea is we will keep it at a level that allows us to use the share buyback, to help drive the EPS growth, and you saw the benefits of that year-over-year, in an environment where, the rate movements made earnings flatten in the second half of the year. What you saw was, EPS year-over-year was up double-digits, because we can retire the shares. And so we think that's the best thing to do for the shareholders.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. So look, growth in our Business segments should continue to be kind of mid-single-digits. As you know, we grew 6% this quarter. Both consumer and GWIM grew at 7%, driven by increased residential mortgage activity, Global Banking grew 6% year-over-year and that was driven by large corporates, middle market companies, leasing activity and solid growth in international regions. So pretty broad-based.We anticipate solid growth in consumer loans, assuming the current economic environment, as well as the sort of pull-through of applications through – mortgage application through the pipeline. With respect to card, we've already talked a little bit about that. We expect that we can start growing card over time here. With respect to residential mortgages, originations were strong this quarter. They were up significantly.So that's going to translate to solid Q1 growth. However, you have to remember that that's going be partially offset by continued run-off of the non-core portfolio. We expect our growth to be up modestly year-over-year. We expect solid growth in small business, and remember, in all these categories that I'm talking about, we remain focused on prime and super-prime and on commercial loans, our outlook remains favorable, again growth year-over-year should be in sort of mid single-digits. So that's how I'd run through it.
Brian Moynihan: That's what we're doing. If we keep expenses flat and the basis of the premise was if the revenue grows, PDP plus, that's 200 basis points of operating leverage and that will keep producing the efficiency ratio by definition. So you're stating what our job is, and we've been able to do it and we'll continue to.
Brian Moynihan: Well thank you all of you for your attention on the call. We finished another strong year in 2019 for the team, and they did a great job growing the earnings, doing it the right way, making the investments across the franchise.As we say, it's a nice start. We'll continue to focus on responsible growth. We've got a lot of room to run in this company. Every business had good client activity. The loan, deposit, underlying customer growth at the size and scale this institution, tremendous work by our teammates, and all that helped us provide stable performance, with a rate cut that came through relatively late in the year. So we feel good about that, and we feel good about working through the other side of it, as Paul described earlier.We are focused on the costs, as many of you asked about. But we're focused on continuing to develop and implement products and services, which meet the markets' needs and continue to help us grow our market share across every business at the rate we're doing it, which we think is an opportunity, which is ours to continue to take. Thank you.
