Brian Moynihan: If you think about it, think about two different things going on, Glenn. First, the largest improvement you're going to see over the next 24 months will be as we crest over the -- go over the crest on this mortgage servicing side for the delinquent assets and start to take those costs out. And likewise other places in the company, those similar costs exists. So that -- if you remember what we showed you is we showed you we had 70,000 human beings dedicated in the Mortgage business, including the contractors, 50,000 full time employees. We've gone from about 5,000 to 8,000 people who service six days in out loans to a total of 30,000 over the last several quarters, and again, 2,500, 2,600 again this quarter, 2,700 this quarter. So one of the things you'll see as we continue to get through the bubble of foreclosures, as delinquency come down, you really have a bodywork to get through. We had to stop the foreclosure. We restarted them. As we get through that, that will come down over the next several quarters. But we're talking about -- we knew we're going to get that, and so that we have identified, that's why we isolated it, and we'll get that out. What we also need to do is just to continue to -- look, we sold 19 or 20 different pieces of the company off. We have built up a lot of stuff for businesses that’s no longer here. We have built processing and stuff when the company was a different company. We bought a lot of new enterprises. Our Six Sigma capabilities that we had put in because we bought in over 100,000 different associates who were new to all that. We had to step back, and take a look at every aspect of work in the company, work that doesn't benefit the customers or associates have to be taken out. That process is a process many companies use, and I've used it early in my career, but the process is in two phases. The first phase finishes late this fall; the second phase finishes early in the spring. And so we'll begin implementing as soon as we have ideas. That'll take a little longer as we go through. That is not stopping us from also doing things like in the branch team that I talked about. We are down 200 branches, down 50 this quarter. Round numbers, the cost of deposits ratio that we showed you at Investor Day dropped 260 basis points, which we think leads the industry by a lot. That includes the FDIC expense, the whole nine yards in there. So as you think about, we continue on the core assets we do on cost. The other benefits will come through a little slower as the bad assets get better and the work gets done in the program.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, in the valuations on MSR for the last couple of quarters has been a charge to increase servicing costs, which decrease your cash flow, Glenn, and that's embedded in that valuation. We're carrying 92 basis points or so, which is a conservative value, we believe, but embedded in that, in the performance in that last couple of quarters have been roughly $500 million each quarter, $450 million or so each quarter for that. And that we have to price through to the Street, for lack of a better term, because the increased amount of work you have to do to service the mortgage loan, ultimately, we have to get paid.
Brian Moynihan: Think about that order as being announced on Wednesday, but actually the work took place in October, November, December, the assessments and the supervisor works we've implemented, and that's why we've been adding people. So the single point of contact, the requirements on the signing of affidavits in the foreclosure process, that's been embedded in our run rate as we've been building up. And so that did impact in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter evaluation of the MSR, because we already were getting ahead of this. These are things that we identified in the work that we did in self-assessment, and the regulators identified other improvement. So the run rate aspect, that will have some elements to it, but a lot of it's in the system as we speak today.
Brian Moynihan: The outside significant penalties is the question. And then remember, this is the bank regulatory environment, and we will have to make an assessment as we get to the other people if we get there, what other servicing requirements we may put on. But the core of what the bank regulatory requirements do is to look back. And the other things are fairly consistent in our dialogs, but we'll see in terms of run rate cost based on that. But from a standpoint of bank regulators, the piece left open is a CMP question.
Brian Moynihan: No, I think the way to think about that, Betsy, is that we have re-assessed what the overall exposure is to the non-GSEs. You would expect with the settlement and with additional accruals that, that $7 billion to $10 billion would go down. That's largely been offset by HPI deterioration.
Brian Moynihan: There are -- if you think about all the monolines, there's six companies. We basically -- we settled with two. We’ve worked with the other ones. MBI is the last one, and that's a very complex relationship between us because across our company, because of the developments in our sales and trading business. And it's out there, and we'll continue to work on it.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, remember the difference between judicial and nonjudicial, is you've got to wait for the judicial process to take place in the judicial states. In nonjudicial states, it goes a lot quicker.
Brian Moynihan: From a high level -- I'll have the team address the specifics, but from a high level, remember that we were higher than they were and so we're coming down at a good rate. It's just that, I think we got 200 basis points, maybe even more above our peers. We got up to a 14% charge-off rate. So we have more upside as this keeps coming down. The underwriting we did starting -- changing in 2008 has outperformed in a not-as-good economic scenario three years later. And if you look at our emerging peers and stuff, we're getting strong performance in the latter part of 2008, clearly 2009, '10. So I think we have more room to go to improve frankly, largely because we had a deeper hole, frankly. And so I'll let Neil or Chuck fill in the exact reasons, but in a broad spirit, it is that we were dealing with this issue that we just had a higher number to start from.
Brian Moynihan: So if you think about it in broad context, we're sort of high-7s now, and we should look that to weave under it and to hit a target of five, 5½, and frankly, with the performance, the portfolio, we’ve been putting on and time phrase I talked about has actually outperformed that. So this should be a continuous move. This was $13 billion in a single quarter at one point, so we still got some room to improve, but it's come down dramatically.
Brian Moynihan: If you look at the balance sheet that we showed you from last year first quarter, there’s three or four quarters in CDRWA [ph] coming down, but you have to remember the thing about our company, the issues that we had to face is our Basel II implementation is still in process. And we had to get this dollar work right, and that's one of the reasons why we've been pushing our expectation out of when this will all be ready to go until later this year or next year, that we need to get some work done. And part of that work is to continue to optimize the RWA calculation, the risk models and other things that will bring down RWA dramatically in our trading areas. And that requires the systems work that's been going in, and will continue to go in during the course of this year. They've been working on that. That is a major piece of the equation, and then there's a lot of other pieces of equation. If you look at all the Legacy Assets sold and the Private Equity business being brought down -- and so we just -- we're continuing to do that each quarter. So we have a road map, and it requires us to keep executing very well. And then the earnings generation, remember what's affecting the earnings is actually reductions in risk of a significant amount and then in terms of repurchased or even '03 [ph] portfolios and things like that. So you've got to think this a little bit, mostly in terms of timing. Stuff we're pulling forward and taking now would have been stuff that we would have taken over time, and so that helps us out. But it really comes down to a lot of this is around the optimization of the balance sheet. If you think about us, we run about 65% of RWA to assets today. Our U.S. peers that are on Basel II and been optimizing on the risk models and stuff are in the 50s, and our outside United States peers who have been on it for a long time are in the 30s. And so there's a lot of work for us to do, and that work is going on this year. And that's one of the bridges we have to have completed as we look to do the capital management we like to do for you as shareholders.
Brian Moynihan: One ought to be over the course of the summer here. We've obviously, by using 8% target, we’ve sort of said it's going to be something. I think fundamentally, I think I'd go back to what we told you late last fall that those views you saw at our conference where I talked about this, we will store that capital on the balance sheet. So if it's 100 basis points, that's $18 billion or $1.80 a share. If it's higher than that, you can do the math, we'll store that balance as -- that capital on the balance sheet will be embedded into the book value. You can't put it to work because if you do, then you have to need more. So if it's a higher number, we’ll have to store more capital, but we'll let that play out. I think in terms of the broad policy, I think we've got enough risk-based capital to run this company, and even more than we need. And I think we'll continue to work on our discussions in the broader policymakers about what the "right answer" is. But in fact, we've sort of accounted for 100 basis points, if it’s higher than that, we'll be storing the capital, but it's all yours. That’s what we've been trying to clear to you. It's not going anywhere. It's not doing anything. It's not making acquisitions. It's not being put in a business, it's all there. And the good thing is, is even if it is a higher number, what we haven't talked to you a lot about is from -- we're trying to hit that 8%. Our math gets us there at the end of next year, but -- and that's as if Basel III was fully implemented. If you think about a higher SIFI level, you have, you really have five, six, seven years to put it in. But importantly, what is not apparent to a lot of people is that the amount of optimization we actually have in the latter years is still high because there are certain structured credit trades or certain run-off portfolio still stands about half its balance after a couple of years. That will provide additional pause [ph] momentum, none of which is core to our business. And so we have a roadmap even '13, '14, '15 that there's significant RWA optimization available to us, largely, if we can be there in the sense that these are structured credit trades, they’re going to run off, in other aspects it’ll run off. So I think if it goes a little higher, we have other optimization. And I think in terms of the shareholder view of that, I think we'd manage into it over time, to be clear with you, how we're building towards it. But we got the risk capital to run this company.
Brian Moynihan: Sure. I think you've got a -- maybe behind us, make sure your time frame's right. We said that was beyond the '11 and '12 time frame out there. Think about what would happen between now and then. You'd have the mortgage cost come down, you'd have the interest rate environment change, and so we may do better next quarter. As Chuck said, we're 267 on the margin. We totally might bottom at 250, we may do better mathematically and the numbers be higher. But if rates rise, and I assume at some point the core estimates of the market -- our core estimates rates rise up to a modest set funds rate of a couple of percentage points, that is hugely beneficial to our company and ought to push us back up to 275 and higher in the margin. If you start to do the math on our size balance sheet, that's significant. So the cost structure comes down, that happens. And then on top of that, while we had a reasonably good trading quarter, that $4.5 million, that is the run rate that's on -- needs to produce on a quarterly basis. If you look at the how that we're getting that now, it is all core customer-driven business that is just coming through, coming through. Last year's elevated levels and last year's decline levels had more to do with sort of circumstances outside their control. But that's that. Then if you go to the other core businesses, remember as the economy grows, we have had no loan growth. We'll continue to run them down. The runoff portfolio, which costs us $1.8 billion, $1.9 billion this quarter, it's half that number out there. So it's really continued credit cost -- continued cost structure improvement. It's really the interest rate environment, not going crazy, but just improving the -- a little bit, which really helps the core deposit business, and then grinding on the growth of the franchise that we see on the revenue line based on the fees and other factors. And so the restructuring of consumer deposit accounts, which would be effective this year into next year, you'll see -- and as we've said, the expenses are unavoidable on the mortgage side now, but we'll get those out, then we'll work on the rest of it. So I think the business around rates, expenses and then the economy, if you've said economy was going to go on decline, that's a different question. But assume the economy gets up to more than a trend growth, the 3%, 3½% type of numbers, you'll see the general earnings of the company lift because of loans and other things.
Brian Moynihan: So I think, Ed, what we haven't been able to do and we'll be able to do as we move down the road is the issue of being able to neutralize the comp-related stuff, which was, we get to the point where we can capital manage we’ll do that as one of the first things.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Remember, it's dominant part home equity here for this kind of party whereas you get the private label, it's all, really all firsts.
Brian Moynihan: What we said to you was 8% Tier 1 Basel III common at year end 2012. That's the goal under the Basel III standards with no -- and then -- and so we're there above the standards, depending on the SIFI buffer discussion that would be phased in over time. But our goal is to hit that at the end of 2012.
Brian Moynihan: We had not said on the Basel III level, but as Basel 2.5 becomes effective, we would be above 8% under those standards at that point, I think is what we said earlier. But we have not sort of given you pro formas, and we'll continue to look at doing it.
Brian Moynihan: We didn't ask them for an increase until the latter part of this year because we knew we had to get the work done I mentioned earlier around continuing to get the systems integrated, the risk management down and frankly, taking care of some of the issues like we took care of this morning, clarity there. And so we continue to make progress in that, and that leads to -- but that's really -- the core issue is us getting a lot of -- getting the work done that we promised them to do in the context of implementing the risk management standards of the company. They've been in agreement with us, our work plans all the way along. And it's their process, and how we can resubmit and stuff is up to them. But on the other hand, I tell you that we have a clear path that we know what we need to get done, and we're doing the work. And that's why we knew we had no chance and told you back in January, we're not going to ask for anything in the first part of this year because we knew we had to get this work done, and they knew we had to get this work done.
Brian Moynihan: This is so you don't make the same mistake I keep making. I keep thinking we're making is, this has nothing to do with the tax position. This is purely what you can count in regulatory capital. And they went back -- during the height of crisis remember, they widened the standard because the reality of earning streams. And now we've gone back to the pre-crisis standard, but the actual tax position is a separate level.
Brian Moynihan: I think we gave you an efficiency ratio target of getting back down to 55%. And you can see across the quarters, this efficiency ratio was bouncing all over the place right now, 58% second quarter, 100%, I think, the third quarter, 92%, 75%. But it's because of one time's in and out. Remember we're getting hits to revenue on these rep and warranties are actually revenue offsets not expense. But the goal is we can see that as that just settles and that pushes you down in the 60s and with the -- all the work we're doing over the next couple of years, we're pushed down to 55%. We expect this efficiency ratio because you got to be aware that as revenues rise, we want to deploy the expenses to continue to build this franchise. So we want to make sure we're matching the chances in our international capabilities, the chances to grow small business bankers, the chance to grow more financial advisors to serve clients. We do not want to cut back on that while we're taking the expenses out of places that need to have them taken out.
Brian Moynihan: As far as HPI going forward, we expect gradual improvement over the second half of the year, further deterioration next quarter, but not dramatic. But a gradual improvement over the balance of the year is where we're at. As far as the deterioration in the first quarter, it's on a three-month lag, but off the top of my head, I want to say, we had about 1½% for the quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Well what you did -- I mentioned the three-month lag so we had some catch-up because of the fourth quarter.
Brian Moynihan: I think the procedure aspect ought to lead to the people who designed – the Federal Reserve designed the process, but we asked them. And I think the idea of them approving something six months in advance of when we've done the work we need to do, I think that's what they basically said, keep doing the work and go on. And that's why I think it's a little bit hard to explain, but in our dialogues with them, the idea was to get the work done, and then we get the approval. If we get the work done right, and continue to approve the company's prospects during the first half of this year, the process they designed and the answer they gave us was what we disclosed. But I think the team -- my dialogues with the team and they've been with us all the way is to get the work done, and then we'll be ready to get approved. But they weren't going to approve it in advance of that work being done.
Brian Moynihan: We don't know what the process will be for resubmission, but as soon as -- when we figure that out, we can tell you.
Brian Moynihan: We should pull back, Mike, and make sure. I said that we got to get the process down instead. But if you step back, what we’ve tried to make clear to you guys is for '11 and '12, this is a modest dividend idea because we have to get to that 8% Basel III Tier 1 common level, which requires us to maintain most of the capital. And then after that, we're in a position to start returning the capital. But all the capital that we accumulate is in our changed book values on the balance sheet, and then it's going for the benefit of shareholders. We're not using it to do anything else. So I think whether we get the dividend in the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, first quarter, whatever, next year, this year, I think what we're trying to be clear to you is that we need -- we're doing the work we need to do. We've been repositioning this company, improving it. And as soon as we and the regulators and the process is set, we'll let you know where we stand.
Brian Moynihan: The capital plan is a two-year -- look, we have all the submissions in at two years, and we'll resubmit that when the process allows you to.
Brian Moynihan: Let's take a look at the headcount across the last few quarters. This quarter on a period-to-period, we're 0.3% change on 288,000 people. If you look at that, that's 700 total human beings, 2,700 adds in the home loan investment to work on that we geared up during the quarter to continue to work on that. 2000 down the rest of the company, including net of all the investments we made. So we're managing to head down in the places. Barbara, as we've talked about earlier, just announced on the production side of the mortgage company, we're down 3,500 people. 2,000 of them are contractors, we obviously would take the contractors first. So as you think about, we're managing these expenses down as we speak, but running through the expense lines of litigation expense and other things, which throw it out on a given quarter, $1 billion round numbers and some of those items this quarter. So those will come down quickly once we sort of get through some of the stuff. The headcount we're bringing down, which is the number one thing we can control and drive to. While we're making investments, we added many small business bankers, 200 FAs and things like that. In the same quarter, we're overall heads, we're flattish, and we added 2,700 people. So we're working on it every day. We're not waiting for the white smoke to rise from this process, and we continue to drive at it. The 50 branch closings in the quarter, the 2.60 on the all-in cost of all the call centers already online, total deposits and I challenge you to ask anybody in the industry if they’re close to that. I was talking to somebody who told me they were at 4¼, 4½. It’s a thing to scale in this business, but we keep driving at that, that's down 4 basis points. If everywhere we can, we continue to work on expenses, what we're now allowing as core of the process that will help us accelerate that.
Brian Moynihan: We'll get back to you on that. I don't know. We are one of the leaders in that business, and have always been.
Brian Moynihan: As you think about it, the 15%, 20% down that Tom talked about of the $8 billion, obviously, was still in the quarter. You had to see what took place in March and there's been some stuff in and out. But on the other hand also, as we went through March, the DVA and other things, which was fairly significant, would have been taken the last month of the quarter. But overall, if you think about from the fourth quarter, the first quarter, we doubled the fixed income revenue and the equity revenue, I think, went up by 40%, 50%, 60%. So we've had a reasonable rebound. When you go to investment banking fees, I only count what people pay us, so the lead tables, having had that group for a couple of years, I talked to them about when somebody pays us, I know I've got cash, that's the interesting part of the business. And I think we did about $1.5 billion, steady with the fourth quarter last year, which had some good activity up from $1.2 billion last year, first quarter. And we continue to have a strong and robust pipeline. And if you've seen some of the offerings going out on the IPOs and things like that, and we expect us to be continuing to improve those fees. But we got $1.5 billion in fees every quarter. For the last eight or nine, we've been second based on fees received and expect that. And I guess that will continue.
Brian Moynihan: We'll get Lee or Kevin to fill some of that in for you. But in broad stand, the place that we're -- still need to make improvement in the Commodities business. That's one of the difference between us and some of our peers and -- but on the other hand, we've done a good job in the rates and currencies and other areas. So it's really one of the big differences, just gross dollar amount between us and others is our Commodities business is just smaller and not performing so well. And so we'll – Lee can fill you in on some of the details, but overall, that's one of the big, easy identifiable differences.
Charles Noski: Sure. Glenn, there's a couple dynamics going on here. We saw a slowdown in new repurchase requests from the GSEs in the fourth quarter, as you might imagine, as they were going through the settlement process, so there's been a bit of backlog that built up by them in the fourth quarter that I think we saw hit us in the first quarter. They also seem to be devoting more time to submitting claims and less time to resolving claims, which has tended to create a bit of an elevated level at the end of the first quarter. So there's a bit of that going on. A substantial portion, though, of that, of the provision associated with the GSEs related to HPI deterioration, which was kind of funny. Most of that, I should say most of the submissions, who I've been referring to were Fannie, rather than Freddie. And in terms of where we are on the overall pipeline, we said last quarter we were in 70 to 75. I would say we're -- in terms of being all the way through with respect to GSEs, my guess is we're probably at the high end of that range now.
Charles Noski: Yes, HPI is going to impact us in several areas. One of them being the PCI, purchase credit impaired. It will impact us in terms of reps and warranties, and then it will also impact us on the credit side with our residential mortgages at 180 days past due. It really is difficult to do it on the purchase credit impaired because as you know, it's a fair value of a life alone. And it not only requires what's going to happen to HPI this year, but also assumptions about how long a recovery takes. But if you did a shock this year of roughly 4%, over all those portfolios I just mentioned, it'd be probably about $1.5 billion. But again, it assumes on the purchase credit impaired, if you got the shock of 4% this year, with the gradual increase in home prices over several years, but again, not returning to 4% increase in home prices until well into the second half of the decade.
Charles Noski: Matt, we think it's -- we obviously think that the second quarter will be down, not clear that we're going to go down another 17 basis points to 250. We did have, frankly, a better performance in the first quarter than we expected.
Charles Noski: Betsy, we have basically resolved virtually all of the controversies between our various companies and Assured, and that's contemplated in this settlement. Probably the only thing that is not contemplated would be those instances in which Bank of America or Countrywide or one of its affiliates might have sold a loan to another institution that then securitized that in the package of mortgages and then sold them to -- or then had them wrapped by Assured. So the way that transaction would occur, Assured would actually go to that third party and assert a potential reps and warranty claim, and then that third party, in turn, can come back to us. That aggregate exposure, in terms of mortgages, is about $1.5 billion. That was not addressed in this, nor have we really had much if anything in the way of claims asserted in that regard. But beyond that, we and Assured are basically done.
Charles Noski: Yes, with respect to the seconds, we're done. We had provided almost $1.1 billion as of the end of December relating to second-lien exposure, and we settled it basically what we had reserved for.
Charles Noski: No, I think -- well, they may have a different view. I think theirs is around -- I saw an earlier draft of it, I didn't see the final one. My recollection is they're around the -- they're thinking about draws, we're looking at the underlying reps and warranty exposure.
Charles Noski: And I would note, Paul, that Assured, FSA Assured was really the only one of the monolines not suing us.
Charles Noski: I think Brian summed it up best, ours went bad first, and we tightened the buy box and also came down very fast. Our early stage delinquencies during the quarter continued to improve nicely, and we will see continued improvement going forward. But it will be at a slow pace, but if you look back a little bit past four, five quarters, our improvement has been dramatic.
Charles Noski: Sure. Well, think of this in two elements. We had provided right around $1.1 billion, $1,050,000,000 for second-lien exposure. So that was in our reserve as of the end of December. We will make a payment of approximately $1.1 billion in the second quarter and beyond in order to satisfy that. So that $1.1 billion reserve was in the $5.4 billion ending balance of the rep and warranty liability and is in the $6.2 billion.
Charles Noski: Yes, we haven't made -- we did not make the payments as of March 31. We signed the agreement yesterday with Assured. We will begin making payments coincident with the signing of that agreement and into the future. So that's one element of it. We also entered into a reinsurance arrangement with respect to the first-lien mortgages, principally because there's very little experience associated with that. We had some modest reserves set aside for that, for a portion of that. But there's very little experience Assured has put back to us, a relatively small number of those mortgages. And so rather than pay them for something that may never happen, we thought it was more prudent to enter into a reinsurance arrangement where we've taken a view as they have with respect to the -- how those drawdowns will occur and how we might participate in those. And we estimated the cost of that reinsurance arrangement, as we've said, at about $500 million. And that was accrued in the -- as a part of our consideration of the first quarter rep and warranty liability.
Charles Noski: No, I don't -- it's not a contractual issue, John. It's -- just keep in mind, they're about a third of our home equity exposure. And that second-lien home equity exposure is probably some of your most riskiest stuff.
Charles Noski: Well when we acquired Merrill Lynch, the regulators gave us a three-year look forward period. I think last year it was two years, now it's one year. In terms of the amount of, in effect, allowable DTA that we can include in our regulatory capital calculation.
Charles Noski: Which is one year. We're not losing any deferred tax benefits as an enterprise. It's what you can count in the regulatory capital calculation.
