Alastair Borthwick: Well, I'll just start, Glenn, by reiterating what you just said. You just said we're taking market share. So, I'd say, we've sustained our technology investments all the way through the pandemic. We've sustained our financial center renovations. We've sustained our marketing. We've sustained our investment in relationship managers. And the result of that is, in many cases, record client experience. And you can see, I think, in our numbers that we're doing more business with our existing clients. We're adding net new clients and we're growing market share, and we're getting the third-party recognition as well. So, I think it’s results is how you will judge us on the technology, but we're obviously very competitive in that regard.
Alastair Borthwick: Okay. So, let's start with loans growth. We're pretty optimistic on loans growth. You can see on slide 5, just the consistency, that's daily. You can see the consistency of the growth, it's broad-based across all the businesses, as Brian noted. And obviously, it's accelerated recently. The thing I find interesting about slide 5 is you've really got to adjust for the size of the economy today relative to where our loans were in 2019 pre pandemic. So, we know there's some potential for catch-up there. And we can see that in our data too, John, our revolver utilization rates are still lower than historic levels. So, we feel like there's some potential there. And in things like card, payment rates are still elevated. So, there's a variety of things there that make us feel good about loans growth, certainly more bullish than we might have been in a pre-pandemic GDP-type 2% to 3% kind of an environment. So, we're pretty optimistic on loans. I think, you need to think about that in the sort of high single digits. And then, when it comes to -- you can see when we put forth our asset sensitivity numbers, that $6.5 billion for a parallel shock is meant to give you an idea of how we believe we're levered to rates. I'd say about 75% of that is probably the short term, probably 25% is the long end with things like premium amortization, and that's probably how we break it down.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, Jim, we're seeing the same thing you are. So, when we're looking at our 30 days past or 60 days past or 90 days past, they're staying at those same low levels you talked about. When Brian talked about customer balances being elevated in some cases, up 5 times where they were pre-pandemic, that's probably what's accounting for a lot of the consumer credit quality improvement. We're anticipating at some point, it will go back towards more normal historical levels. We just think it's going to bump around here for a little while. So, we don't see -- we don't have a particular time line on that at this point, but I'm not sure we'd be betting on behavioral change.
Alastair Borthwick: Okay. So, obviously, it feels like right now, we're at the beginning of a new rate hike cycle. And so, we're looking back towards 2015 to 2019 as the most recent rate hike cycle. During that period, Erika, we had deposit rates at probably between 20% and 25%, somewhere in the middle of that. We'd like to think this time around, it will be something similar, hopefully a little bit better based on what we've learned and based on the value we add to our customers. And then, in terms of deposit growth, we have deposit growth moderating back towards more normal growth over time, just recognizing we're coming off of two years of extraordinary monetary and fiscal stimulus.
Alastair Borthwick: So, let's start with NSF OD, what Brian outlined is we think it's about $1 billion in there, will come down over time, probably around 75% of that this year, just to give you some idea. Obviously, we're making those changes as we update systems and processes, et cetera. So, that's some in February, some in May. I think, Lee and his team can help you with timing, but that gives you a ballpark for how to think about that. And then, just ask me the service charges. Just explain that one more time.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. I'd say that's kind of a full year kind of a growth rate average. And I would just say, it's early in the year, but we're -- I guess, what we're trying to impress upon you is we're pretty optimistic based on everything we've seen.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, we'd say our markets business, generally speaking, is pretty liability-sensitive. So, the short end will have a modest impact negatively on us. And then, it's -- liability, it works in our favor on the long end. So obviously, when we're carrying things short, longer assets, we end up making some money there. So, it's probably a few hundred million negative at the short end over a 12-month period. It's probably a couple of hundred million positive at the long end over a 12-month period, but that's ballpark how to think about it.
Alastair Borthwick: No, not compared to our asset sensitivity. The part of the franchise is liability price insensitive deposits.
Alastair Borthwick: So, I'll talk about the SLR, I think Brian talked about CET and buyback earlier. But obviously, with SLR, we've got a couple of different levers there. One is prefs. As you saw in fourth quarter, we issued $1.3 billion in pref, which obviously get some more balance sheet flexibility where we need it and when we need it. And look, I'd just say, when we have customers coming in here about to establish a relationship with us for the course of the next 50 years or in the case of commercial clients for the next decades, we're going to make sure that we're in a position to take their deposits and establish that relationship for the long term.
Alastair Borthwick: So, I'd say, with respect to our securities reinvestment, right now, we're finding that we're -- we've got the kind of loans growth that we want to see, generally speaking. It's obviously -- we've come off a period where we didn't see that loans growth. So with the excess liquidity, we were in a position where we were looking primarily in first securities. Now we're moving more towards loans. So, if you looked at our last -- this last quarter, we added $51 billion loans. We added $14 billion in securities. Now, we're obviously going to be careful with respect to the OCI impact. And when you look at our balance sheet, you'll see most of the securities available for sale, our treasury swap to floating. So, that's going to have obviously a pretty substantial offsetting effect to anything that happens with higher rates. And then, I'm not sure we're going to necessarily change our duration profile around the securities portfolio. Remember, we have a lot of that rolling off every quarter, and then we tend to just book more back in the stack over time. So, with any luck, we'll continue to see the loans growth. That will be our primary focus.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So, Steven, I think we're continuing to do more with our clients in terms of the ESG side. So, I think when you're modeling, I'd use, say, $400 million to $500 million for Q1 to Q3, and then I'd use just a few hundred million higher for Q4.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So look, one of the reasons we don't provide full year is because we don't control what the Fed does in terms of number of hikes nor the size of each, nor the timing. And those things we can control like expenses, we're quite comfortable with. So, I think, beyond any guidance we've given today, Steven, I would just follow up with Lee probably.
Brian Moynihan: So Glenn, let me just throw a couple of things. One, obviously, it's axiomatic that revenue from markets-related business, whether it's in wealth manager or investment banking teammates or it's in the markets business. So Jimmy DeMare and Matthew Koder and Andy and Katy have done great jobs and that's just -- that's a given, they're going to go up. And you see that. Those numbers are up dramatically over the last couple of years as markets have raised, but you invest a lot of ways. So, we'll never have the temerity to say that we know every possible competitive thing could happen over the next decade in this company. But if you look across history, which is what Alastair's referring to, we've invested new technology development, $3 billion to $3.5 billion year after year after year, and we tend to invest in things that work and then drive them and scale them. And so, you see that if you look at pages 24, 25, 26, 27 and just start to think about what we said earlier, Zelle is more transaction count than checks written. Think about that change. Think about the change in the branches that basically in our expense guidance, we'll open 100 new branches this year on top of the 200 and some of what we've opened in the last three years. But importantly, we shifted from other places in that we brought branch count overall down as we've been doing that. That means we're opening up new markets, gaining market share, as Alastair said, and using the expense base and others. So, whether -- and then in our broad-based teammates, we basically have gone to $21 an hour. Our attrition rates are similar to where they were in '19, which was a 10-year low. So, think about -- we've invested heavily, we've invested broad-based, but you're seeing the activities going. And if you start to think about the retail deposits per branch or multiples of other people, so you think about the -- we have 4,100 branches, we have $1 trillion in consumer deposits and $400 billion of wealth management. So, that operating leverage is what we do. So we're an operating leverage company. We're not a cost takeout company anymore, we haven't been. But we see the path forward of flat expenses next year. And frankly, there was a lot of onetime stuff that went through the last couple of years that is coming to an end. And that we'll reposition that to help pay for the types of things, revenue-related growth and investments that we think are important. But just look at those stats and see what we've done, and I think that that's where we get the confidence.
Brian Moynihan: Sure, John. We -- if you go back, John, for many years in our discussions, we've had excess capital despite the many ways that the capital process increased the capital requirements for large companies like ours, including the introduction of the G-SIFI buffer, et cetera, et cetera, and then the stress testing in SLR, et cetera. So, we've always said we'd maintain 50 basis points to 100 basis points of cushion. We're now getting closer to that. But the reality is that we are seeing the kind of organic growth that is what you want us to see investing in the client franchise, whether it's in the markets business, having 20%, 25% more balance sheet deployed in seeing that pick up and having a amount of revenues, whether it's the deposit growth that we're now $2 trillion deposits and $1 trillion in loans and that's growing well. So, expect us to have a different equation, which is we'll still pay out dividends around up to 30%, like we said. We used to say the other 70% would come back to you. Now, there'll be some for organic growth if in fact we get down to the 10.5% levels and the rest we repurchased on a quarterly basis. But at an earnings rate of $7 billion, there's a lot of capital deployment even embedded in there.
Brian Moynihan: I think, on your very last point, Alastair gave you the starting point and gave you a robust, strong enough, because it depends a little bit on the path forward. We're $6.5 billion of rate sensitivity to 100 basis-point increase, as we said. So, we'll let you figure out when those rate changes come through. But backing up to your broader point, Mike, at the end of the day, in the consumer business, what drives our capabilities there is the preferred group of customers that are 80% plus the balances and retention rate through preferred rewards and the millions of people we have in it is 99% plus. And those customers have tremendous relationship with us. And we invest across whether it's the -- but for rewards, as you know, go across the whole business and not just by products. So, those customers get rewards in credit cards, they pay for by giving us deposits. You go to the Wealth Management, you can see if you look at the stats, you can see the strong growth, not only what you'd expect in the AUM side, but the client flows and deposits and other products as the -- we continue to drive the core deep relationship across in the Private Bank, but importantly, Merrill, across all the different segments. And even as we enter new markets where we didn't have banking capabilities, Columbus, Ohio, for example, there was robust Merrill capabilities we're building underneath. So, that relationship. And as you move to the commercial side, it's the same thing. So, our deposits in commercial are strong. They are all operating deposits, the lion's share of them. They're part of what we core do, but they build off the back, so that great relationship management practice and the GTS capabilities, of which we invested billions of dollars in across the last things. And what sails that altogether is not that these are resilient group of enterprises that I'll go off and operate is the common things that they have together, which are things like the digital capabilities, which we give you the capabilities that that backbone goes across all our customer sets, and that enables us to drive it and also how they work together in the markets. We will set a record -- in '21, we ended up getting back to where we were referrals from one business to the other in every market. And those are important ways that we cement the relationship. Our Commercial Banking Investments group, as we call it, has millions of customers through our corporate relationships that have priority access. So, it is about how you build the franchise and concentrating on eight lines of business and how they work together. Our merchant sales are back way over where they were when we had the joint venture, our 401(k) engagements are way up. And again, that's going through the franchise. So, we feel good about the relationship side, if that’s your point.
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think when we -- we're flat next year, we -- Mike, if you remember back leading in the pandemic, I think, 20 quarters of operating leverage in a row. We are -- but we are starting to make the turn from expenses going down and then flattening that we're going to have to start growing again to allow for the rate of investments in compensating our teammates well, et cetera. And so, we feel that that rate of investment is embedded in the run rate. And would we start to grow expenses at some point? I think, that will be based on really some of the market-related revenue and incentives that drive it. But we still have a lot of room to go on a day-to-day basis and cost takeout in this company from -- and then reinvesting that in OpEx and stuff. It is -- think about that check, two years, 24% less checks going through the system. That's by driving those capabilities allows us to be more efficient. So, it will go to the bottom line because frankly most of that value comes off the consumer franchise, which has been investing heavily in whether it's Merrill Edge, whether it's a card business, whether it's the rewards, which are a huge investment in our client base, meaning that the charges go up and the revenue doesn't go up as much, that's actually investment. And whether it's the branches and the new branch in new markets and then -- but Dean and the team have been expert to repositioning the expense base to more efficient execution.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we're at 2. So, if we've got some room to go. So, we're working on it, Mike, and we'll keep plugging away. But you know us, we know how to manage expenses in this company. I wouldn't be here if we didn't think we could do it the right way and invest. And so, I think people should be confident that we count heads, we're down 4,000 people in the quarter -- in the year from . And all those people are going to make more money because they've had a fabulous year, but the reality is we keep managing the overall human countdown, which is our biggest cost.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Jim, if you look at the quarter-by-quarter progression on that in the supplement or something, you could see it's starting to flatten out. A lot of that adjustment in the recent past has been due to the work that Dean and Andy did with Aron Levine and others on the combined training program. So we're training -- we had two training programs running and et cetera. We combine all that. And so that now has sort of stabilized. And so, you'd expect us to see slow growth out. For the Merrill Edge customer, it's largely a digital execution, and that's where the real growth comes and that's sort of infinitely leverageable. That deposit -- that balance is there, $300-plus billion, 500,000 new customers growing well. And for Merrill, in the Private Bank, it is people, and you'll see that flat out come up. But that had largely due to the repositioning of the training program that the team has accomplished. And so now, we train one set of advisers. They have different career paths in our company, but it makes us more efficient going to the ability to keep managing expenses. And so, you're seeing good household formation, the marginal productivity of our advisors is through the roof, and you can see that. But the reality is you want to have the growth in flows in that $170 billion for the year is a pretty substantial increase over any year past. I think it's either twice or almost 3 times. So, we feel good about it. And the year when -- remember, we still couldn't meet face-to-face with our clients a lot. It's not the easiest year to develop business too. So, the team did a great job.
Brian Moynihan: We didn't see it last time. From '17 to '19, we saw our -- we continue to grow deposits better than the industry and they grew throughout that period of time. And so, because of the nature of what they are, we get the economists to go through all the withdrawing of the things and because of some of the off-balance sheet financing the Fed has put together. But as a strict matter, the last time we did not see deposits go down as the Fed's balance sheet shrank by -- from 8 trillion or whatever the peak was down to around 4.
Brian Moynihan: We've always said that our job is to keep that well in excess of our cost of capital, and we've done it. And I think, again, because of the leverage and rate increases, instantaneous impact to business like the consumer business, which doesn't need any more capital to grow. We feel good about it. But we have focused people on that we'll continue to grow the earnings at returns that are -- we used to say 10% to 12%, now I'd say, 15%, and we'll continue to do that. But we need to balance the broad nominal returns of growth. And last year, we had good ROTCE, and we expect to maintain that.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So, those are the GTS fees, so global transaction services. So, people can pay us cash fees or they can pay us with balances at which we get the earnings rate and we get them a credit, as you all know. So generally, when rates go up, the dollar value of the earnings credit goes up and therefore, people shift a little bit to that. So, Lee can take you through some of the dynamics. But yes, there'll be pressure on that fee line, but we'll be earning money a different way. Believe me, all in, you make a lot of money, and it's different for largest companies versus small businesses and things like that. So, it's a complex thing. And it also comes back to how you -- the deposit betas in the commercial business that Alastair referenced earlier. Also in that fee line is monthly maintenance fees for accounts on both the commercial, small business and consumer side. There's other things in there. But the NSF is the one that we -- in OD we wanted to focus on, which we gave you about $1 billion and change and it's down 75%. Other than that, it ought to bounce around and kind of go up or down a little bit, but I wouldn't be too overly worried about the other pieces.
Brian Moynihan: I don't -- I think cloud -- AI is different. The cloud -- our internal cloud is what we do with external has largely do with cost flexibility, security, who -- what program -- what apps, applications that we're running and how do we do that. But security and the ability to integrate it and ability to be never down and things like that are high on our minds. So I put that aside, the ability to continue to improve our platform is infinite. And you see it. I mean, you could have asked me this question two quarters ago, and you would have had -- if you look at the pages in 24 to 27, look at the statistics from two quarters ago. And what drives these changes is things like Erica going from 17 million users to 24 million users and 30 million interactions to 120 million fourth quarter last year to fourth quarter this year is because of the feature functionality and capabilities of it go up. Our life plans, 7 million people I think are using them. They have 20%, 25% more balances because of what they're doing. So, we'll never be at end state. I mean -- and that's where we continue to drive investment. Digital sales capabilities. We're only starting to be able to take full advantage of it, frankly, across the platform because you had to get end to end, you had to get it all knocked together and then -- and it's kind of interesting because it's growing quickly now. So, small business capabilities, the whole merchant services, we finally got a new platform out of a cost of $300 million. It's now being sold. Those are major investments. So, the question is do we appeal? We open twice the population rate for young -- for people between the ages of 18 and 24 in terms of new accounts. We seem to be gaining share in that segment and the usage by segment is high. And so, we feel very good that our platforms appeal to -- obviously appeal to every cohort of age and experience, and that's what driving that. And then, look at Merrill Edge, 500,000 new accounts, $70,000 average balance. Those are deep clients with real money put into work. And so, are we satisfied? Yes, we can look at and look at all the awards and the growth and feel good -- and feel spectacularly good about it. But you can be satisfied that way, but that would be dangerous. So, we continue to invest, and you can see the numbers of patents we get, we see everything, we will continue to invest heavily in this platform. And what it takes us to is still ahead of us.
Brian Moynihan: I think, the investment in the commercial cash management side is just as we continue to drive global business continues to be high. And I'd say -- as I met the team there, continue to challenge themselves to how much more we could do with the investment. We've invested in merchants. Now we've got to sell it and Mark, Monica and team are driving that. And so, there's -- I think there's a different -- again, this is a group of businesses that have commonalities and differences. And the investment in markets, technologies and stuff is critically important, but we built the data capabilities, I think, called courts over the years at $1.5 billion cost that enables us to build on that platform for risk and finance in markets. And then, now, we're continuing to enhance that. So, I'd say, each one is a different story. But all will be better and all -- we're investing heavily, and we make choices about -- the biggest constraint is doability, how much stuff can you get done. It's not the money. It's really a question you got to make sure you do it right and don't screw it up in and that it's going to really stick to the ribs when you start driving.
Brian Moynihan: Like any other regulatory change when it comes, we'll deal with it. But these things have impact, so, like you said, plus and minus and life will go on. It's -- it may cause the staff to adjust a little here and there, but we still have optimization ahead of -- the optimization ahead of us in the balance sheet that we can continue to work. But when they develop a real -- when the set of rules get developed and put in front of us and become final, we'll implement them. But my guess is it won't be anything that we -- it won't be as dramatic as going from $60 billion of required capital, $175 billion in tangible common equity over the last decade, believe me.
Brian Moynihan: Well, at the end of the day, these are companies and projects that have to be underwritten. And so, some of them don't go well, some of the renewable things don't work the way people want them to. So, it's a good -- and you got Bruce Thompson, the team in credit and Geoff Green and his team in risk, I think our track record of underwriting credit is strong. And so there's a business plan and our investments are to help our clients make the transition. We already invest $80 billion to $100 billion, and this is a step-up from that as we move forward into 2021, it's a step-up. So, it's not some, we've got to go out and do things we haven't been doing. We have to just do more of what we've been doing. Each individual deal is underwritten. So, what's the risk? The risk on the renewable side doesn't work and the risk on the other side is the value of assets comes down because the cash flows start to get impaired by regulation, customer change and things like that. And so, as we go forward, an additional consideration of the business plan of a heavily emitting industry will be -- will its business model sustain in change in customer behavior and use of things. In the near term, demand for all energy is going up. And the challenge for society is how we meet the needs to have a just transition occur for everyone while changing the emission structure. But over time, business plans of both the emitter side and the renewable side will come cleaner based on customer behavior. People like ourselves, reducing our demand for energy, it impacts our power companies and how they supply and our demands of our power companies do more renewables, that's going to reverberate to our 30,000 middle market clients and our millions of small businesses piece by piece by piece. So, I don't know if that's entirely where you're going, Gerard, but it's going to come down to good core underwriting, given the circumstances of the individual company, its business and its plans and what its transition plans are and the disclosures they make to us the underwriting process. But we've done a great job in commercial underwriting. You'd have to agree with that over the decade. So, I think we'll adjust each deal and each quarter, each deal and each company in each portfolio as we move along.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So, a couple of things. One, to why we expand these markets. We first -- this is a prioritization. We first looked at the largest markets that we weren't and said why aren't we there, because we're a nationwide brand and capabilities. And by the way, in a lot of those markets, we had Wealth Management clients. So we started in '14, it's been a long effort. So we did Denver starting in '14 and Minneapolis, Indianapolis, Pittsburgh, Salt Lake, Columbus, Cincinnati, Cleveland, and now Lexington. So there's a list of other markets that we continue to go down, largely starting -- originally the key was to close the top 30 markets, which we weren't in 7, if I remember, Gerard, at the time, and we're now in all those. So there's really -- think of the next several years as being -- going down to the top 50 markets, which starts to cover a substantial part of the population where you aren't. But also even within those markets, take Grand Rapids, Michigan, we're not to the level we want to be there. And by the way, in a place like Columbus, we're now number 5 in the market. We grew at 9%. We only have 12 financial centers and state will be another 8, 10 type of number. And so, we're still building out in these markets, and it's working. I mean, it works because of the way we do it. So, that will all be a move. But expect us to keep working down by population markets, but think about 2 dimensions. One is more markets. And the second is also making sure every market -- what we do is we look at the -- we look at like markets and compare them, same size, capabilities. And we expect every market will get to the seventy-fifth  percentile of Bank of America business comparative. So why is that? So that means like even in Los Angeles, we're a 4% or 5% Wealth Management share, if I remember right, versus D.C., where we have equal representation in consumer, D.C. were 15%, 20% market share in Wealth Management. That means we should be 15% in L.A. That's a heck of a lot of work that Andy and Katy and team have to do. So we look at this that way in terms of trying to drive our market share by market. Sometimes it's people, sometimes it's branches, sometimes it's advertising, sometimes it's charitable work, sometimes community work, all the above. But think of us as trying to close out most of the U.S. population centers over the next several years.
Brian Moynihan: Okay. I think that's all our questions, operator. So, let me just close by saying, as I said earlier, the number 1 point to remember is the organic growth engine that we had before the pandemic is fully back in gear and driving. We've had good expense discipline. We continue -- we're now up to two quarters of operating leverage and we're working towards driving our streak again. The client activity across the board was strong, loan growth, deposit growth, net new households of wealth management, commercial GTS fees, capital markets activity, investment banking activity. And so, those investments across the last several years continue to drive our strong growth in core market share. And in the end of the day, last year was a record year of earnings, and we returned $32 billion of capital to you, our shareholders. Thank you for your support. And we look forward to talking to you next time.
