Brian Moynihan: I think, a couple of things, Gerard. One is the -- there's obviously external events, which could change the situation in the globe dramatically. And so -- but given just the pathway that those -- that doesn't -- that kind of event doesn't take place, you think that the rate they're spending out now is consistent with a lower inflation. So embedded in our teams [indiscernible] team's economic projections is a return to inflation, the 2% target at the end of '25. The rate structure comes down beginning in the middle of next year, but still stays around 4% at the end of '25. And so given that the economy -- the inflation is coming down, the economies would still be growing then and getting back towards trend growth, I think it would hold steady. And so it's been pretty steady, the month of August into September into October, at this 4%, 4.5%, 5% level. And that's kind of just people get paid more, they spend a little bit more and pricing goes up. And then you have the ebbs and flows within it, what they spend on. And right now, you've kind of seen all the adjustments that came through the pandemic into the last couple of years sort of adjust out of the system. What I mean by is you had a lot of goods purchase, then you had a lot of travel. You had a lot of return-to-office spending. We can track that people buying stuff. All that's kind of leveled out of the system, including a drop in fuel prices and an increase -- and basically, it's relatively bounce around about the same and they're spending about the same amount of money on gas as they spent last year. So all that being said, in the big aggregate numbers, I think, yes, it can keep bumping along at that level, which is consistent of low inflation, low growth economy, and effectively shows the consumer has been brought more in line with the scenario of the Fed reaching their target. That's what we see. Now, we'll take some time for all that to work through the system and the retail sales number seems to be stronger today, but that will all shake through, but this is what they are doing at the moment.
Brian Moynihan: So I think, number one, I think the first thing is there'll be -- at the end of November, the comments are due, there'll be comments by our company, by all the other companies, by industry participants, and then the staff at the Fed will have to sort through all that and think to what they all mean. And there'll be very rigorous points about our views of the wisdom of the changes, the need that changes, the balance of the changes, the double accounting, all the things you've heard much about. That being said, it is a little puzzling that you see some of the RWA increases for mortgage loans or for these types of investments in the environmental and housing and other spaces, which sort of counter the policy that we want to do it. Now what would happen is we'd have to adjust the pricing and it would become more expensive. It's been a great business for us. We continue to drive it. But ultimately, it’d have to go through the market. You have the equity cost go up by a four-fold increase to get the returns. And so think about a pricing model, just increasing the amount of equity we have to dedicate, therefore, we have to get returns on that. And so that would happen. It just seems a little counterintuitive that people would be doing that on a set of rules that, basically, after the financial crisis, Dodd-Frank put in a set of rules and said here's how you count the RWA, without much evidence that this is an issue for companies because the Volcker Rule and all the stuff that are having issues of write-downs or changes here. And so the idea going up four times seems odd to us from a public policy standpoint, and also absent any evidence that this is an issue for the banking system.
Brian Moynihan: So, Erika, we drive a organic growth machine based on a responsible set across all the different operating businesses. So as you've noted, if you look at what's driving our deposit base to be larger than the industry, i.e., outperforming the industry is, if you think from -- everybody compares against '19 to now and we're up $250 billion in Consumer deposit loan, but we also are up probably 10% in checking accounts, net checking accounts. Those are 92% core. The attrition rate and where all the deposit balances are in the preferred part of that segment is 99% -- the retention rate is 99% plus long-term customers, the preferred rewards program drives a basis. On cards, we're now getting the balances back up to where they pre-pandemic was even better credit quality than we had then. We got home equities hit a trough and are starting to work their way out. Auto loans are start -- it will continue to produce a lot. The market is not real strong, we continue to produce several billion a quarter. So all the organic growth engine in the Consumer business are very strong. When you go to Wealth Management, we're now producing that household growth at a faster rate than we produced in the prior years. If you go to the Commercial Banking businesses in the US, we noted that we produced more customers this year. And that deposit base in the business banking and middle market segments, those come with a big deposit franchise. And you see that those deposits have actually been stable and growing for last six months. So the organic growth engine is in fine shape and just powers through all this and is the strength of the $3 trillion plus balance sheet. And in fact, it is the reason that we have $1 trillion of -- $900 billion on a given day that we have to put to work because you're just having this great engine go on. And so whether it's investment accounts in Consumer, checking accounts in Consumer, cards in Consumer, home equity, all that has grown organically dramatically over the last four, five, 10 years. And frankly, the loan growth will continue to follow that as conditions improve. And then on the Commercial side, as people go back to regular line usage, we saw it deteriorate this quarter and it’s due to the demand side, and so we feel very good. And then you talked about the markets business, gave you detail there. And the investment banking team is gaining market share and actually [fought] (ph) to maintain relatively flat fees in a market that was down 20% or something. So we feel very good about the organic growth engine. That's what powers our company, and that delivered $7 billion plus in after-tax income for another quarter and 15% return on tangible common equity.
Brian Moynihan: So Mike, I think the expenses come down, revenue grows, the efficiency ratio continues to improve. One of the big differences between us and other companies you can compare us to is the size of our Wealth Management business relative to the size of the company is large. And as you know, that's a business which we continue to work to make more efficient, but is the least efficient business in the platform. So Lindsay and Eric continue to drive the efficiency there. So yes, we expect the efficiency ratio to continue to improve. And part of that will be as the net interest margin normalizes, we normalize the size of the balance sheet, given it's grossed up for a lot of reasons through the pandemic and stuff and you kind of fine-tune it, you'll get a little more effectiveness there. In the past, we ran up to [2.30%] (ph) in NIM in a sort of normalized sort of environment, and you'd expect us to keep moving up from there. Now it will be it'll be bouncing around here as we work through the trough in NII that we described, which is we're sort of in the middle of starting this quarter into the first half of next year. So, Mike, and as you know, it's all about management heads, and that's -- last year, at this time, we all talked about the great resignation or last year last summer and how we had to hire people, we over-hired because the issue was could you hire fast enough to get what you needed this year. We're able to bring that excess back out of the system and ended up kind of where we wanted to be at 212,000. As we think forward, we continue to reposition people around the company who are freed up because of that digital application to other things. So in a broad sense, our Consumer business is down from 100,000 people to 60,000 people and continues to drift down as we continue to use the -- that's the place of the most leverage in digital across the board, you continue to get less branches, less ATMs. You can see the statistics on the chart. More customer interactions and more customers, that's a pretty good trade, and we continue to drive that, including sales in digital that we disclosed in the back of things. You're running nearly half the sales and, frankly, with improvements on the checking account opening, we can drive another round of growth there. So that's what we're going to do. We continue to drive the efficiency ratio to a level, and we'll see where we can get it to.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we have an advantage in that we've been applying it for a number of years now. So effectively, Erica is a form of that and now has 17 million customers working on it everything. And so think about that this quarter, I think there's [170] (ph) million interactions, whatever the number is, 180 million interactions, something like that. If you think about that, Mike, in the days gone by, every one of those would have been an e-mail, a text or a phone call. And so it's obviously tremendously more efficient. And we're continuing to prove we brought it out to the CashPro side, which is the Commercial side. So that helps. If you think about in the $3.8 billion we'll spend in '24 on technology initiative spending, Aditya and the team continue to use the techniques that you read about in the paper to increase the efficiency of that development effort. And it's probably 10%, 15% in the short term, building up higher and as people get more and more used to it, and that will allow those dollars to be stretched even further. So we think that's a near-term application that we're already doing and has high probability. And then, frankly, if you think about our capabilities, if you look, we have nearly, I don't know, 6,000, 7,000 patents out there, 600 on AI already related -- machine learning-related activities sitting in the application filed. We got a lot of inventors in this company. And so we feel good about our ability to compete against the types of people you said. But by the way, we use some of those people who might compete to actually be providers to help us do this stuff. And some of the big tech companies are -- as you listen to them, they have -- it's a business for them to sell that AI capabilities to companies like ours to make us more efficient. So near term customer help, near term employee effectiveness, near term coding enhancements, et cetera, et cetera. But one thing we mentioned is we have invested heavily to have the data in a tech stack ready to go and 3-point-whatever billion dollars and 1 billion interactions this quarter in digital show that the people are ready to use the services we provide them.
Brian Moynihan: John, just one thing on as you think about the Commercial credit. Remember, we have a strong, disciplined ratings change, rating capability in this company. And so we are pushing through the reviews of the commercial real estate portfolio, et cetera. We put them on, criticized quickly. We had to deal with the charge-offs, and that's why you see them come back already in. And we're adjusting those activities as we show in the slides in the part of the deck, to current appraisals, under market conditions, under current rent rolls, et cetera. And so even though it's a very small part of our portfolio, frankly, a lot of the issues are through the system for us because the high ratings integrity and ratings conservatism we've had in this company for many, many years. And that holds us well. And I always -- if you think back like in the oil and gas thing in the end of '15, '16, we put up all of this reserve that was pre-CECL and then end up bringing it back in because the charge-offs were very modest. So I think we feel very good about the original underwriting, but you also have -- because of our ratings integrity on the office part of the portfolio, we pushed a fairly significant amount through reappraisal and relook, and we have the CECL reserves. But importantly, the charge-offs are falling already.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah, so I think we're doing on a -- I think a simple way to think about is we're doing on $194 billion of capital, which we did at this quarter. And that is -- you need about another, say, $10 billion to put a buffer on the end state need, $10 billion to $11 billion, $195 billion plus, 0.5% which is our normal buffer, without any mitigation. That would be a very modest increase of $10 billion over $200 billion, let's make it simple. And that would hit the ROTCE a bit. And I'm sure we can figure out ways to price to get that back. But remember, we're different than everybody else, John, because we're actually sitting on this amount of capital today. And so we are getting a 15% return on it. So I don't want to -- don’t take that as saying, I agree with the rules, but saying, we've got to deal with the cards that are dealt to us. The rules say that you have to have $195 billion plus about $10 billion cushion for, and maybe a little bit more cushion, but depending on, for 50 basis points or so. But, we're doing 15% today, so that'd be a slight dilution to that number, but not something we couldn't make up. And that's before any mitigation, honestly. And there's always mitigation. You know that. You've been around this industry for a long time. So there's always mitigation, how you construct things, what you'll do, what you'll not do. And I fully expect there'll be modifications in the rules, which ought to help also. But I think the simple point is we earn that amount of capital today, so it's not like some calculation I have to think through. It's right there today.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah, Vivek, I think I've just listened to you and Alastair. I think, remember, the forward curve has multiple cuts in it next year. And I think the question earlier was, if those didn't occur, what would happen? And I think Alastair said NII would be higher if those cuts didn't occur. It's not a rate, -- it's just mathematically at 75 basis points in the second half of next year of not being cut would hold us higher because of all the deposits being worth more and the floating rate assets holding pricing up better. That's a dominant part of our balance sheet. I just sensed that you were talking about each other, but maybe not.
Brian Moynihan: Yeah, Ken, let me give you two other pieces. One, the pipeline still is strong. But more importantly, Matthew and the team have done a good job of building out our capabilities to serve our huge middle market client base, our global commercial banking client base under Wendy's leadership. And that number is growing quickly, and that's a market which is, we're relatively unpenetrated in. We had good market share with our clients that we did business with, but we -- meaning investment banking business with, and so that's generating probably better performance for us than others in terms of holding our position flat relative to up a little bit year-over-year, flat year-over-year versus a down market. So we basically doubled the size of that team, and we'll double it again. It's that kind of opportunity for us.
Brian Moynihan: So a couple things. One, just broad base, we have a $1.9 trillion deposit, $1 trillion of loan. So we have a tremendously high deposit base. But also, if you think about, if you look at the Slide 5 or whatever, as we show the deposits by business, in the banking business, Global Banking, I think six quarters we've been relatively flat, so, and starting to grow off of that. That is fully priced at -- it's not like corporate treasurers wait around to talk to you about what you're paying and the noninterest-bearing percentage has drifted down. The amount they hold in excess of that, part of that to pay fees has been relatively stable. And so, we feel very good about that. Looking at Wealth Management, basically all the movement was made -- has been made pretty much to the higher rate environment, i.e. buying treasury securities directly. If you look in our Wealth Management business, the amount of short-term cash-oriented type investments, money market funds, et cetera, treasuries, et cetera, has gone from like $500 billion to $700 billion or $800 billion over the last several -- last couple of years. So that move has taken place. And so the rest of it is now in a relatively stable base. You can see those numbers flat. If you go to the consumer side, there's basically two or three things. One is, in the medium income households plus or minus, you're seeing the slow spend down even though they still have multiples of what they had pre-pandemic in their accounts. And even though that's a small part of the overall deposit base, there's still this low trend that where that's drifting down as all the things you read about go on. And the higher end part of that base, in a broad consumer base, they're actually below the pandemic by about 20%. And that's because they moved the money into the market. And you can see that in some of the preferred category of pricing. So where people think about checking and money markets and this, we think, I always have thought about it a little more straightforward, which is transactional cash and investment cash. The investment cash has largely been re-suited across the businesses. The transactional cash holds because it's money in motion moving every day. And for our Consumer business, that’s represented by the $0.5 trillion of checking account balance, as you can see on the page, with some modest amounts in money markets and stuff that are carried as the cushion people have. And if they've moved the money to market, they've moved it. And so we're watching Consumer because there's a little more drifting there, and it's up $250 billion since pre-pandemic. And you're saying you have the dynamics of loans, student loan repayment starting, that's a million of our customers pay student loans. You have the dynamics of interest rate impacts on cash carry of loan balance if that's higher. And that'll sort out, but just takes a lot longer. That's across 37 million people. So it’s a -- the impact takes a while to sort through. And so we feel good about it. But I think people look by category in this and that. You have to think about more how a customer, which a business or consumer, behaves. And what we've seen them is adjust their behavior based on their household circumstances, and largely through the system, and most of it coming a little bit slower in consumer, just because natural question is there, if there are a lot of stimulus went in those accounts, what do I do with it over time? And now they're doing something.
Brian Moynihan: We prefer to grow deposits in line with customer growth and activity. So in the last four quarters, Consumer I think were up another 900,000. Net new checking accounts, which average balance is around $11,000, they come in lower than that and mature after that. We grow -- we have a transactional banking business for all types of customers and we grow irrespective of it. That produces $2 trillion. You have a loan business to customers, that produces $1 trillion, and that difference then is a wonderful thing to have every day.
Brian Moynihan: Let me just hit the first one. Alastair can hit the second one. The capacity, if you think about the constraint on RWA, as you know, Vivek, and your experience in the business, that equity financing is not RWA intense. So -- but it is asset size intense. Now, when you look at us with our supplemental leverage ratio, 100 plus basis points over the requirements, we have lots of room on the asset size if we want. And the return on equity -- the return on the risk in that business is very strong. So Jim and the team have done a good job and [indiscernible] equities side. And we continue to experience that there's plenty of room. And in fact, we have brought the balance sheet up by over $200 billion largely due to the financing side. A lot of that due to equities, and we can continue to do that if the clients need the capabilities in the product. So that's a simple answer. Yes, there's a lot of capacity, and it’s largely driven by our huge capital base and our effect on all the size measures were way over the requirements. I think 100 basis points on that is probably almost $50 billion of overage, so you have a lot of room to go.
Brian Moynihan: Well, thank you for joining us. Just in closing, I'll go back to the key points. Strong earnings for the company. Earnings growth year-over-year for the three months and nine months in double digit. The returns of 15% return on tangible common equity are very strong. We have the capital to meet the new capital rules as proposed before any mitigation, before any changes in those rules. And we're returning 15% on that capital today. So we feel good about the path ahead to the company. We continue to do it the old-fashioned way, growing our clients, growing our revenues from those clients and driving responsible growth. Thank you.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. I mean, Jim, one of the things that I think gives us some confidence around NII troughing and then growing in the back half of next year is if you think -- we've seen the last Fed hike or you believe that the last Fed hike is a month from now or two months from now. And at some point, deposit pricing is going to stop going up. And there'll be a natural lag to that, that's pretty normal. And then what you see, if you look forward into the forward curve is we've actually got Fed cuts, three of them, in the forward curve for next year. So, yes, we anticipate will be some lag. I don't think we're any different than anyone else in that regard. But we're just pointing out that as we get towards peak rates, we're getting closer now so we can begin to see the end of that in terms of the later innings at this point. And the other thing just -- we always have to remind everyone of this is, the deposits that we have are very relationship based. They're -- a lot of them are core operating deposits where we've got the checking, they're thinking about the way we serve them in terms of digital. We've got preferred reward program. And then on the Commercial side, very similar. We've got a lot of operating deposits all around the world. and they're using our world-class CashPro product. So there's a lot of relationship value here as well that we need to take into account. But fundamentally, we're just making a judgment that we're getting towards the top of the rate cycle here for Fed funds and then deposit pricing will sort out in the quarter or two following.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah, I think the other things that we’ve got going on, especially as we get into the back half of the year, Consumer balances are going to find the floor at some point. They again are in the late innings of returning to sort of more normal pre-pandemic balances per account. So they are going to find a floor and at that point, they're going to start growing in the same way that Wealth has found the floor, and in the same way the Global Banking found a floor a while ago and is now beginning to grow. So we have a point of view that the Consumer side is going to find the floor. So that's one. Two is, at that point, you're poised for deposit growth, but we're also going to see loan growth through the course of the year. It's been slower this quarter. But at some point, you return to a more normal economy, as Brian has pointed out, we're going to see the loan growth and so we're thinking that's going to start to evidence itself in the back half. And then the final thing I'd just say is we have securities reinvestment every month, and that's going to support and grow NII. And I think it gives us a sense that we've got a more durable NII stream underneath.
Alastair Borthwick: All right. So I'll answer the first part, Erika. I think if you look back through the course of the last couple of years, that portfolio paydowns in terms of maturities or paydowns, it's sort of averaging $10 billion a quarter. So I think you could probably use that as a good starting point for the reinvestment horizon in 2024. That's what I would use. And then I'll let Brian answer the second part of your question.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I mean, we essentially sold and hedged our Visa B position years ago. And then in our markets business, we've financed the sale of Visa by other banks. You can think about that as a hedge thing that's just about financing. So depending on how that all develops and what other banks choose to do, we may end up having some RWA or some liquidity that we can recycle for other clients' benefit in our markets business, but we don't have any meaningful economic stake in Visa B.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I think what we've tried to do this year, Steve, is communicate pretty clearly what our plan was. As Brian said, we overachieved last year on hiring. So we started the year with 218,000 and expense of $16.2 billion. And we've really been working on the trajectory over the course of this year. So this point of getting the headcount and to a place where we're comfortable, $16.2 billion turns into $16 billion, turns into $15.8 billion, we're now determined to deliver on the $15.6 billion, and I think that's going to set up really well. So our plan is to finalize our strategic planning over the course of the next few weeks, and I think we'll give you more guidance next quarter.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. So I'd say reinvestment, just assume the forward curve. And with respect to loan growth, I’d use low single digits, consistent with a slow growth economy.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I mean this remains something that's important for our clients. We've yet to see a final rule. So we'll be supporting transactions. But obviously, as Brian said, it is informing us with respect to pricing, and it's informing us with respect to appetite. But until there's a change, we'll continue to support the clients in that regard.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, you're talking about the fact that we think that we're going to be around $14-or-so billion in Q4. I'd say, first one is you've got a little bit of deposit pricing lag there. So we got to keep thinking about that. Second is we're sort of baking into it some continued normalization of Consumer balances. So that's just continuing to drift slowly lower. I think third, if we had hoped for loan growth in Q3, we just didn't see that. So that's going to flow through with lower loan growth balances in Q4. And then the only final thing I'd just say is the Global Markets NII may not repeat in quite the same way. Some of that depends on client behavior. And they benefited this particular quarter by just long-term rates going up so significantly and not helping the carry side. So it’s all those things and probably a little bit of rate hike probability or timing delayed, but it's all those sorts of things. It hasn’t -- what importantly hasn't changed is it hasn't changed from our expectation a quarter ago in any way.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, higher for longer is going to be better. So you're right, we've got the forward curve and our expectations, if that doesn't turn out to be the case, we'd expect NII would be higher.
Alastair Borthwick: It will be both. I mean there'll be the repricing for sure. And in addition, we'd expect to capture a little bit of margin from any short-term rate hike.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, John, I'll just point out, you can see the trajectory, we've laid it out on the slide. Most of the net charge-off increase over time has been really due to card and Consumer card. And the charge-offs at this point are still lower than they were in the fourth quarter of '19, which was a stellar period. And I'd anticipate in the short term that you'd see things begin to -- or just continue that trend. Because it normally follows 90 days past due delinquencies and those are up ever so slightly against quarter. So we're inching closer to the fourth quarter of '19. And at some point, that's going to begin to stabilize. From there, it's just a question of what does the economy do. So right now, as Brian has pointed out, we've had a slow growth economy in the plan. So I'd anticipate as we get back towards that kind of fourth quarter '19 number, it's going to normalize in there. But from that point, it will be very economic dependent. On the Commercial side, the asset quality has been excellent. The only place where we've got particular elevated concern is office, which is a very small part of our portfolio. It's less than 2% of our loans. But the Commercial side has been terrific. And again, that will depend on how the economy plays out, and whether we're talking about a soft landing, whether we're talking about a recession or whether we're talking about robust growth. So all of that is going to have to play itself out. With the Commercial numbers being so low, that one could bounce around a little bit, but it's only because it's coming off a base that's so low at this point.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah, I'm saying right now, Vivek, that if you think about what rate cuts look like in the back half of next year, in the absence of that, we might guide NII higher, yes. That's what I'm trying to communicate.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. On the way down, I'd anticipate that as rates are going down, it's going to cut into our margin on our deposit spreads. So that's essentially what we're talking about.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. So most of the book we swapped to floating. We've tried to establish that over the course of time. So you can almost think about most all of the available-for-sale securities repricing kind of every day, every week, every two weeks, whatever it may be. So that tends to look a little bit more like the cash tide moves over time. There's a few securities in there that are fixed rate, but very, very little in terms of the total complexion, Ken.
Alastair Borthwick: Yeah. So this is -- I suppose, unusual and not unusual. Investment Banking, obviously, has the potential for swings in fees. And what's interesting about this one is, would that be bouncing around this sort of $1.1 billion per quarter, $1.2 billion per quarter. And normally, investment banking you'd expect to return within a year or so, and we're now seven quarters into this. So we've got a good pipeline. And mostly what I think corporate America and around the world, C-suite executives are looking for, is the confidence that comes from macroeconomic certainty, geopolitical certainty. So for as long as we've got the volatility, it's going to stay in this kind of a range. But if you were to look back in periods past, Investment Banking can come back very, very quickly to a more historical range of kind of $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion per quarter. It's just that we've grown tired of predicting when that might be, Ken.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I don't think it was an amortization issue. I think it was just the -- way the entire balance sheet works across assets, liabilities, when you think about all the various moving pieces. So I don't think there's anything particularly notable there.
Alastair Borthwick: And then, Vivek, in terms of the NII guidance, we include Global Markets in there. So it's just part of a big diversified portfolio. I think we would point to, Global Markets remains liability sensitive. You can see that in the way NII has come down in '21 and '22 and into '23 with rates going up. So it will perform according to the rate curve. And then we may put a little bit of modest balance sheet growth in there, as Brian pointed out, just to continue investing in the business. But it's in the NII guide, and it will follow the forward curve.
