Brian Moynihan: Thanks, Paul, and we’re on Slide 21, just a couple of thoughts to close and take your questions. We’re operating in an environment with global economics expansion continues and it continued in the first quarter. The corporate profits have remained healthy. Consumer and business confidence is - continues to be strong, and we see that in accelerated consumer spending in our customer base as Paul talked about. The financing balances grew middle - in our markets business, as our investors invested heavily in the markets in the first quarter. So that’s a good business environment, a solid business environment with good economic metrics and we continue to get our fair share in that environment. We did it by driving responsible growth and the operating leverage that we talked about through all the businesses, and we also provided more capital back to you our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up for questions-and-answers.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. John, it’s our view - what we said, I think, the last quarter was the investments we’ll make are - will be funded with the hard work in operating leverage and simplify and improve in organizational health and operational excellence. And we’ve - we announced the investments we’re making in the retail business and it’s all contemplated with in the $53 billion - in the low $53 billion level, which we ought to be able to maintain in 1920. And if we’re going to make any further investments, we’ll be modest as we said. But right now, it looks like it’s shaking out to be okay.
Brian Moynihan: I’d add one thing, John, people forget that we also got out of - been sold a lot of businesses pieces and card over the years, including another one that will go out over the next quarter or so. And that always was hard to go through. That’s kind of over now by and large. And so the growth we’re seeing in the underlying million plus cards - new cards we do every quarter and the usage by the customers and primary usage has been pretty consistent and ought to bode well for continued growth. But it’s really getting a rid of the drag of - getting rid of portfolios over the last couple of years.
Brian Moynihan: Hey, Jim, just adding that, people get focused on the rate. So, as a clear statement, the all-in rate paid for all our deposits about 24 basis points, obviously, extremely beneficial versus any other way to raise money in the markets, which are multiples of that. In fact, I think, we paid three times as much for our term debt costs on a quarterly basis in all of the deposits. But people forget that, that comes from the value of the customer franchise. And so if you think about the consumer business, half of their deposits are checking. And so and the CD’s have been running up and sort of bouncing around the $2 billion or $3 billion of runoff on a year-over-year basis. So it is driven by the fact that the core transaction account, the balance has grown over $7,000 per balance of checking accounts in the consumer franchise. And as we add more accounts and grow in these new markets, we’re getting the primary relationship in the household, which means you’re getting the transaction money, which is moving at all times. And so it’s a different format. It’s not a pricing strategy, it’s actually comes out of the fact that that’s the nature of the business.
Brian Moynihan: Those investments are all sort of factored in the flattish from here. It’s over four years obviously the build amount. And remember that, you build them and you staff them up. And so it’s a sort of ratable build up. So we’ll - we’re comfortable with a flattishness and we’ll pay for those. The question we’ve all asked ourselves over and over again, so it’s proving very successful, can even accelerate it faster. That come down to the fact questions are getting leases and things and up and running. But if it provided a lot more pop, we might move it up and that might cause a little bit more if it would be modest.
Brian Moynihan: It’s going down. The 20% of deposits on mobile versus the branch that Paul spoke about earlier, the P2P and Zelle, getting more meaningful. The digital movement of money is half the money moved by consumers today. It’s all adding positive pressure. It’s not going to be immediately changed. It’s not going to immediately change. It’s allowed us over the last 10 years ago from 6,100 branches to 4,400 in change or whatever is that now. It’s allowed us to increase ATMs and effectiveness at the same time bringing the overall cost down for them. So the volume - we’re absorbing massive volume increases too. And so in terms of checks and money movement, this year the cash in the first quarter - they are all means the payment in the first quarter up 9% over last year yet the cost and consumers you can see are modestly up and efficiency ratios dropped a little bit - is right around 50% now. So it’s all good, but don’t expect there will be a massive step function in a day, it really takes a change in customer behavior over time.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I mean, Mike, you’re sort of stating the debate that’s going on. And we have seen loan growth of 5% year-over-year in the core business, 3% overall. Remember, we’re still running up some portfolios, believe or not, 10 years after the crisis that we show you on that slide. So in our view, that’s solid loan growth. And if you look at it, like what’s in the commercial business, the C&I product, I think up mid single 5% the consumer lending up. And so it’s solid loan growth. We have been growing at a decent clip. We expect that to continue. It’s a 2% to 2.5% type of growth of economy we’re experiencing currently as we speak. The projections are higher going forward, but we’ve got to get there. So, I think that’s there. I think on margin expansion, if you think about it from an operating profit, to your point, the efficiency ratio drifted below 60, which means we’re expanding our pre-tax operating profits and revenue over expense. In terms of NII, there’s some sales that went on that Paul explained earlier. And the trading in equities was up 38% year-over-year, again, solid, but it - again, that nominal was about $400 million compared with $500 million of NII expense. So you got to keep all these things, I think, a balance, which I think is kind of what you’re saying. As we look out, we expect constructive economy in the rest of the year. Our experts have it continuing to grow with an all-in growth rate for the U.S. economy of 2.9% in GDP for the 2018, which would be a nice pick up over last year. And you’ve got to expect the elements that we talked about to grow within that. I think you - then my consumer, I think, the story is the same. It’s - every - going to Betsy’s earlier question, people look for this overnight change. It’s going to be a change, it’s going to occur every single quarter. So $1.4 billion mobile logins this quarter - this first quarter versus $1 billion last year, allow us to have 20% sales in that business, allow us to have 20%-odd checks deposit in that business, all that saves us efficiency. At the same time, we still have 850,000 people coming to branches every day that need to have highly qualified capable people servicing, so investing in those sales professionals. So, I think it’s just going to keep going in the right direction and all that bodes well to helping us make that change with expenses basically down in the company year-over-year and consumer basically flattish.
Brian Moynihan: The calls were down about 14% year-over-year, I think, it’s round numbers to give you a sense, I believe, I think that’s the number, it’s 14%. So it all helps. The sales are up, deposits are up, and so that all helps. But remember, don’t forget this is a high touch - high tech high touch system. And so you have to be able to do both and do both well. It’s just that the - what the - these techniques whether it’s ATM capabilities, whether it’s the digital devices, mobile device capabilities allow you to do more value-added tax for lack of better term in the branches in their stores than we used to do, which was just deposit checks and things like that. So deposits at the branches can tend to trend down and go up in mobile. But it’s a trend that will continue over many years.
Brian Moynihan: …quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year again and again, while we’re still adding new branches and investing in those cities at the same time.
Brian Moynihan: It’s always going to be a question of modest changes, because remember, we’re adding the branches and taking them out and redoing branches and making them bigger. So the count, I think, could - can bounce around it, if you look across the last several quarters, it’s been slightly down as we build our branches that have put upside to it, but you also see it’s consolidating branches in cities. So it’s a really configuration. We are like any other person looking at what the optimal configuration is in a given time. So we might take two or three branches and fold them together in a city, because the nature of business has changed. So I don’t ever make long-term projections at number, because if I told you many years ago to go from 6,100 to 4,400, you just said I was - you said Bank of America is crazy and in fact, it did that.
Brian Moynihan: Right. I think just on the broader question. Our job is management and the team was to be the best there is at digital banking, mobile banking, et cetera, across all the platforms. And so we have been investing heavily for many, many years. This mobile platform just didn’t arrive it in the online platform. This is a billion dollars of investments across probably last six years or something like that to get there in terms of building it out. So no matter who comes in, our job is to be more confident and more capable than anybody whether there are competitors in the traditional industry or new competitors. And that’s why we continue to upgrade the capabilities and driving it. And so think about what we’ve done. Erica is a voice-activated artificial intelligence agent. And you could go in and say, send Brian $5 and it’ll come to Brian. So all we can go do that if you want. It’s pretty simple. It allows people to find balances and do things by talking to the computer. It will improve across time and we’re starting to - we had 40,000 teammates working on it. But it’s an exciting thing. It’s payback will be over the next decade, but it’s competitive advantage is high. If you take the Zelle, we’ve processed almost 29 million transactions over the first quarter. It adds up over 100%. But importantly, I think, it’s up dramatically even from last quarter. So you’re seeing that go on. Digital sales are 26%. These numbers are hard to get comparisons on, but we think that the banking industry generally sub-10%. We think that all of our retailers even including Amazon in the non-banking space is maybe in the mid-teens as a percentage of sales maybe high-teens, but we’re 26% today. And things like our auto program, I think, it’s multiple - we’ve got multiples of applications with us, new application. It’s rolled out to 2,000 dealers, where we can see 2,000 dealers car inventory on our site and go buy and qualify for loan at the same time. So all these things we’re getting tens of thousands appointments per week. But people set an appointment on a digital to come in which allows us to staff more appropriately. So I think the point is that, these are tremendous capabilities with major investments that will pay off not only to date, but over time. And I think it’s a good against all comers, large, small, traditional competitors and anybody outside the industry, and our job is to continue to invest to do it. When we put that altogether, we’ve grown the customer base. We’ve grown what they do with this. The customer satisfaction scores are at all-time highs at the same time in both in the branch and non-branch.
Brian Moynihan: So Marty, just to be simple. We’re not going to take losses to - in the current period to hit equity and to have just repositioned the portfolio. It will runoff over time and it’s all in the interest rate sensitivity numbers Paul gave you and it reaped about, I don’t know, tens of billions of dollars come through each quarter that we have to put back to work and it ratchets up in a high-rate environment. So don’t expect us to do anything.
Brian Moynihan: What it doesn’t mean is that we’re not delivering mortgage loans for our customers and home equity loans. We did $9-plus billion this quarter mortgage, $3 billion-plus in home equity loans and we’ll continue to do that. The issue is when you put them on your balance sheet, there’s no sale, gain on sale. When the mortgage servicing portfolio is running down to be a core business, the amount of fees there’s not as high. The MSR is down to few billion dollars and running off. And so it’s just immaterial, Marty, that’s the problem.
Brian Moynihan: But it’s not - it’s immaterial from a financial reporting in the context of $23 billion in revenue a quarter. But it’s not immaterial in our minds of consumer customers and our wealth management customers. And there, you can see that we continue to drive our mortgage capabilities through it, including this quarter introducing a digital mortgage product that I think is going to be the best in the industry.
Brian Moynihan: But remember, here it’s a customer business. It’s not a transaction business. It’s not a balance sheet business. It’s a customer business and that’s how we’ve been driving.
Brian Moynihan: Brian, I think I’d say is, as we have done a good job in the small business segment and the business banking, which I think $50 million under revenue companies for business banking and to - $5 under for small business. I think in small business this quarter year-over-year, we had about a 9% growth in loan balances and business banking probably had mid single digits, and that shows you sort of the breadth of the franchise. Albeit, the total is two portfolios probably $50 billion, $60 billion in total. So you’ve got to be careful when you put it against the $400 billion in total commercial balances. But if you think about from the next economic indicator, the growth in our company success and that shows that those mainstream SME-type companies are out there are borrowing more and doing more and we expect that to continue because of the economy going forward.
Brian Moynihan: And again, just similar to the small business business banking relative to commercial underneath that - the Merrill Edge piece, which is geared in the mass affluent market segment is - had record flows and it’s growing 18%, 20% year-over-year. That again is $175 billion, $200 billion in total balances, but it’s growing nicely. And as it gets bigger starting to actually having a contribution to the total, whereas in the past the Merrill Lynch U.S. Trust dwarfed it. So you’ve seen that kick in and help us out on, what you call, quote brokerage balances.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Look, well, we told you that versus last year first quarter that have been up 12 basis points that we sold a portfolio of higher yielding cards. That’s pretty much out of the system. So all during that time, you got to think about the dynamic of the loans that ran off that were more risky and charge-offs. And so take credit cards just across that time, you’ll see that the risk-adjusted margin on a percent basis has been strong and obviously, charges-off have continued to work the way down. But the NIM of the company doesn’t change a lot, because we ran up a lot of cards. We didn’t want there in over the years that were causing a lot of charge-offs. So I think you’ve got it right. It’s all that stuff, but the key is, on the deposit side, we can keep the pricing through a mix of deposits? And we’ve done that. And on the yield side, because we don’t have - because we have that capacity, we just talked about, a lot of stuff is mortgage loans and securities, which doesn’t help on a yield side, but will help us rates for us.
Brian Moynihan: I think if stock price we’re going to deploy the capital back to shareholders and just through the structure, Nancy, you’re more than familiar where this is going to go a substantial amount and stock buybacks. But the OCI you pointed out is the near-term risk and that will pull the par over time, as you well know. And that’s an accounting convention that will go again…
Brian Moynihan: That - it’s $12 billion in gross number now, I think, yes. So think about that as - that’s an after-tax number, that’s a 1.20 a share right there that will pull the par over time.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we’ve taken all approaches, so we’ve sold some. We’ve let some runoff. We’ve restructured at the customer level. And the stuff we have now frankly is, the credit quality is - there’s a - there’s still bumps that we’re working through. But generally, the credit qualities have been improving. And so we’re just letting it go on its ordinary course. The - I think you can see on Slide 6, you can see that that number is now down to about $68 billion, year-over-year down $30 billion, and a lot of that year-over-year was sales and things we moved some stuff out. But I don’t expect - there are buyers, but frankly, the economics we always look at as opposed to the growth rate, and I think, we’re trying to maximize the value for all of you and us as shareholders. And it’s just - we look at every trade and we try to figure out what the every possible piece and what the trade is and what it makes sense. And so the good news is it’s down to $68 billion from what it was probably $250 billion a years ago and it’s sort of running off at a slower amount. And so we’ll work through it, Nancy, it’s not - but if there’s an opportunity to move some of that, we do.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you. Well, thank you, everyone, and thank you for your questions. We had a strong quarter, record earnings for our company. We did that by driving responsible growth. The key to that is driving operating leverage and you can see that in our efficiency ratio going below 60% for the first time in a long time. We look forward to next quarter and we’ll see you then. Thank you.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Let me start with the latter. So we did have a charge-off rate of 2% this quarter, that was expected and well within tolerance. We would expect it to be around 3% kind of if you look at the remainder of the year, remember, Q2 is usually seasonally the highest quarter in terms of credit card net charge-off. Plus I would remind you that, we have the hurricanes, which is now 180 days since the suspension of those charge-offs probably a little bit. That would show up in second quarter, but we’ll fully reserve for that. So then you get the rest of the year, which is seasonally down normally. So I would expect it to be around 3% on average for the full remainder of the year. In terms of growth, it’s just good blocking and tackling. We remain focused on prime and super prime, where our customers are adding cards, using our cards more because of the reward structure to make it simple form. We make it easy, and I think - I don’t think there’s anything different. We’re doing, it’s just a continuation of what we’ve been doing in the past.
Paul Donofrio: Look, Bank of America and the industry, I think, have not increased deposit pricing appreciably on traditional accounts. I think the reason for that is, certainly, in Bank of America’s case, we deliver a lot of value to depositors, transparency, convenience, safety, mobile banking, online banking, we’re rolling out new capabilities every day with Erica, nationwide network, rewards, advice and counsel that has real value to people beyond just the deposit rate paid. And I think this value plus the lack of market pressure so far has allowed us to keep deposit rates relatively flat in traditional accounts. You’ve seen us been raising it in GUM. You’ve seen us been raising it selectively in Global Banking. We’re just going to have to balance. We’re going to continue to balance the needs of our customers in the competitive market environment with that of our shareholders’ interests and we’ll do the right thing at the right moment.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Okay. Well, a couple of thoughts. Obviously, it’s still early, I think, it’s only now a couple of days. I guess, the first thing I would say, I think, we think it’s constructive, right, growing the balance sheet and increasing buybacks or continuing buybacks and stressfully to make a lot of sense. So that kind of change is going to model reality or better model reality, I should say, replacing a fixed capital conservation buffer with a buffer that’s more tailored to companies individual situation that seems sensible. The issue is that you’ve got CCAR stress in there that can fluctuate year-over-year. So the question is, maybe hopefully this year’s scenario, it’s a lot more severe. So the question is, is that going to introduce uncertainty? Is that going to force all these banks to have to have more of a buffer. On the specifics for us, if you use the last three year’s scenarios, our stress capital buffer will be 2.5%, because we’d be below the floor. And on an ongoing forward-looking basis, we feel good about the stress depletion and the stress capital buffer because of the way we run the company, and we’re focused on responsible growth, loans in consumer prime and super price. We’re prudent about our trading risk. We have a low VAR. We have a legacy portfolio that’s running off. Having said that though, the scenario severity will create volatility, So we don’t have - and we don’t have transparency into event models. So we’re just going to have to wait and see this year’s results and future results and we’re going to have to have a common period. We’re going to have - we’re going to give our comments and we’re going to come to later find out what the final rule is like.
Paul Donofrio: I think it’s - I think that’s helpful, given the recalibration as proposed the SLR certainly makes more sense now. It was a buying strengths for lots of banks, not for us. It was a binding constraint and it really is meant to be more of a backstop. So this feels like it makes more sense. In terms of the impact on us, it’s going to be most helpful at our bank entities, reducing the well-capitalized levels by about 175 basis points from 6 to 4.25, and that’s going to allow us to have more flexibility in terms of taking some of that capital that’s in our banking entities and moving it up the chain. So that we can support other businesses or potentially doing more business and better than who otherwise would have been able to do. And if we move it up, obviously, becomes free for all the users, including the return it to shareholders. So, again, it’s an NPR, well, let’s see how it pans out, but I think that’s constructive.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So on a year-over-year basis a lot of the increase in Global Markets was a result of client activity in equities. Quarter-over-quarter, it was probably more FIC. It’s being driven by client demand and it’s also being driven by the opportunity we see in equities to do more with our customers and to build some scale.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, it’s prime brokerage and derivatives exactly. But I would - but I would put prime brokerage first.
Paul Donofrio: Look, we are positioning in our balance sheet to service our customers. Obviously, we look carefully at balancing capital liquidity and earnings when we do that. The primary motivation is serving our customers. The flatter yield curve, we [indiscernible] a little bit deeper improvement in NII comes on the short end. We are in a situation today, where securities rolling off the balance sheet are being replaced by securities at higher yields, so that’s good. You saw some impact on OCI this quarter, because rates rose. So we’ve got to be watchful of that. But again, it’s not like we’re out there doing derivatives or doing other things to manufacture a certain type of balance sheet. We are basically - have a balance sheet that services our customers needs. It grows when there’s more activity from them. We have to make sure we have enough liquidity and enough capital to run the company in good times and bad, and I think we’re doing all those things.
Paul Donofrio: We’re still going to grow our balance sheet in markets. We’ll grow if the client demand is there. We’re always looking at it to make sure we’re getting the right returns. We feel good about the investment we’re making there. And you can see that when the - some volatility happens, we got the return we were expecting. Also, that balance - that balance sheet growth in markets a lot of it is very low RWA. You saw the RWA comes down under the advanced approach this quarter, even though we’ve been growing the balance sheet in markets. So it’s an investment. We’re watching it. We think we’re getting the right returns. And the bottom line is, NII is up $550 million year-over-year.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Look, we are optimistic about loan growth. We - we’ve been seeing mid single-digit loan growth in our business segments. We’ve been seeing C&I growth 4% or 5% every quarter. As you know, we haven’t - we’re more cautious in CRE. So the fact that we’re able to grow loans in Global Banking by as much as we have, even though we’ve been more cautious in CRE is another indication of the strength of our platform. It’s another indication of the value of these new bankers we’re adding in local markets. We have repatriation, I think, some of the dollars did go to pay down some loans. I think, we saw that in large corporate. You may have seen a little bit of it in middle market. I hate to say it, but anecdotally, if you look at the average balances in middle market, you compare them to quarter-end balances. We clearly saw a little bit of an increase at the end of the quarter. So, look, we feel very good. We’re optimistic.
Paul Donofrio: We have been more cautious for many, many, many, many quarters now. So we’ve been talking about it for a over a year. We’ve just made. We stuck to our client selection, which are the higher quality players in the industry. And we’ve stuck to structure that we thought made sense. It’s been in multifamily and other places, structures and we’re getting a little bit to a place, where we were not comfortable. So we’ve been growing, but it’s just been a different level of growth relative to many of our competitors. But it’s something, again, it’s not something we’ve done this quarter, something we have been focused on and cautious about for many quarters now. So we feel pretty good about where we are in commercial real estate. And by the way, we’re kind of seeing, again, this is more anecdotal. But we’re kind of seeing now that as others are getting nervous, we’re seeing business come our way at prices and structures that we like.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, it’s impacted by the growth in Global Markets, but it’s also impacted quarter-over-quarter by the change in corporate tax rate on an FTE basis. You’ve got to factor that as well. So it’s a couple of basis points.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, it’s coming from the Global Banking side. We expected to see rotation between non-IB and IB and Global Banking. We’re still growing deposits there well up 6% year-over-year. The growth is across large corporates and middle market. International is also growing well. But we are seeing a mix shift there over the last couple of quarters.
Paul Donofrio: No, I mean, we’re just going to follow normal GAAP accounting. So only I’ll say what, by the way just, it’s interesting. If you look at our balance sheet, right, over $2 trillion, you’ve got a portion of it. The AFS securities portfolio, which is $230 billion, which is mark-to-market and close to OCI, but basically, nothing else does. So the value of our deposits, the value of our debt that we - the money we raise that we borrow that doesn’t change in value. So it’s just an accounting construct that all banks have to deal with.
Paul Donofrio: Look, we are - the way our securities portfolio works is, we grow deposits and we try to put all that deposit growth to work in customer assets within our client and risk framework. And if we don’t have enough demand there, it goes in the securities portfolio. We’re buying securities that we think makes sense to balance liquidity, earnings and capital of the company in all sorts of market environments.
Paul Donofrio: Remember, Marty, we are focused on revenue. We’re not focused on the fee line or the NIM lines, exclusively, we’re focused on revenue. So these are - we’re making loans to our customers and we’re making them prime and super prime. And so, why should we keep them on our balance sheet as opposed to selling them to an agency and having to pay insurance that really doesn’t - it was overpriced for the amount of risk we’re taking. So we feel really good about the strategy, because it increases revenue over time.
Paul Donofrio: So we can follow-up with you on that. I’m not sure I have those numbers with me. But it’s our customers obviously. And we are - have been, we’ve added hundreds of bankers in business banking and commercial banking. We’ve added in local markets all around the U.S., where we feel like there’s opportunities and that’s clearly contributing to the growth. Some of that C&I growth is in wealth management, where we’ve seen nice growth as well and we have a lot of the phase out there talking to clients. And again, we’re concentrating our bankers, our new branches in those markets where we have those bankers and where we have those wealth advisors. So that, we can deliver in those local markets. And I think, you’re seeing the benefit of that in loan growth generally with certainly in C&I.
Paul Donofrio: Okay. Yes, we - the balances have been declining for many quarters as people shifted to AUM. And this was the first time in two years, I think, that balances were actually up. Remember, balances go up, because the market goes up, balances go up because of flows and the combination of those two things for the first time in many quarters saw an increase.
Paul Donofrio: Well, I think while common equity didn’t grow sort of linked-quarter, a lot of that had do with the OCI came and took a fair chunk of it away and we returned capital. But let’s flip the other side of it. The balance sheet grew, loans grew, deposits grew. And so we’re over capitalized, so we don’t need to grow the notional amount to support the businesses, and that that’s what we’re driving at. So we - and then inside our loan balances, we have still $70 billion, $80 billion of runoff loans, which give us tremendous capacity. They’re going to runoff over the next several years and we’ll fill that back up with loans we want. So there’s no inability to serve our customers and our clients implied by the equity being flat.
Paul Donofrio: With a 11.3% CET1 ratio relative to 9.5% minimum, we have plenty of cushion, plenty of equity to be able to grow with our customers.
