Bruce R. Thompson: No, because keep in mind, the Phase 1, we have talked about a three-year period and having all of the Phase 1s done by the end of 2014.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yeah, we’re paying on the ones that are consistent with our past belief that we’re owing the money, and leave aside the payment exactly but it’s really that we’re owing the money or not.Paul J. Miller, FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. And thank you very much gentlemen.
Bruce R. Thompson: Sure. That’s correct, Glenn. And I think as we look at the NPR, obviously there’s a comment period, there’s a lot of clarification and qualification needs to get baked in. We’ve done the work and based on our understanding, realizing it’s a draft and there's going to be a lot of comments, we think the negative effect would be around 15 basis points, but I think we’re just hesitant to including the number until there’s exact clarity and the different clarifications get made and the rules become a little bit more clear.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities International Inc.: Okay, that’s all we really needed, just to get that range, that’s helpful. And then on the, just curious, I don’t know if I missed it in the prepared remarks, but I think the private label claims spiked by like 77%, I’m not sure if that’s a single private label holder or what’s closed that spike.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yeah, I mean I think, obviously, all of you have seen the different press reports and that you’re aware that we’re a panel bank, not unlike others, we’ve received and are cooperating with the enquiries that we get from both the U.S. and the foreign regulators. We’re also one of the number of defendants in some of the other LIBOR related litigation. And just given the fact that these are active matters, there’s really not a lot more than we can say than that.Glenn Schorr – Nomura Securities International Inc.: Okay, thanks for answering the questions.
Bruce R. Thompson: That would be on a, assuming all model approval. So it's going to be on an advanced basis, which I think from everything that we've seen best, I think we clearly believe that will be our governor.
Bruce R. Thompson: The sales I remember, when we’re saying fully phased-in, we are still deducting the entire DTA in terms of the calculations as of today. And by time those rules we really face, and we'll run that back overtime. So there are other adjustments, which where you’re making this adjustments on this side, we agree with you, but there – the fully phased-in axis of the rules were there fully implemented and its still five to six years out. And so, as you watch us really play out, you'll see some differences in that the reported numbers during time. And we will earn back the DTA and that creates capital faster rate than other one.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yeah. A couple of things, I think the first thing is that when you look at the expense side, just to keep in mind embedded in these numbers are couple of things that we’ve observed in the second quarter as we go forward. First is obviously as part of the different settlements, we had to staff up and obviously going to single point of contact at the level of expense. The second thing is there are a variety of obligations under the DOJ/AG settlement including getting through the modifications that adds expense, and obviously there are some of the look back and other activities that adds expense. so as you look at those different things from an expense perspective that those are all embedded in the second quarter and it’s why we believe that they will trend down based on the guidance that Brian had given before. I think as it relates to some of the activity as far as the different buckets of getting the number of 60 plus day delinquencies out. I don’t think that there is any question that the second quarter was a little bit slower in those different buckets than we would have expected. At the same time, as we look out at, and as I said over the next couple of quarters, as we see the different pipelines, the different servicing sales and everything else, we’re still quite comfortable with what we’ve communicated before.
Bruce R. Thompson: Well, I think we said, it will take us throughout the year, so you’ll see more benefits next year in that in terms of them coming down, plus the day-to-day work. You’ve got multiple things going on, you’ve got the DOJ, you’ve got the foreclosure look back which is running through here, and then just getting the inventory down overall. And remember, also that there is a flow in each quarter that we’re – that you just – each in this 75,000 to 80,000 new units come in, in the second quarter. So, just from the general delinquency [flaws] of portfolio. So, all that put together, what we’re saying is, for the rest of this year, we are busy getting, that the DOJ behind us getting the work done on the look back and get that behind us, which is very expensive largely not through the personal line, but largely through the out-of-pocket expenses to third-parties to independent foreclosure review. And then you’ll see it start coming down next year more measurably, because those two activities will be completed as you said and then the rest of the balances come down. So, year-over-year will be down 260,000 plus units, remembering that year we probably had 250,000, think about to make 300,000 new units flow in from the delinquency [flaws] of portfolio, so you’ve made a net gain over top of that and that front end flow is slowing down as the portfolio shrinks and the asset quality gets better.
Bruce R. Thompson: We’ve not put out a new target for this year, I think, the things that I would say, as you look at on capital, let’s think about both numerator and denominator, on the numerator side, if you look at us generating net income and given where we are from a DCA prospective, I think generally you can think about the capital number growing in the zip code of one and half times our net income. So you’ve got that benefit and that relates to the tax position that Brian referenced, and unlike some of our other peers, it’s largely in the U.S where we generate income. Secondly, and I think one of the benefits that we have this quarter that just be aware of is that, obviously as we continue to drive down into self servicing that benefits the MSR, which is the capital benefit, that MSR obviously also bounces around with rates as does OCI. So I think as you think about the numerator, I would think about those different things, and as we look at the denominator and moving forward, I think we still believe that we’ve got a decent bit of runway on the denominator as we go forward both from actual risk reduction things that we continue to do, and as we continue to reduce legacy assets that we believe that there’s upside there. and then secondly, that there’s still a lot of model work that we’re working through that we believe we’ll provide further benefit as we go throughout the end of this year and in to next year.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yeah. I think a couple of things Andrew. what we would have suddenly came out with New BAC 1, is that, it was $5 billion on an annual basis, it would be fully phased-in by the end of 2014, we said that we’ve realized 20% of that by the end of 2012 and you’re exactly correct that we've subsequently said that we’re ahead of schedule with respect to that 20% by the end of 2012. And as I mentioned earlier, as you think about the New BAC 2, and you think about that $3 billion over the course of the next three years, unlike New BAC 1, I would generally think about that in the buckets of kind of a third, a third, a third in each of the three years.
Bruce R. Thompson: I may think you almost need to go through the three different buckets. We obviously, as we’ve said before believe that the work in a way that we’ve reserved for the GSEs is based on our obligations, and we continue to believe that we’re satisfied with those obligations with perspective of the GSE bucket. I think second, if you go to the monolines, the deal that we’ve referenced in quarter that we signed up that got done today was in the context of our reserves. So I think in the context of getting that one behind us, it was where the reserves were. And so I guess given that a fair bit of the monolines stuff that’s out there it relates to litigation obviously it’s something from a litigation perspective was different than what we’ve assumed. That would affect it. And then I think third, if you go down to the private-label stuff, you’ve got two different buckets of liability, you’ve got one from the rep and warrant perspective, and obviously if there was different behavior from a claim’s perspective than what we’ve assumed in an outcome that we didn’t anticipate. We have to adjust with that point if the experience was different than what we have assumed. And then obviously the fourth piece of it is that there is securities litigation that’s out there that we touch on as far as looking at range of possible loss within our litigation bucket. So I think we – at this point, we’ve got experience, we’ve got the different buckets, and we’ve laid out what those are, and obviously changes from what our assumptions and what our experience is, is what would change that.
Bruce R. Thompson: It’s a combination of everything. but if you look, we’ve sort of passed through all the different regulatory impacts now and you can see – if you look at the consumer saving, you can see the revenues have stabilized in terms of the fee revenues and start to grow, really good activity at this point, because you’ve now had the impact of the overdraft, and the interchange and everything we have through the core (inaudible) result. and so the team is working on combination of all the factors, driving revenue from the standpoint of loan originations and things like that of the core portfolio, bringing down expenses at 57 range or so whatever we reduce this quarter. and if you look at the people, the headcount in this business is down from a high point, at one point 100,000 down to say 70,000 to give you the sense. And so we continue to reduce that. So it’s a combination of all things. so we continue to do a new offering, new account structures and something we’ve been testing, we’ve been clear about that. We haven’t made any decisions there and we continue to look at it. but interesting enough this mobile platform growth really has changed some of our thinking there, because the – for example, we send 20 odd million texts a month to people telling their balances are low, the initiation of payments after mobile platform is about $1 billion a week now, up dramatically year-over-year and continues to grow, and it’s just a much more efficient and frankly, strong service models. So I think it’s going to be, continues to be a combination of expenses in revenue and activity. I’d tell you that the court sales checking accounts were strong this quarter, the account closures by our customers lowest since they’ve been in 2007. so that net attrition rates are down and we keep driving all those different things. So I wouldn’t mean it’s any one thing, but the platform, really the Northwest and the California, because people that we did in the Northwest gives us a much more cheaper platform obviously, but also much more capable platform that we couldn't change things put thing get it into the system. And we continue to look at account structures and making sure we balanced the rates we charged with the value we get.
Bruce R. Thompson: Okay. Let me just make sure and with respect to the staffing levels in what you are looking at, what was adjusted this quarter was the – within legacy assets servicing there is some non-distress servicing that’s in there that when we reported this segment we adjusted the people that do some of that non-distressed serving in the numbers that’s reflected in the numbers and we’ve gone back and adjusted those numbers to make sure that it’ consisted on a look-back basis, so you’ve got apples-to-apples within these numbers. Okay, the second is, it relates to the staffing levels, I think what we’ve said this quarter with prospect to the overall expense base and staffing is that we’re wrapping the different parts of the different DOJ/AG and other settlements, and we would start to expect both the people in the expense to go down probably more towards the latter part of the year with significant momentum in 2013.
Bruce R. Thompson: I think all we can really say at this point quite frankly is that the way that we look at this in the reserving is based on our view of what our understanding agreements are. We’ve said that there are disagreements that are out there. And I’m not sure there’s a lot more saving in that, I think the only other thing that I would say those is that as you look out at and you look at these agreements and you go back, we were able on a look-back basis to get a deal done with Freddie Mac on a global basis to resolve all the Countrywide claims prior to the end of 2008. So I think that the way that we’re going about and looking to solve these challenges, this has not changed a bit.
Bruce R. Thompson: Yeah, I think you have to be careful Chris, I can assure you that the rate if which was paid was not anywhere near the number that you quoted, and the reason is keep in mind with the monolines. As we’ve talked about, you’ve got a couple different buckets that go into what you think a monoline exposure is that drive that number significantly lower than what you just quoted. The first is, there are claims that come in that monolines have submitted. At points in time, monolines have stopped submitting claims, because they believe that they’re going the route of litigation. And then third, over above those two buckets you have things that may happen in the future that have not been realized or worked through. So when I quoted the fact that, the Syncora settlement was 20% of those claims, you should not in any way extrapolate out that, that’s the payment percentage.Christopher Kotowski – Oppenheimer & Co.: I try to understand that, but I'll follow up. Thank you.
Bruce R. Thompson: Mike, to back up to the broader level, think about two or three things, one is the loan rate environment has been impacting us, and that’s why one of the issues about the – you have to go out to the cost side and get the cost structured in line, because low and straight volume with respect to revenues. Secondly, remembering these one-off portfolios we are giving up net interest margin gross yield, bit if you look at net interest margin minus charge-offs you’ll see that it’s actually growing year-over-year second quarter last year, second quarter this year. So what is running off is costing us money that is contributing a lot for the pre-tax volumes we said. And the third is, we continue to have benefits that we think that are unique to this franchise because of the amount of acquisition debt we’ve build up in the long term debt size to continue to drive that down, so as you watch the balance sheet shift across time the non-interest bearing sources, deposit funding sources become more and more, higher and higher percentage of which they are already high of the total funding. And if you think about it very simply, we pay about a $0.5 billion a quarter for all the deposit funding, $1 trillion and we pay about $2.5 billion round numbers a quarter for the $308 billion of long-term debt. So the effectiveness of moving that down, because just don’t need the size, we have the – because we are running of late, as we switch [on gear] yielding as much is very beneficial going forward. So we are fighting the trend, this is a trend that’s held so longer than most have expected, but we’re fighting with all the areas and the corporate that we have.
Bruce R. Thompson: We gave you the information on the liability management action to give you a senses to the benefit that they would provide. So the way to think about those savings that we've talked about in the liability management, is they’re embedded in the $300 million quarterly benefit of which $240 million will be incremental in the third quarter of this year relative to the second quarter of this year.Matthew H. Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
Brian T. Moynihan: Remember, because Phase 1 was started much earlier.John E. McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Okay, got it, got it. Okay, so it's not from today, and someone has started, okay.
Brian T. Moynihan: Yeah, I think if you look at that chart on headcount, John, that Bruce showed you in the upper right hand corner, just watch the quarter-by-quarter toward trend and you can see that from a broad franchise, ABS and LAS were down 20,000 people year-over-year, and 3000 this quarter overcoming an increase in LAS. And so you’ve just seen it come through quarter by quarter by quarter, so we’re still driven largely this year by the non-LAS, and the LAS will help probably more in 2013.John E. McDonald – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Got it, okay. Thanks. 
Brian T. Moynihan: I think Paul, I would just reiterate your point and I think if you look back on slide 33, and look at the new claim trends that are coming in from the GSEs, it’s very clear that the new trends that are building up in that bucket were back in the 2006, 2007 vintages. And so I think we clearly have a disagreement and the way that it gets result is obviously through one of two ways, either they would look to bring an action or alternatively there would be a settlement. But those would be the two ways that it would get resolved.Paul J. Miller, FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Okay. Go ahead.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think, so think about the markets business, so the revenues in the compensation will follow that, so being careful to, if always adjust that to what you think it is. But outside of that, we're, for example, we’d invest about $3 billion in technology development this year, about $750 million of that will go to New BAC implementation, which is going through the run rate. And as that comes off, we’ll turn that $750 million level back to the core businesses. So embedded and that is what is shifting money around even something like that to help drive the business growth. So of course, if you look in core consumer, you’d see expenses are flattish when it does the litigation quarter-to-quarter. That's because that business is putting on loan officers and putting on FSAs and putting on preferred bankers in the preferred growth area of the business, while in the mass market, the retail businesses were bringing it down. So I think you’re seeing those investments go on in the business. and so we’re taking advantage of those opportunities, our marketing dollars, we’re careful with them, but we continue to watch them and trim them. but we’re getting rid of a lot of expense that is just coming from the overall reposition of the company including real estate expenses, and things like that. So there’s enough room to invest and embed it in the way we did New BAC is to at least a couple of years of growth capacity that we have left in there to assume an economy, which is bumping around at 2%, 2.5% type of growth. So I think we’re comfortable that you won’t see a big offset to it in that context. When you go to the markets business, we built the international platform out. We’ll always take opportunities to add people where opportunity is, but even on the international, we brought that back a little bit, because the fees available and the training process available were down. So I’m not overly concerned about the reinvestment rate within the businesses, there’s money in there. so you should think a lot of that is only coming through today net of the implementation costs, which that we can reposition.Matthew D. O'Connor – Deutsche Bank: Okay. thank you very much.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think, yeah from everything we’re seeing at this point, clearly the advanced approach is going to be our governor. So as you look at the different rules assume were advanced.
Brian T. Moynihan: Yeah, DOJ just as we attempt to modify some of those loans, its slowdown what would have gone through the normal process as we satisfied those obligations. so we look at that as more of a one to two quarter delay, not something that’s permanent, and I think the thing that we just wanted to make sure of is, we’ve spoken publicly before, that as we look out at over the course of the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, first quarter that we were thinking it would be a net 300,000 reduction, we just want to make it clear that over that timeframe, we’re not coming off that guidance.
Brian T. Moynihan: Just to be clear, we haven't changed what we said before. We just added it, the 2015 comes attached to Phase 2, and not Phase 1.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think, we think consistently the FTEs that what we count the FTEs, so you could see that what you – sometimes you hear numbers that are 42,000 and 55,000, the 55,000 are contractors, we have about 10,000 to 12,000, 13,000 contractors working in the given time that are not on our payroll. That we obviously pay through the expense line, and we'll talk about 50,000 plus people working, but the FTE numbers of (inaudible) consistently and we could – if you look on page 15, you can see some 7,000 employees FTE equivalents from second quarter of 2011, 2012. But the contract that one moves around a little bit based on the ebbs and flows of what we're doing and you should see those come down.
Brian T. Moynihan: In the last quarter of adjustment there is a group that’s in our core consumer business that does the good mortgage service thing before collections and they’ve moved some people around, so there might be a little bit noise there, but from a core activity level you are seeing that this thing is really around about 55,000 people equivalents, 42,000 with us 13,000 with our people.
Brian T. Moynihan: We’ve given you an overall view point that says that the amount of 60 plus day delinquent loans will ultimately get into the say the 300,000 range that will take us the rest of this year, and next year to get it down into those ranges and probably end of ’14. Before that we’re saying that it takes about $500 million of quarterly cost versus the [$2.8 you have in your day] and so that’s what we get, the pace of this even six months ago, for example, now closure look back we just got the final rules recently a bad habit finish the work and that was month after we expect it. So, a lot of it is based on in that case we had to get the final rules to actually go do the work and the Department of Justice, the settlement came through in early April, final settlement. A lot of people believed it would be done a few months before that because it was largely worked out. We couldn’t start the work until the settlement was finalized. So many things move around a month or two, but in a grand scheme of things the key is to get this from the $2.8 billion to the $500 million level. And they’re – in there all the people cost and in there on top of that is some of the effectively each quarter the one-time adjustments, the life expectation, foreclosure delays and things like that, but we adjust on. But I think you will see this come down relatively quickly once we break through the two big bodies of work, and then beginning the Department of Justice settlement work and the look back. And then after that it is really scheduled against the work flow down to the people will come down. And we are working as hard as we can to get it down. So I think any adjustment to the view of timing is largely done just to make sure we do it right because the number one thing is to do this right for the consumers continue to modify the $1 million plus loans we’ve modified, continue to work the short step process and other alternative resolutions continue to do all the work under all the various programs that are there now and get out of – but it’s always subject to making sure we do it right, and then we are not going to bring the headcount down until we got the job done well.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think you also have to remember that if you go and look at 32 and things grew the categories where there’s resolution on. and so that clients are really coming through, there’s obviously disputes are in the sense that the private labels, the FTE issues have been resolved back in New York for over a year now, and we’re waiting for the core process to take place as Bruce mentioned in the Countrywide. So I think the issues have – the volumes we would have are not coming through a big parts of the production at the time of 2004, 2008 production, because they are settled and monolines with same thing. So obviously the people that I think specifically Fannie that we are going to have biggest target of whether the people still see so many clients. 
Brian T. Moynihan: I’d say a couple of things on that, Mike. The first thing I'll address is just your last question, which is that where do you – we continue to look at, and given this rate environment to be very disciplined is what – with respect to what we do on the deposit pricing, if rates persists we’ll continue to revisit that; realizing that when you get to the levels that we're at with perspective deposit pricing, there’s only so much further that you can go. I think with respect to the rest of your question, I think you need to split the rate question really into two pieces. The first piece is that, as you look at loan spreads in what we’re seeing from a loan spread perspective, on those things that are floating rate base, the spreads at this point in some of the new origination spread that we’ve seen, that the spreads on those have stabilized. So I think as it relates to – is there more downside or you’re concerned more on rates with respect to that. At this point, I think we feel okay with that. The last piece is, where it is with respect to those fixed rate instruments. We’ve been very careful at this point to manage, and to manage the duration such that we don’t have OCI issues with respect to Basel 3. And if you look at on a swapped basis with respect to duration on the securities portfolio, we’re just over a year on a swapped basis realizing it’s a couple more years if you didn’t take into account swap. So I think, as we look at it, the piece that probably has some element of risk over time is that these rates stay at this point, the overall securities portfolio, but I think a lot of what we do at this point, the low rate environment is baked into it.
Brian T. Moynihan: I think if you go into it that, if you look at where the majority of the noise came in, and if you look at – there are two pieces that moves, the first and probably the most significant was when we disclosed this back in the first quarter, we had some gains on the overall leasing portfolio that settled up during the first quarter. So if you look at that, if you look at the number, you can see the leasing portfolio came in by about 100 basis points, that’s clearly something as we look out at that we don’t expect to repeat. So I think as you look at those two buckets, that’s the reason both – so if you look at U.S. commercial, it was down a little bit, commercial real estate was effectively flat, commercial lease is where you saw the biggest change, and on the non-U.S. commercial stuff, we will see that number bounce around a little bit as if we’re doing trade financing, it tends to have a little bit lower rate than some of the straight-up corporate stuff. But I would say, as we look out at and look at the new origination spreads that we’re seeing on the base business, we really didn’t see any erosion of spreads that we booked with respect to newer loans.
Brian T. Moynihan: What we said at this point is that, we think that’s the jumping off point, we mentioned the benefits that we have from the long-term debt footprint, and then we’ll obviously need to see activities during the quarter.
