Paul Donofrio: Look, I’m not sure what else to add. I would just say look, if you look at where we can kind of underperformed this quarter, it was in M&A and a little bit in leveraged finance. And M&A, our market share declined a bit this quarter. You kind of saw that in the announced transactions, if you go back a quarter or two. Our clients -- some of our clients -- we were in some of those deals that our clients just didn’t win or our client was not involved or perhaps we didn’t get chosen in some of those deals. But if you look at announced transactions since then, I think you can see that we rebounded a bit. In leveraged finance, you all have written about this quite a bit. Regulatory guidance is out there impacting underwriting leveraged finance in U.S. banks; you’ve got non-bank entries; at the same time, we’ve got terms and structures that are getting a little bit more risky. So, we are staying focused on responsible growth. We’re not chasing the market. We want to make sure we are able to service our customers and clients through this cycle. So, that’s how I think about the areas where this quarter we underperformed a little bit. To Brian’s point, having said all that, I think we know we can do better. I did come from investment banking. I know they have built a great business with great bankers. And we have one of the best platforms on the plant. Very few banks that can do for clients what we can do for them in every major market around the world. So from my perspective, this is just about renewing our focus, reenergizing the teams. There is really no reason we can’t execute on this opportunity.
Paul Donofrio: So, on the Global Banking side, these are operating deposits that we’re growing. We are very focused on growing operating deposits, and we have very few, 100% we’re off LCR -- deposit products. There has been a shift between non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing, but they are still operating deposits. In terms of how are we growing deposits across the franchise with as little deposit rate paid growth that we’re seeing. First of all, we are growing -- we are increasing deposit rate paid in GWIM and Global Banking. We and the industry have not increased deposit rates appreciably in traditional consumer bank accounts. I think the reason for that is because Bank of America delivers a lot of value to depositors. We’ve got transparency, convenience, safety, mobile banking, online banking, a nationwide network of financial centers, we’ve got rewards, advice and counsel. This value plus the lack of market pressure so far has allowed us to keep deposit rates relatively flat on traditional retail accounts. Like I said, we’ve been rising rates in GWIM and IB. We’ll just have to wait and see. At some point, rates are going to rise in consumer as well, and our focus is on balancing our customers’ needs with the competitive marketplace and our shareholders’ interest, and we’ll do the right thing.
Paul Donofrio: I don’t think anything other than maybe just our outflow assumptions, the tweaking of models here or there. We have a significant cushion of LCR at the top of the house. Really, if there is any -- where we manage liquidity is more at the bank level, where we have to be more careful, at the top of the house, we have plenty of liquidity.
Paul Donofrio: Just one other statistic for you, Mike, that may be helpful. Again, these are our customers who want us to be in these regions because they’re already there. We just don’t have a retail footprint. We have top three deposit market share in 24 out of the top 30 markets in the United States. So, this is about filling out those last six markets to get us in the top three.
Paul Donofrio: Look, we’re always thinking about earnings capital and liquidity when we think about that portfolio. It’s not a -- when you look carefully at it, between the cash we have, between the treasuries, between the mortgage-backed securities, it’s not as -- it doesn’t have a duration as long as one might think. By the way, you can see that in our asset sensitivity. We generally don’t try to manage the NII of the company through adjusting that portfolio. That’s there -- it’s there to take our excess deposits and put them to work if we don’t have the loan growth to absorb all those deposits. As rates rise, we’re going to have an opportunity to invest at higher yields. That takes a little bit of time. The biggest impact as rates rise is you tend to see less premium amortization. But, over time, as rates rise, it’s going to have a meaningful impact. It just takes a little while.
Paul Donofrio: No, I don’t see us shortening it. Again, we are always sort of thinking about liquidity, capital -- the effect on capital, liquidity and the effect on earnings. You kind of want to go along to get the most earnings, but it’s a pretty flat yield curve. So, you’ve got to really think about that. You want to go shorter -- if you’re trying to protect your capital, we’re just always managing capital, liquidity, and earnings when we think about that portfolio. But having said all that, generally, we don’t make a lot of changes. We have a plan to invest and we follow that plan religiously quarter-after-quarter. And again, we’re talking about the excess deposits, where do those go if we don’t have enough loan growth to absorb the excess deposits. As you know, we’re growing deposits consistently faster than we’ve been growing loans. So, it goes into that portfolio.
Paul Donofrio: One more thing by the way. I just want to emphasize for everybody who doesn’t know. We don’t take risk in that portfolio. Some other peers will buy different things in that portfolio. That portfolio for us is made up of cash, treasuries, and agency-backed securities.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Look, we are optimistic. In 4Q, we’re going to benefit from the September rate hike. We should also benefit from loan and deposit growth. I think, the only real question is how much of these benefits are going to be offset by rate increases on deposits. As you know, we have been increasing our rate paid in GWIM and Global Banking. Having said that, so far, as I think about NII growth in Q4, and it’s obviously early, it sounds a lot like Q3 to me. The other thing I would say is, as you think about it, I would really ask you to think about the year-over-year growth instead of the quarter-over-quarter growth. I mean, as an example, year-over-year – year-to-date, I think we’re up over $1.9 billion. As you stretch out into the future, move into ‘19, we’re obviously going to factor in the day count as you think about each quarter. I would expect NII growth assuming again continued loan and deposit growth as well as a current forward curve. Deposit pricing is the wild card. We can’t predict with certainty what our competitors are going to do. So, it’s difficult to provide much more perspective than that, but we do feel quite confident.
Paul Donofrio: I would think about it -- I mean, as we’ve started Q4 and it’s early, the NII growth we’re feeling feels a lot like Q3 in terms of the movement in rate paid so far. And so, I would think about it as a year-over-year growth being something that feels the same this early in the quarter. Again, year-to-date, NII is up over $1.9 billion.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. I think, you hit all the points. In 4Q, given the September rate hike, again, I would expect net interest yield or net interest margin, whatever you want to call it, to edge up in fourth quarter. But, again, that increase is going to be dependent on several factors, including loan growth, mix shift, particularly in Global Markets, you’ve got the realization of the forward curve, you’ve got the competitive bottom with respect to deposit rate paid. And I would just, again, think about it banking versus the market’s book. I mean, we’re seeing the benefits of our strong deposit base, how we’ve invested in our clients in a rising rate environment, we’re seeing that if you look at the “banking book”. Obviously, Global Markets is going to impact that number. But if you look at the banking book, I think you get a better reflection of what’s going on at the company.
Paul Donofrio: Look, I think what we would emphasize is given the strength of our platform, given the bankers that we’re adding, given our relationships globally, we should be able to grow loans the way we’ve been talking about, even with these forces, even with the non-banks, even with whatever you’re seeing out there. We should be able to grow loans we think at mid-single digits at the whole company level even with all those forces. Let me give you an example. If you look at CRE, so, this is when responsible growth kind of helps you. If you look at CRE, I think we’ve talked about in past quarters we transformed our approach to commercial real estate lending. We’re still very selective, focusing on top-tier companies, and we ensure we maintain a diversified portfolio across property type and geography. And if you look at our CRE portfolio as a percentage of our commercial portfolio, it’s probably the lowest of the top 40 banks. Having said all that, we’re starting to see other banks pull back in CRE. And we’re seeing more opportunities now with clients -- within our client selection and risk framework, we’re seeing more opportunities. So, in Q3 alone, year-over-year, CRE growth was up 3%. I think you’re going to see things like that. CRE is going to turn out to be a great example of responsible growth and how maintaining a strong balance sheet and disciplined underwriting standards through the cycle means you’re going to be able to deliver for your customers and clients when others can’t.
Paul Donofrio: I think, look, there definitely was a slowdown in client activity in the third quarter in DCM. I would not -- I don’t know, but I do not think that’s systemic. People have to refinance their bonds, and in the growing economy they’re going to borrow more money. So, I would answer that question no. But, we’ll have to wait and see.
Paul Donofrio: No, I wouldn’t chalk it up to all the reps and warranties. Reps and warranties were down a little this quarter. But, if you look at net income, it bounces around quite a bit every quarter. I would point out by the way, if you look at that, it’s been gradually declining. I think if you look year-to-date, year-over-year, it’s probably down 800 or $900 million. Remember, it includes MBI, which is less relevant and declining now for us since we’re booking 90% of our mortgages on the balance sheet. This quarter, other income rebounded a bit. It had the equity investment gain that we mentioned earlier of a couple hundred million dollars and some other cats and dogs.
Paul Donofrio: CECL. So, we’re not at the point where we’re going to provide an estimate on the impacts. We’ve made a lot of progress on our efforts towards adoption. However, a number of things need to be finalized really before we can disclose the impacts. I would point out by the way that we’re not overly concerned about those impacts and it’s certainly not going to change how we serve our clients in the future. Having said that, there will likely be some increase to allowance upon adoption, but the amount of increase, the impact is going to be dependent on the economic outlook and credit conditions on the date of adoption, and that’s not until 1/1/2020. So, we’ll just have to wait.
Paul Donofrio: I don’t think there’s anything unusual in the consumer loan portfolio that’s driving those. It’s just a mix every quarter of what we are growing versus -- fixed versus floating or what happens to the rates.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think we’re still committed to doing that. You can see, as you referenced, Steven, in slide eight, you can see that commercial slowed down a little bit in the last section. But, the key, the consumer and the GWIM business continues to grow well. We expect to be in the mid single digits. The big debate is if the economy slowed down a little bit from the current growth rate next year, as many people projected, if it goes into recession, that changes the picture obviously. But, if it just slows down, remember, the economy that grew 2% plus or minus for many years, after the recovery settled in, you can see on slide eight, you can see that in earlier things, we grew loans in mid single digits. So, we’re comfortable in a 2% growth economy and we can continue to do that.
Brian Moynihan: It’s been material relative to the start to finish and we’ve crossed a $100 million branch for example in Denver within three years, which is very strong, but it’s not material to the $1.4 trillion deposit base or the $680 billion in consumer. So, it’s not contributing; it will over time, but right now, it’s marginally adding. Betsy, a couple things to think about. The amount of investment we’ve made in the global transaction services platform across the last eight or nine years have been over $2 billion. So, those deposits come from the ability to continue to provide better and better services to clients in an investment rate, and that’s the thing. This takes a lot of investment, not only on the consumer side, which is obvious with the mobile and everything that you statistically see, but a lot of people forget on the commercial side, the institutional side, there is this likewise investment going on. So that we think is competitively advantaged and our customers respond to it.
Brian Moynihan: Well, John, if you look at -- one of the interesting things, just to use the consumer example, if you look at their cost of producing the deposits, in other words, if we take all the costs in the consumer business, put it over the deposit base, you can see that’s dropped 152 basis points, so marginally improving from second quarter to third quarter by 3 basis points last year, 7 basis points this year. That is just all the stuff we are talking about. If you look, there’s a few less branches. The transactions per branch are going up. The sales in branches continue to go up, as well as digital sales. And you can look at all the statistics on page 15 of the digitalization. That we’re taking through the whole franchise. So, specifically, headcount reductions are due to continued applying of technology, branch reductions, bigger branches, more sales and relationship management people, but less number in footprint and more efficient -- more activity by the customer taking to the digital platforms, digital sales at 23%, and it’s just bringing square footage down in the company from 130 million to about 75 million, continued densification beyond that due to not only reduced FTE, but also the ability to densify the space through some of the work we’re doing in new space, for example, in New York. We created an internal cloud. There was an external cloud at the time. People didn’t even talk about the concept. We brought about 80% of our applications onto that cloud. That makes us much more efficiency in our server costs and environment; standardization of platforms. It is every little thing. Frankly, 9,000 less managers over the last three years. To give you a sense, since 2015, we started looking at layers and expanse of control in the Company. And so, it isn’t ever going to be any one thing. Each year, we invest probably $0.5 billion in initiatives to help drive efficiencies. But, the efficiencies not only show up in pure dollars, they also show up in operational losses, and litigation, and other things, which is just -- we strive to be perfect. And if we can’t be that, we’ll be excellent, and that will produce a lot of saved money. If you look back over the last decade or two, we’ve had errors and operational losses, which led to some well-known issues, but -- and all those are costly. Our job is to keep it out of here.
Brian Moynihan: Given the economy, if we have what are consistent with the economic projections of us and the rest of the people, sure.
Brian Moynihan: That’s going to be -- I don’t know if I have that off the top of my head, Mike. But, if there is 130, 140 million households plus all the users, I think we have more than our fair share of it. So, we can get to that calculation. I’ll ask Lee to get back to you. I don’t have it off the top of my head.
Brian Moynihan: The four new markets are Denver, Minneapolis, Indianapolis, and Pittsburgh are actually open. And then we have Cincinnati, Columbus, Lexington, Cleveland -- I’m missing one.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, you have to go back to -- and you can because you’ve been around a long time, but you have to go back to the history of interstate banking. And the reason why we’re not in these markets is a completely historical accident where a franchise wasn’t when we made acquisitions. And so, the idea is that in these markets we have customer bases already there, and we’re putting the branch system in conjunction with the customer bases and the teammates we already have there. So, if you took Denver, we had commercial banking, we had business banking, we had Merrill Lynch, we had U.S. Trust. And we put the branches underneath, and you have a $100 million branch in three years. I think you can look at the competitors’ branch structures that they’ve deployed and they won’t get there for 10 years. So, it’s really a competitive advantage of our brand, our capabilities, and our customer base that we can then get fuller relationships from that already exist. And so, that’s why we’re doing it. It’s not a de novo expansion, i.e., we’d never been heard about. Bank of America’s brand name is recognized and there’s customer base in these markets, and we’re trying to build that high-touch, high-tech service model across all the businesses, including the ability for middle-market and business banking clients to have branches nearby and small business clients to interact with for their business banking needs. And so, it takes both physical plant and digital. A digital-only institution, in our mind, is not the way that you should go.
Brian Moynihan: We increased our marketing spend and our shareholder spend as part of sharing in the shareable side with the communities that benefit the tax reform. So, we increased it $50 million. And on the marketing side, marketing is done differently in this traditional media spend. So, we basically want our customers to be able to answer the question, assess the question themselves, what do you want the power to do. And we’ll keep reminding them that we’re here to provide the services and capabilities they need so they can live their financial lives, and we’ll market that to them. But, with digital marketing, with direct marketing to our own customer base through our -- if you look at that 1.4 billion of mobile channel usage, inherently, there’s marketing built within that and offers and products and capabilities and knowledge. So, the idea is that -- yes, the marketing spend, we did put some more money in marketing to help push some of the expansion that you’re talking about, but it’s relatively marginal. But, at the same time, we’re spending more on marketing that way. We’re also making marketing more efficient. And they self fund a lot of this initiative because they can become more efficient using the modern techniques.
Brian Moynihan: The question a little bit that you’re hearing debate, as you see some of the consumer spending numbers come up is they’re very strong. So, the third quarter this year, all spending including cash, all the ATMs, bill pay, everything, it was 8% plus over last year, and last year to the year before that, that number was around 5%. So, it’s still accelerating. We can’t tell whether it’s connected to the days of summer, the dog days and the slowdown, or the hurricanes that affected it, or whether it’s those types of things. But, the reality is, it was running around 9 and 8. There’s one less -- September ended on the Thursday, Friday, or weekends and things. So, all this affects it. But basically, it’s running very strong. Year to date, it’s around 9, third quarter 8. And so, we’re seeing strong consumer spending, no doubt.
Brian Moynihan: Consistent with what you’ve heard from other discussions over the last few days, the competition from the non-bank is high and the structures -- you’ve seen written about widely, and I’m sure you’ve written about them too, that have gotten away, and we try to play down the middle and we will continue to do that. Having been in the commercial lending business for 230 years, I think we probably know what we’re doing, and we’re trying to make sure that we’re prepared at any moment for what could come next.
Brian Moynihan: There’s a lot of discussion there, but at the end of the day, we think we can grow loans in the mid-single digits at 2, 3% GDP growth. And you’ve seen us to that, and we’ll continue to do that. And the ebbs and flows of the competition will come or go, and we’ll be here driving.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. You have to step back and say what the constitutions of deposits are, and I think Paul took you through some of this earlier. But, each business has interest bearing deposits and non-interest bearing deposits, but those are very different types of business. So, some people, the money is effectively investment cash, some people, it’s transactional cash, some people, it’s both, depending on the business. But, at the end of the day, we will continue to -- in the second part is you’ve got to remember that loans are basically priced to go through the market in competitiveness. Your deposits have a lot of other services attached to them. So, it’s much more complex. Rate is not the only determinant of what goes on with a deposit account, as you’re well aware. So, I think there is headroom for us to continue to expand that net interest income margin percent over time as we see a higher rate structure lock in the balance sheet for a host of reasons, most important of which is the checking accounts in consumer, which we talked about, will always have a very advantaged place. And that advantaged place had been lost as they hit the zero floors after the crisis, and it’s finally coming back, and that’s going to drive a substantial amount of deposit value, not only the consumer business but in the franchise.
Brian Moynihan: Right now, between the dividends and share repurchases, $6.5 billion this quarter on earnings of $7.2 billion, so it’s pushing to 100%. We have excess capital under any standard on top of that. So, we’ve got to adjust that as we continue to figure out what the future of the CCAR rules are and stuff like that. But yes, you should expect that we can return it all. And if we ever need to retain it, any portion of it is going to be in conjunction with earnings, which are accretive to the returns in the balance sheet, but just between repositioning loans that you can still see, despite all the efforts -- despite 12 years from the last time some of these loans were produced, we still have $60 billion of non-core loans, which continue to run off that we can replace with $60 billion of good credit, which should be another, I don’t know, 6%, 7% growth over the current core business loans. So, there’s a lot of room in the balance sheet to grow within itself. So, the idea is to continue -- one of the core business model attributes, as I said at the outset, is to continue to return all the earnings to the shareholders in dividends and share buybacks, not because we can’t support -- not because any other reason that we don’t need it to support our customers. You can have good returns and support your customers and be contemporaneous with the ability to produce good shareholder returns and good return of capital.
Brian Moynihan: Thank you, everyone, for your time and attention this morning. We continue to operate in a good business environment led by the consumer spending we discussed. Commercial clients continue to have good activity. We continue to perform well in this environment. And we’re getting more than our fair share of business. And to do that, we’ve managed expenses well, drove operating leverage 700 basis points for the quarter. When you think about all this, you have to think back to what we’ve been talking to you each quarter, which is we are here to drive responsible growth, and this quarter shows another quarter of that with record earnings across the franchise. Thank you.
Marty Mosby: I want to talk first about asset yields. And earning asset yields were up 11 basis points. There looks to be some noise in other earning assets this particular quarter. It was up 55 basis points. So, just curious what was driving that big increase this particular quarter.
Marty Mosby: Other earning assets sequentially was up 55 basis points. So, I was just curious why that was up so much this particular quarter.
Marty Mosby: Okay. And then, in consumer loans, you’ve been going up about 6 basis points per quarter over the last three quarters leading up to this quarter; now, it was up 16 basis points. So, it looked like there was another step up in consumer loans, which I thought may have been maybe something in the consumer loan portfolio as well.
Marty Mosby: Which is good in sense that earning asset yields are moving up faster, which is what we’d expect to happen at this particular part of the interest rate cycle, as you’re beginning to reprice some of the longer term assets as well as the short-term assets. If we actually equate that to what’s happening on the interest-bearing deposit rates, you’re only up a little bit less than 50% deposit beta this particular quarter. But, if you take into account your funding which -- borrowing is a little bit more of a fixed rate, as well as non-interest bearing funds, you really have headroom with how far earning assets are going up at 10 or 11 basis points per quarter or per rate hike to increase interest bearing deposit rates somewhere between 85% and 95% before you really see any pressure on net interest margin. So, it seems like there’s some headroom to still see margins expand, even though we’re seeing deposit rates move up. And I just want to see what you thought about that threshold calculation.
Marty Mosby: I thought that highlight of transaction accounts growing was very important. And the whole reason I was asking is there’s so much consternation about margins starting to go down as interest rates are moving up and deposit rates are finally starting to increase. What investors I think are missing is there’s a lot of headroom to still kind of trickle up those deposit rates and still continue to improve net interest margin.
