Brian Moynihan: Sure, Lee. Thank you and thank everyone for joining us today. Good morning. This was another strong quarter and year for our company across the board. We drove positive operating leverage consistently through the year. In fact, this is the twelfth straight quarter where we have had reported a positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis and you can see that on Slide 3 and we did it the right way. We achieved it through fundamental operating excellence, driving revenue, controlling expenses combined with strong relationships in sales production. Full year revenue is up 5% excluding the Tax Act impact while expenses declined 1%. Our business generated 6% loan growth for the year. We grew and remained true to a responsible growth operating model where there is a clear recognition throughout the company of who our targeted customers are and how we manage risk in our desired outcomes.  Let me highlight a little of the progress. For the year we reported $18 billion in after tax net income excluding the Tax Act impact of $2.9 billion, we would have reported net income of $21 billion, which is up 18% over a solid 2016. This represents the highest earnings run rate for the company in its history.  Paul will discuss the Tax Act impacts in a little more detail later. Our company remains balanced with earnings coming relatively evenly from our consumer and our commercial institutional segment businesses. On our more businesses for people, our consumer businesses and our wealth management businesses, together they earn more than $11 billion and grew 14% while our Global Banking and Global Markets business together generated about $10 billion and they are up 7%.  Excluding the Tax Act impact, our return on tangible common equity was 11% and our return on average – return on assets was 93 basis points pushing close to our long-term targets. Across the board in our businesses, our brand improved in every area recognized by many outside parties and through a higher stock price and improved credit ratings, we saw tangible benefits of our progress.  Shareholders not only saw a share price improvement, but we increased our dividend by 60% and reduced our fully diluted share count during the year by 3.4%. Average diluted shares were down 370 million from this time last year and down nearly 1 billion from the peak. With an improved CCAR plus our additional 5 billion we’ll continue to make progress in this area.  At the core of our model is [indiscernible] group of teammates, our best assets, therefore we continue to invest heavily in making our company the best place for our teammates to work, [indiscernible] continue to rank high in overall list of the best companies to work for, we rank in the top 50 list the best workplace to show diversity, for parents, for working mothers and Hispanics among others.  You can see some of these accolades on the couple of the appendix slides we added to the packets this time. This year we also invested heavily in our teammates for improvements and starting minimum wages at where we have put them at $15 this time last year. We had more – we introduced Sabbatical, family leaving increases, leave policy extensions and wellness initiatives.  The latest example is our announcement at the year end, we were able to provide nearly 70% of our teammates with a bonus to share in the future success of the expected benefits of the tax savings.  As Paul will explain, this added about a $145 million in dividend expenses in the fourth quarter. We’ve been also investing to continue to lower the cost to make - so we can make more money in our franchise. We also lowered cost so we continued our investments in digital capabilities for security protection for our customers; we show in our online and mobile banking leadership rankings.  We also rolled out digital shopping capabilities in auto and in home. We are also heavily investing in capabilities and our investment clients across the wealth management spectrum through our award-winning digital brokerage capabilities, as well as our treasury capabilities for our commercial clients. Our consumer mobile banking app became the first apps in the Apple App Store to be certified by J.D. Power.  We know there is much more to do to continue to drive this positive change in our company and for the benefit of our customers and clients. So we as a team are proud of the outcome today for sure, but even more proud that we are approving, that we can win and do it the right way through driving responsible growth and we plan to do that in the future.  With that, let me turn it over to Paul to give you comments on the quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Sure, I think, what we are saying is that, just the – base principle, the vast majority of any increased after-tax cash flow will go to the shareholders. The question that we have to look at, Betsy as you reference is, is there an amount of investment that we may accelerate some of the things we are doing especially around consumer business but across all the business to accelerate the branch build out and some of the cities that’s proven to be very successful that we are doing over five years you want to speed it up a little bit.  We will invest a little bit more in technology especially to make the next major move in the markets businesses which Tom and the team are driving at to get the – even with stable revenues to start to drive the profit back up again, or in treasury services business. So, the debate is, is there some amount that you’d invest to help accelerate growth whether it be along the dimensions that we’ve been doing and will just improve our ability to get them done and speed it up it would be modest I think, is the best way to say.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think, we want to focus all of you across all the business operating leverage and they tend to – they’ve shown good progress at the company as a whole and each of the businesses and consumer can continually get operating leverage. They’ve done a great job and you see the branches have done a hundred and some year-over-year.  The digital transactions continue to go up, but there is a lot of room to go still even though we think we’ve made great progress in digital than we have only 23% of the deposits are made digitally and about 30% are made over the counter at the branches. So, as we continue to get customers to adapt these new and exciting technologies, we’ll see more operating leverage, but it’s been – the team has done a great job there, and I think they’ll continue to improve it.  Likewise, you are going to see some of the transformation we are doing in the wealth management business continue to grow and Terry and Andy and Katy and the team are doing a great job. We need to – that business is growing, but we need to start to drive some of the digitization techniques that we use in other businesses including commercial business into that business which we’ll see and that will help the operating leverage there.  And then the commercial business, that’s very efficient. So it’s very hard fought to get much expense, but even then they’ve still done a good job of taking the expense leverage through the changes and the underwriting ways we do business. This is how we underwrite centrally versus decentrally and things like that. So, it will be across the board and we expect more on the consumer. 
Brian Moynihan: We may see us that we are moving toward the 30% payout ratio of earnings and I think that would mathematically follow what you just laid out the Tax - tax earnings go up it will be a higher number, so. 
Brian Moynihan: I think the – as we said before, the key is to drive operating leverage as Betsy referenced John and continue to drive across the businesses. Couple things we’ve been clear that leave aside the discussion about the investment on proceeds of taxes, but basically the $53 billion was a rate that we could kind of sustain around i.e., continuing to invest in operational improvement over time and keeping it relatively flat.  And you are dealing with inflation and things like that creep up on you. And so, we had a pretty good dynamic going and the sole question is, do you want to invest a bit to speed up and that would just increase that number by a little – by a bit and then play over the next couple of years. So the basic principle is around the company relatively flat through continuing investments and cost effectiveness is, we still got a lot of room ahead of us.  I always come back, John, and you’ve followed our company closely, we have – we will continue to have the same rigor around the way we’d run the company just because the tax rate is lower doesn’t change how we are going to do it. So we are going to be driving that analysis that says, how much can we invest and build this operational excellence campaign we’re on.  We just see tremendous opportunity to keep applying digitization to paper and the work in the company and continue to drive that. So, a lot of the – some of those investments will be branches or people or sales people and have been and the businesses, but on the other hand we are investing tremendously in the effectiveness in the company and we’ll continue to do that. 
Brian Moynihan: We’d say that, we’d expect that all things being equal, they would be flattish and that’s what we told you. The question is, we took a little bit of money and accelerate investments and kind of run through a couple of years and probably drop back off.  But it be very modest and a greater context lot of investments get capitalized with the near term P&L impacts differ but basically from a conceptual framework, we think we can run the company in the low $53 billion approximate $1 billion on a consistent basis over the next couple of years with a caveat that we may look to invest part of the tax savings on top of that and we’ll be very clear when we do that. 
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I think, we are at 27 this quarter, 26, 27, - 26, we gone from that. It’s a target to get to. I think it is – mechanically there is some things to help us over the next couple years in terms of some stuff running that pushes this up. So, we continue to do that. What we are talking about is a more fundamental reset on a couple of things.  Obviously, in a lower end – lower affluent business we are driving Merrill Edge and things as more efficient platform by definition. And secondly, there is a lot of paper in this business and lot of work and even advice themselves there is a lot of automation work they do that will make that easy for them do that, they could become more efficient, handle more clients and handle them well.  But if you think about the core pretax margins, it will move up and they can get it, we still believe we can get up around 30 in the deposit side helps us that as the arbitrage from rates goes through that business. 
Brian Moynihan: I don’t think you are missing anything. This is going to be, I think all companies, all banks are going to have more – are going to keep more of what they earn. That’s going to increase our profits and so, we are going to be in a better position to return more capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. 
Brian Moynihan: I’ll just remember, just to be clear, we have changed our recruiting – we now said six months ago, where we have been recruiting sort of the traditional way. So most of the growth is coming through our advisor training platform which we consolidated between the work – the people who work in the branches and people who work in the Merrill offices brought into one day training, product training program again for effectiveness and we think that has great prospects. That will take the figures with that to play out obviously. 
Brian Moynihan: I’ll say, it’s been the experience so far has been relatively modest in terms of anything as people have been changing opinion, but, we continue to model the market and we’ll figure out what we want to do, but we haven’t changed our position yet. 
Brian Moynihan: Paul, I’d just add a couple of things. One, the pricing strategy in consumer has already driven the relationships and so, as we look at pricing tiers and how we do it and set by market, set by product, set by type of customer depth and relationship, the rewards programs, the reward deposit balance along with – rates on loans and other types of things.  It’s an integrated business and a lot of people focus on the one aspect of it and try to isolate it, but it’s actually a very integrated business, but to give you a couple other things, what hold us down is if you look at the deposits year-over-year, and consumer up $47 billion, the checking which is always going to be very low, it was up $30 billion of the $47 billion or $29 billion of the $37 billion and CDs are down $4 billion again.  So even with the run off of CDs and so, that dynamic is always going to lead to all-in deposit price four basis points looks lower, but it’s the quality of the checking franchise and core franchise we have. I think we had, the average checking balance in consumer reached $7000 this quarter. They are all prime, core transaction accounts of the household which means the pay checks coming in – that’s what’s driving the overall structure of the business and we’ll continue to do so. 
Brian Moynihan: Well, we – to be comparable, yet to understand what you are – what the components are, but the component most people focus on is what we call technology initiatives or code and new program and that’s about $2.7 billion bucks and relatively flat.
Brian Moynihan: Relatively flat for 2017 and 2018. We are getting even in the way we program at a little bit efficiency as the nominal number for 2017 would be higher than that. The number for 2018 will be lower than that, but it’s largely getting the same amount of work done to little less efficiency. A little less cost per dollar for programming unit for the lack of better term. So, that’s been fairly cautious across time and we continue to evaluate that level of spending at all times. 
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think, when you talk about technology, the consumer bank has benefited by a lot of technology spending across the lot of dimensions including the way we distribute the environment t the branches – use of tablet type technology in the branches to integrate the customers, better call center technology. It is a tremendous investment in the consumer.  On the digital side, specifically, we will travel with the customer and we were getting the customers to understand the value of –instead of going to the ATM deposit, do with their phone or instead of going to branch deposit, do it with their phone, but we take it ahead of them we have to walk with them and help them do it and help them grow that 23% number up from three or four years you’d see on the page like the 12%.  It was a meaningful amount that it’s about a 1000 branches of activity goes through the phone. So, we will continue to drive that, but I think, yes, we have invested, but it’s not necessary what we’ve done for this year, it’s $1 billion we probably invested in mobile technology over the last five, six years to get us here that now we are taking advantage of it and as you know it comes out the Merrill Edge capabilities continue to be improved to helping that affluent – mass affluent America.  So there is a lot of step behind it, but, so think about spending $2 billion, $2.5 billion to $3 billion in technology, think us having done that for a long time and think of some of those benefits now coming through. So it’s not like the ethics are expanding to get the mobile behavior, it’s actually a change in customer behavior which is less about the technology, it’s more about getting the customer over the behavior. 
Brian Moynihan: Well, I think, the efficiency ratio and the team tell us they are going to get it, - they have done the 50 and they are going to get below 50 and they take great solace in that. I tell them, don’t take great solace and that of course could be, we don’t know how low it could go. But the one I think that I’d argue though is that we’ve always looked at the – if you look on Page 10, like the average cost of deposits.  So if you take the entirety of running this system as a percent of deposits which you can benchmark people relatively clear than the industry, you’ll see that we run about a 160 basis and we set the phones, the mobiles, the technology, the people and all that stuff against the deposit base, that has come down over the last seven, eight years from 300 basis points to 161 basis points.  That is a simple way for people to think of the impact of all this transformation activity and your effectiveness and efficiency in the business. Also you wouldn’t want to do this if your customer scores are suffering during that timeframe, the customer scores have risen as Paul said earlier to record heights. It’s that we can’t get ahead of the customer and we can’t push the customer due to something that we want to do and the challenge is keep that cost efficiency at 161 basis points to get the benchmark while improving customer experience. 
Brian Moynihan: I think, year-over-year the consumer business grew $47 billion of organic deposit growth. I think that’s what it speaks for itself, Mike. 
Brian Moynihan: I think that you and your question sort of stated for itself which is, yes, there will be a mathematical bump that will make it quote easy to get there at the 12 when you are running around that now. But what we are trying to say earlier is, we don’t look at 12 as being, geez, let's - we've made it now we can stop.  The answer is we’ll drive that number as high as we can driving responsible growth and as we start to get rid of more equity than we earn, because we have excess equity that will help, we continue to improve the earnings that will help us drive operating leverage all the things you cited will help. So, we are going to do it on a sustainable basis.  So, the point was when we talked about those targets, we are probably running about 8% or something like that. And so, we said we had to pass over a couple years to get this close to 12 and 1% ROA at the time and we’ve made it there and it will be easier by tax reform. But that doesn’t mean we are stopping. That’s – if we just drive this company the same way and it will come out to be higher now and we will see those levels and we expect to continue to see it.
Brian Moynihan: I don’t think it will change the way we run the company. We’ve been running it on a responsible growth with the four elements, got to grow no excuses, got it – do it with it on a customer focused organic basis, got to do it with the right risk and got to be sustainable along the best place for people to work drive share our success with communities and drive operational excellence.  That format won’t change. And so, what Larry wrote about and what we’ve been working on for years is the idea of ESG and those types of things, and it's part of our sustainable part of our sharing our success with communities is not new for banking. I mean, it goes back to – we were, our banks, all those legacy banks that came together all were formed to help communities grow and so we had a long history investing because if we were only successful with economy and the communities we do business within are successful.  So, I don’t think it’s a major change in our industry frankly $200 million a year share, we are getting 2 million volunteer hours, billions of dollars of building modern housing investment earnings and $1 billion plus out to the CDFIs, we can rattle off all the stuff $100 billion and half way through.  These are things we are doing long before tax reform came and we will do long before tax reform when tax reforms goes away some day or something that else changes, these are things that makes this company great and as you said, it’s a philosophical viewpoint, but it’s also the public role of banking system with a difference. 
Brian Moynihan: Marty, I think we’ve got to look to it, so, given the fourth quarter and the $13.3 billion expenses, there is about a $145 million, $150 million of a one-time $1000 bonus to people under $100,000 $150,000 in our company plus we accelerate the $50 million of charitable donations in the fourth quarter 2017. That’s the $200 million.  That’s what we are talking about, the $13.3 billion becomes $13.1 billion if you back up those two items and then did the math multiplying in times four. I think the acceleration, I think, I still in the way you talk about there as the change to FAS-123 which is that, the simple way to think is, we used to take $1 billion in the first quarter, now we take 2.50 per quarter.  It moves around little bit, but that’s the phenomenon we announced earlier this quarter that we are going to – last quarter we are going to take. And so that number is in that $13.3 billion also the 2.50 for that. It’s not an acceleration, it’s just the way, we’ve done all in one quarter and now spread across four quarters. 
Brian Moynihan: And the earlier numbers when we stated, so the relative difference year-over-year is the same. Does that help Marty? Just to make sure I’ve got your question.
Brian Moynihan: It’s not – it wasn’t related, Marty, the core of sort of – like we invest the excess deposit proceeds in a given quarter. This was legacy stuff we are just trying to clean up.
Brian Moynihan: And Marty, always remember the reason why we have a securities portfolio is because we have the deposit franchise. We are growing $40 billion, $50 billion year-over-year loans growth at a more modest rate especially due to run-offs. So you just have to put the money to work and we put it into an investment portfolio to extract the value that creates deposit franchise.
Brian Moynihan: I think, Gerard, obviously, the parade of horribles that you can go through whether it be geopolitical risk, whether it’s markets changing risk, whether it’s credit risk, because unemployment levels rise, they are all going to come back to this economy going to keep moving along and even accelerate or decline and we don’t see a lot of risk in that, but we do watch those risks.  How we avoid them is not what we are doing today. In fact, it’s what we’ve been doing over years to stay in that high prime quality in the consumer business, balancing the consumer versus the commercial exposure, maintaining our tough discipline in commercial credit in this situation this quarter obviously is always a wakeup call that some things don’t turn out well and we got to go back and whether lessons learned and what did we do right or wrong in that and how we avoid that in future and the team has spent significant time doing that.  We weren’t happy with it from the top of the house through to the actual people who are involved in it, but, even with that credit cost year-over-year relatively flat and the team is doing a good job. So we think about all those risks and with cyber risk, you know the list as well as I do, but the question is how do you balance and how do you keep yourself ahead of those, so that you won’t be immune from them, but they’ll impact our company less. That is what we define as responsible growth quite frankly. 
Brian Moynihan: Gerard, one thing, I thought you are going to go through was – what the consumers feel. It was interesting that the spending into the full year of 2017 whether it’s credit cards, debit cards, ACH, wires, payment of bills, cash out ATMs over-the-teller line, checks written. Whether it’s 6% growth over 2016 and 2016 to 2015 was a little under 3%.  So the consumers are feeling pretty good in spending very strongly out there and it is broad as in just the credit and debit card spending. That is up 6%,7% as Paul had said earlier but it’s the broader use of cash which shows that consumers are putting money out there spending on things. So we feel good about the consumer side and the month of December was faster than the year in terms of being growth with 7% versus 6%. 
Brian Moynihan: I think we’ll have to think about that when we get there. I am not sure for us barriers of largest banks are not going to always be a little more circumspect or whatever the right way would it be in terms of governing our dividend.  They just don’t want us to ever have to cut our dividends and as you do look at it mathematically across time periods, the idea of us not earning 70% of our earnings therefore, i.e. being able to pay for the dividend at a very low probability and that’s where they came up with that number and I think let’s just be, it will see play out, I don’t know what they’ll do, but our strategy inside the company is continue to move up the dividend on a rational basis along with the earnings to get closer to that number.
Brian Moynihan: We have what you call as pure charity. We have kept our levels consistent from before the crisis now about $175 million, $200 million a year and we’ll expect to keep it there. In addition to that we did tremendous volunteer work, 1 million hours a year and other things. We feel comfortable with that level. I’d say, haven't even done the math lately, but I think that’s 1% after tax at this point. But our view is that, we can have a lot of impact there with ebbs and flows depending on what’s going on at the moment, but I don’t expect us to change that dramatically. 
Brian Moynihan: What we told you guys is we got to $53 billion for 2018 be relatively flat thereon absorbing 6% medical care cost increases raises and things like that and that comes through ability to continue to investment effectiveness and efficiency. So, we don’t –that’s an operating strategy level and exact number that we are focused on and we continue to focus on that.  So I don’t – there is no change to that. The question would be, do you want to accelerate some investments given the higher after tax yield. And we will look at, as I said and we’ll look at across time, you have to be able to get the value of those investments. We’ve been – one of the caller’s questions reference a little bit earlier, we added 400 commercial bankers.  We have to make sure, if we added 400 more tomorrow, you might not be able to get to speed. So you have to make sure they are coming in and we use techniques to divide the portfolio to give them deeper client penetration to get the customers for the products for customers. That takes time and you just can’t snap your finger.  So, the ability to accelerate those investments are largely based on what we think we can do that will be modest in a sense that, even a step of fair increase and the margin is not a big number in the overall scheme of things at the $53 billion expense level. At the end of the day, our challenge is to drive operating leverage and we continue to do that within 12 quarters in a row and we’ll continue to do that going forward and that’s good for shareholders.
Brian Moynihan: We thank at all of you for joining us. We had a good 2017 and we look forward to a great 2018 and we can do that by driving responsible growth, delivering value for our customers and for you our shareholders and we continue to do that. Thank you again, and we look forward to talking to you next time. 
Paul Donofrio: I would say, you are going to see that next year if I were modeling that you probably want to sort of low single-digit impacts. 
Paul Donofrio: They came in part way through the fourth quarter, so, you just had to, the good chunk is in there, John. So there will be a modest impact beyond that. 
Paul Donofrio: We expect credit to continue to perform in line with the way it performed in the first three quarters of 2017, which we would characterize as solid, it’s not excellent. We would expect provision to roughly match net charge-offs with reserve releases moderating over time as we continue to build allowance in support of loan growth, those releases are being driven by non-core consumer real estate and energy. 
Paul Donofrio: Look the SA reflects really our continued investment in the training program. Some experienced hires offset by sort of the normal kind of attrition which has been very low particularly in competitive losses. 
Paul Donofrio: So, it just seem that the – about the numbers it’s just AUM growth, which is being driven by market levels, it’s being driven by increased flows. It’s being driven by some new households and we are very focused on that. That’s offset by some – little bit of spreads compression and decline in transaction revenues that we’ve been seeing now for a couple peers. 
Paul Donofrio: Yes, look, we expect solid NII growth in 2018 from continued, sort of NIM expansion as well as loan and deposit growth. I think this dice of the increase is going to depend upon the amount of loan growth, the utilization of rates increasing along the forward curve and obviously our ability to manage the deposit rate pay.  With respect to bond premiums, what I would point out was that in 2017, we had a benefit of approximately $700 million from the lower bond amortization driven by slower prepayments as long end rates moved up at the end of the year, at the end of 2016.  So, you really can’t expect that to repeat itself this year given that that curve is not linear, it’s convex and we’ve already had a big increase in rates and so we are not going to get the same decline in the future of prepayments fees. You noted and I would also note that 2017 included half of UK card and then you got to factor in FTE. But all that said, we feel good about 2018 NII growth, it is just going to be solid as it’s going to be back to basics on loans, growing deposits, managing deposit rate paid.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, I am not sure how helpful I am going to be to you, I would just make a couple of points that we’ve made many times and that the industry really hasn’t seen on the retail side deposit rates increasing sort of much or at all on traditional accounts. And I think it’s important just to remind everybody that Bank of America delivers a lot of value to depositors.  You’ve got transparency, convenience, safety, mobile banking, nationwide network, advising council. I think all of this plus the lack of market pressure so far has kept deposit rates relatively low. You’ve seen rates rising in GUM and global banking. Look at some point rates are going to rise and my guess is we are getting close to that point given the expected fed fund rate hikes here in 2018.  We just don’t know though, what all I can tell you is that we are going to balance our customer needs and we are going to balance the competitive marketplace with our shareholders interest and we are going to do the right thing for all the parties. 
Paul Donofrio: And Mike, you got to focus on operating leverage. That’s a key thing that we are looking at all the time and holding people accountable to in addition to efficiency and all the other individual metrics across mobile adoption and digital sales. 
Paul Donofrio: Loan growth, we feel very good about loan growth. So, excuse me – we feel really good about loan growth. Clearly, tax reform is going to make businesses and individuals have more money in their pocket and we think that’s going to stimulate economic activity. We think tax reform has made America stronger. There is new more investments here because we have leveled the playing field. So, medium, long-term, even short-term, I think we are very optimistic about loan growth.  With the slight caveat that people are repatriating some funds, so we are going to see what a factor is in the short-term on really our large corporate international kind of borrowers. On a more – at a more detail level, we feel like we’ve been growing well in mortgage and we are going to – that will be offset by home equity run-off.  Card has been growing well in the fourth quarter. I would note that seasonally card balance is usually down in the first quarter. Auto has been growing strongly historically. That’s going to soften or has softened.  Again, I would remind everybody that we are focused on prime and super prime and we didn’t follow the market out to extended durations but we are still holding our own there and expect slight modest growth next year. And on the commercial side, we’ve been growing loans at mid single-digits and again, so good to, we have to repatriate funds here in the short-term. I don’t see any reason to change our expectation around loan growth. 
Paul Donofrio: It’s been running off, the way we haven’t characterized as going forward it’s going to run-off sort of 5 to 6 per quarter, call it five. 
Paul Donofrio: Yes, so, we had a rep and warranty provision of approximately $200 million to resolve some claims. If you exclude that and you look quarter-over-quarter the decline in mortgage banking income that reflected lower production volume in a smaller mortgage market as well as lower servicing income as the ties of that portfolio continues to decline, keep in mind that mortgage banking income line is just simply becoming less relevant since we are now retaining 90% of our originations on the balance sheet.  And coming back to the reps and warranty of $200 million to resolve the claims, if you take a look at the litigation line this quarter it was a little lower than normal. So, we are resolving claims sometimes they show up in litigation, sometimes they show up in reps and warranty, but there is a little bit of geography there. 
Paul Donofrio: The short answer is no. We are not in any way restructuring our securities portfolio. There was a – it’d be very modest, but you find there $22 million loss on some securities we sold in the fourth quarter. That was basically just some legacy stuff. We got to a nice price that affects our CCAR results and we wanted to get rid of it and we can get to the trade-offs. 
Paul Donofrio: Yes, remember, we are only putting them in treasuries, mortgage-backed securities or cash. We have a very high quality securities portfolio. 
Paul Donofrio: Sure, the investment banking pipeline ended the year lower than Q3 mainly due to the completion of some large transactions in Q4 combined with the postponement of or cancelation of some other large transactions. Having said that, again, I think we are very optimistic about 2018 given the Tax Act which, again, has leveled the playing field here.  And we think companies are going to be interested in more M&A transactions and ultimately are going to be investing in raising capital. So, down a little bit, but that’s kind of normal for clean up at the year-end. Your other question regarding sectors, we are number three globally and when you look at across all of our industry groups, we are plus and minus around that range pretty consistently, obviously, you have couple of groups that are doing than others, but we feel like there are no weak spots in investment banking and all the groups are very strong.
Paul Donofrio: I think it’s too early to give you that sort of guidance. I’ve given everything that I want to give you at this point. Again, we got two fewer days. We’ve got the card loans which using a little bit lower. If we get rid of the FTE I don’t know how you look at it and remember that at the end of Q4, there was a run up in the LIBOR anticipation of the rate increases.  So, we got some of that benefit in Q4. It’s really just going to depend on loan and deposit growth and what happens on deposit pricing, that’s what I am not really willing to telling you higher or lower because, I just don’t know how deposit pricing is going to play out over the quarter.
Paul Donofrio: On deposits, just, it’s a very sophisticated question of how you price. We price literally by every market, by every product, by every customer sets. And so, as Paul mentioned earlier, in the Wealth Management business, we moved pricing up because people with $10 million in investment assets whether it’s obviously check the cash in their accounts as an investment as it is opposed to in the retail business it be there will daily flow.  So, it’s a very sophisticated question and you are seeing us work that question across time and you saw us raise rates in Wealth Management business, Consumer business raised rates albeit it’s smaller. The corporate business respond more instantaneously, it’s a methodology for paying for services. And so, it’s a very complex thing. So it’s hard to sort of give you a single answer and when we model we use a number, but frankly we’ve done better than that model every single quarter, so - but we have to be conservative in our modeling for NII and other purposes. 
