Brian Moynihan: Thank you, Lee, and thank all of you for joining us. It's been a year since we first reported our results, which would include the health crisis impact. But what we see different now is we see an accelerating recovery versus the economic uncertainty that we would have faced the last year at this time. The most recent economic indicators reflected an economic recovery that has gained momentum and continues to be supported by fiscal monetary policies. From our company's perspective, we have emerged as an even stronger company and competitor than what we were when we entered the healthcare crisis. Compared to last year, Bank of America's balance sheet has higher capital ratios, higher reserves with lower charge-offs and record liquidity. Our diverse business model with leadership positions across all our businesses has helped us earn our way through the crisis. Our Global Markets and Global Wealth Management businesses, which would typically benefit from this healthy capital markets environment continued to perform well this quarter. Our Consumer and Global Banking businesses also performed well. But they were – thisis after being more negatively impacted for several quarters by the interest rate environment and credit costs. These businesses now are in full recovery mode and are out generating new assets and new relationship with our clients.
Brian Moynihan: I'd say, Glenn, those – depending on the asset, the type of loan, people have been in these markets for years, I think mortgage – I think, the other types of consumer credit, and then the commercial side. So sure that has an impact. But our job is to compete through it. But the reality of what's having an impact now, frankly, is that draw rates and lines of credit and stuff are low. And companies that are operating well – those companies that still need to get through the pandemic impact just aren't using their lines. And that's a bump along the bottom we've shown you as a long-term chart. So we feel good about our middle market and our business banking businesses, small businesses. We feel good about they're getting set up as the economy continues to improve and the growth will come back, and the services and rate we can provide are competitive. And so I don't think that'll ever change and I think it reaches further. Sometimes, it reaches the stuff we want to do as a company, obviously, in terms of leverage – extra amounts of leverage and things like that. But we feel we're very strong and competitive. And before the pandemic hit, we – middle-market will go mid-single digits and we'd expect to return back to that level.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. Well, - so I'll start with a couple of things. One is the number goes up this quarter because the average of the four quarters is a – move forward a quarter and that's a higher average, so we'll be able to do more this quarter. And then assuming the new rules come into effect in July, we have substantial cushions and we'll look to bring that cushion down. We're not going to – we're going to maintain a cushion over the – our requirement is 9.5%. We'll maintain a cushion over that. You'd expect us to move fairly a pace to start to bring us closer to the cushion, that was honestly held up by the suspension last year this time of our ability to repurchase stock at all for the first – for the second quarter, third quarter, and fourth quarter of last year, which if you go back and think about our original CCAR filings, we were going to buy back a substantial amount. So we'll get back on – back in the saddle and drive it forward. And also because the earnings power of the company continue to work the dividend. And so expect us to get right after as soon as we can.
Brian Moynihan: So Mike, you pointed out that the operating posture of the businesses continues to improve. But as you go across page 12, you got to remember and you well know this that in the – the stuff on the left-hand side of the page you had a rate environment that it finally after years had come up to some level of fed funds rate and short of LIBOR rates and stuff. And that helped our efficiency ratio move under 60%. But even if you look at this quarter at 68% and you back out the type of expenses that you drop in the low-60s, and then the NII improvement will – because that frankly as you well know, comes with very little expense attached to it and i.e. that we don't need more branches and more infrastructure, or more – even more commercial bankers as those loans' usage goes up and the spreads just spread off of our floors due to our massive deposit base. So I think you should expect that even on a pro forma basis, you could see the low-60s. You should expect it to move back in the levels you see here as we move through the year, pick up the NII. And then if rates start to move up, you'd even pick up more.
Brian Moynihan: Mike, on the technology side, we did – look, yes, I mean, technology initiatives last year were three and change, and this year would go up, frankly, a bit in those numbers we gave you because we continue to take advantage of that. And so I think 25 branches opened up in new cities this quarter, and we're seeing the success from that markets that we weren't in two or three, four, five years ago. We're now moving on the top 10, all organic, and driving off of that. And then salespeople. Now, that's what we probably lightened up last year just because the opportunities weren't there. But you're going to see us continue to reposition people from the efficiencies in the OpEx program to the front. And so headcount rose, really to support the exigencies of the circumstances. When you couldn't have your teammates anchored with each other, we had to have a few more of them move in the issues that were there for social distancing as working from home and overstaffing because of high-risk employees. So we ran up a little higher. And now you're starting to see it drift down. So that core number of headcount will drive our expenses. But the reality is we invested at the same rate last year in everything, except for incremental commercial bankers, probably, than we did in past years, and we're going to do it again this year because the payback is huge.
Brian Moynihan: Well, we're blending it. It's blending down because of the situation change. Obviously, as schools reopen and things like that, we can normalize the – we started last year this time and said, "Teammates, when you work from home, we'll give you $100 a day to hire somebody to come in at your home and take care of your kids, so you can do a great job for our clients." That's why our client scores continue to rise during the pandemic. Obviously, as schools will reopen, we've tailored that program. We will normalize it at the end of the second quarter. That's one thing. Obviously, PPP, Mike, it got extended again. But as we're seeing the volumes be more modest this time, we can start to shape those teammates out. That forgiveness program will take us longer just because it's a tail, obviously, but we're through 200,000 done. And so you'll see that happen, and the extra cleaning and meals for the teammates and the testing and all the things we've done, that will come down as we sort of normalize operations over the next six months. But it took longer because things like PPP came out two more times since – or two or three times. I guess we're in four, would be the right number. So it's good. But we're doing what we need to do to support our customers, 0.5 billion – or 0.5 million, excuse me, loans originated under four different programs, so the constant change in rules. At the peak, we had 10,000 people working on it. Now, we've got about 3,000 there and 3,000 in forgiveness, and we can work it back down. So I think over the next six months, you'll see it start to blend down piece after piece after piece.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So John, just to be simple-minded about it, the reason why we told you the full year is going to be higher is because we think it's $1 billion, $1.5 billion higher in the first quarter here that wasn't sort of, in our mind because of timing differences on some of the compensation matters and other things. So as you well know, we're pushing it back down as fast as possible.
Brian Moynihan: Just across loan growth, just to think about it, what's going to drive the company's P&L also on the consumer side, especially, if you look at by business, so the wealth management business actually has grown a little bit. You got the commercial business down, and consumer is down. Consumer is largely down because of mortgage churn, but the big thing that happened is cards came down. And what's been interesting to watch now – and so because we pulled back – this time last year's unemployment went to 15%. Everybody pulled back their underlying criteria, Matt. We've now reinstated, as Paul said. So what's happened? We did one million units of new cards a quarter. Going into the last year's first quarter, it fell as low as 400. It's back up to 600 and change already and moving north on that. And if you look by month, it's stacking back up. So yes, so that's – and if you look at where that's coming from, obviously, the branch system, which basically was run at around 2,500 of the 4,300 branches for the last six, eight months, nine months, is only catching back up as it opens up and sales come in. So that bodes well on, obviously, on the consumer side, on the cards, which are most important. Mortgages production will continue to kick back up, and prepayments will slow down at a slightly higher rate environment. You'll see that bodes well there. GWIM has done a – has some of the mortgage aspects, but on the type of lending that GWIM does to affluent, wealthy people, they've done a good job, and they've actually seen that grow. And then you go to the business banking, middle market, and that's all line usage. And so that should come through – in order for the economy to expand 7% this year, which is what our Bank of America team has it at, at some point, companies have to access capital to meet that final demand, and you should see that usage come up. So even in things like the card business, because there just aren't the cards to sell, you're seeing line usage down at lower level. So as you think across the things – the hold levels and things that Paul is talking about enable us to push a little harder just because of the sheer size of our company. But if you think about it, think about the flywheel that we have in the company as a production engine, having had necessarily to be slowed down in the crisis with 15% unemployment peaks and the final demand being crushed in the second quarter of last year, then turning that crank back up and just watch that flywheel start to take off, that's what we have good confidence in terms of getting right back on loan growth. But if you added all that together and we grew 5%, it'd be $45 billion of loans. So to Paul's point, you still have tremendous excess capacity because the deposit growth is so strong on core transactional deposits with the commercial and consumers.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So Betsy – and the two are not mutually exclusive at all, except way – at the margin, way away from where we are now. But with stock price increases and all the things that go into that calculation, as you all know, they're not all related to straight risk in terms of sheer size and stock – just things that go in. It is harder to maintain where we were at the end of last year. And you might expect that we may move up a bucket and take advantage of that by actually expanding the business in the markets business, where the opportunity is there, based on the capabilities that Jimmy and the team and Tom and the team have put together. So why would you do that? The reason why we do that is our clients have been growing, and we kept about a third of the size. And even if you took away some of the growth just due to the deposit things, it has come down around 20% the size of the company. And the idea is to keep it in synergy and synchronize it with the company's overall size, but the company has grown around it another step. And so we've told Tom – Tom and the team are working on ideas to continue to do that. We stay – we're a little bigger now than we were at year-end, obviously, first-quarter activity, but you shouldn't expect us to come down. Now, those ratios aren't effective for a bit of time here, so we'll see how it plays out. But if the opportunities there will take them, the team has done a great job and managed the risk well. If you look at the trading results for the quarter, look at it for last quarter, look at it throughout the pandemic, they've done a great job in managing risk-reward balance. And we're proud of them and the work they've done, and we're going to support them with some more capital.
Brian Moynihan: Well, that always starts with the – first thing that the reason why we do this is to serve our clients and do a great job and it flows through the numbers. As Mike said earlier, the idea that we run this huge consumer business at a cost advantage, which is significant due to the digitization of all the consumer activity due to the way customers interact this way we can help them the way and give guideposts. And frankly, that way we can take the fee structure out and that's – that we drop over our fees dramatically over the years and made up for it in terms of efficiency and other types of things. And so we get the word out, we tell everybody we win all kinds of awards, and the list goes on and on in terms of the different ranking agencies and they've seen, as the Merrill Edge growth, there's over 300 billion now. And so our job is to do a great job for our customers and I think, I'll leave to you and your colleagues to debate the relative merits of FinTech resources. But I will tell you – for a company making $8 billion and having 40 million new digital customers are fully active on the consumer side, half million on the digital on the – on the corporate side. The impact on our ability to have expenses be flat from even with extra money of $1.5 billion, so the first quarter from six years ago shows the impact of the ability to digitize as a company. And we learned more about this than last year in areas that we didn't do. So we'll keep pushing it out there. You can help us tell the story, but the reality is that the number one person we want to understand is our customers and that means attrition, you know, attrition in the customer is way down the penetration of their wallets way up. Just look at the wealth management statistics we threw in and see how that they've adapted to it. These are major changes, the size of which doesn't exist much out there. So we'll keep telling the way you keep telling a story. We'll keep telling the story but the key is it's producing, it's produced and they have kind earnings we're producing in the kind of efficiency we're producing, which continues to be down to our benefit going forward. The neatest thing about this stuff is where we go next with it – where we've been going with it. So Erica, there's just nothing close to it out there and driving it with volumes and things, so if you look at the charts on those pages and show it. And so it's the usage and the personalization and the ability to help people manage their payments and their things for the mass market and their investments. So we feel good about it we'll tell the story as often as we can, but the reality is I just – we'd like to see us keep growing a number of customers and drive in it and drive it on an integrated basis. We're putting major investments in a couple of areas. We had to improve merchant services, payments on the commercial side at the merchant level, and we've put major investments 401K technology to push that, with the number seven of that businesses is the lowest market position of any business we had, number six or seven of what we are. So these are major investments. We are making hundreds of millions of dollars a year that go into that expense base, better paid for by the efficiency of the core businesses.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We've done that work and I – we came up with a bigger number in terms of balance sheet capacity.
Brian Moynihan: We've managed the capital ratios to maintain the minimum requirement, that's not the issue, but I think it's just – it's hundreds of billions of dollars away. So…
Brian Moynihan: If you go to page 4, Jim, you can see it. I mean, you kind of summarized a bit. We went from 400 up to 600, it will turn back down just because – look at that chart. You can see that what produces next quarter's charge-offs is obviously on the right-hand side of this page and this come back – is coming down. So you have a balance that's lower, but also just half year delinquency. And as you think further out, it's going to come from the left-hand side of the page and migrate to the right from actual charge-offs. Leave aside the projected and provisioning under the sea. So you've got it right, it comes down and you would hope, frankly, that if you get the growth it might change this dynamic in six months or something like that just because it takes a lot of getting delinquency out anything, maybe much longer now. But this bodes well for the next couple of quarters.
Brian Moynihan: Look, it's a great little company that we can put across. The platform has a wonderful market position where it plays and we're very proud of the deal. But the key is that we – you got to go back to the whole history of merchant services. We sold half of it and a joint venture of 15 years ago now or whatever it was. Raise some capital, come forward, we bought it back. Remember, that's one of the reasons why our expense run rate moved up by $800 million to $900 million a year. People forget about us because we brought that in last year for half a year and it wasn't in two years ago. But the reason why bought it back is really to invest around that platform. So what is exciting about it is things like the acquisition to take us in the medical area. What's exciting about is the ability to actually sell it through this sales force without having to have a nano and sales force selling it in our small business and our business banking colleagues that thousands of people out there can and can help deliver the product and then what's really exciting is the integration of payment scheme that we've been working on for commercial payments. So it's an integration to the P2P which is held as a small business and all these payment gateways, which is outside the traditional merchant business but you have to be completely flexible along all payment schemes to actually rooted much more favorable to the merchant with very low cost to them. And in real-time contemporary value exchange. So what we're doing with real-time payments and Zelle and combination into the business platforms through the merger – through the payment gateways. These are all exciting things and you go larger and it's a different element and blockchain payments and everything else. So that's the core of the business on the commercial side but it goes all the way from small business all the way up to large companies and so that investment was part of that, the new investments were part of that and you expect us to keep driving at the implementation. The good news is we're getting the network effects of the Zelle and things like that. When you look at those pages that, Zelle's half the credit card charge volume used by our consumers to make payments now, the new line that for a minute think 35 million credit card people out there charge in the Zelle has reach and half of it checks down 25% of the last couple of years in terms of checks written by and by consumers. So you get the network effect of that and you get the merchants to use it in real-time. So this is all part of a thing that Thong Nguyen and Mark Monaco and team are leading and Faiz Ahmad on the commercial side that you should expect to see a lot. A lot of investments been made including a major replacement in the system that's coming to the P&L this year and the change in bringing the people fund fully on the balance sheet and a lot of investment will be made including acquisitions like we just made.
Brian Moynihan: I think, just on – it depends, literally, when you look in customers’ earnings power and things like that. But largely, I think, Paul and I last saw was a 30%-odd of the stimulus money has been spent to make it – to be a simple mind about it. And so the other 70% sitting in people's accounts are little different by stratification of the earnings power of the household. And so that has to be spent, that bodes well for an economic reopening and stuff. It has an effect on balances in cards and stuff, yes, because consumers have used to pay down their debt in part of what it has been spent – has been spent to pay down card balances. And then, with their limited travel we're just not getting as much use. But the good news is you watch January or February or March, with the virus and vaccine pathways come into for – was the – you're starting to see the purchase numbers go up. And the payments rate went way up as you've observed last year a 30%, to last year in this quarter. But you'd expect that that might be more constant and then users' rate will go up and start to drive some balanced growth which is good news. So the good news is the consumers are healthy from every aspect. We have no deferrals left except in the mortgage business. So all the debate we had about this last year this time through the system, delinquencies down, consumers sitting with their money in their accounts, and the economy opened up which bodes well and that's what you saw in the retail sales numbers today. And we expect that number those numbers to even be higher in the month of April because March was partly reopened in the month and the weather isn't too pleasant in the Northeast to even if you wanted to eat outside in the northern parts of the central country.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. And remember, where we play – where we lend money in the consumer space, we never came close to what the projected losses where we – we decide that the models projected that you knew by watching the consumer at delinquency and unemployment levels of our consumers. They're much lower in society and as that became clear that's what you're seeing coming through the reserve releases right now.
Brian Moynihan: Well, thank all of you for joining us. Thank you and the company produced $0.86 of earnings per share, $1 billion return, and tangible common equity is 17%. We look forward to talking to you next quarter and we continue to – we'll continue to drive responsible growth while we're doing it. Thank you.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So in terms of the second quarter, I think you're about right. We expect expenses just north of $14 billion dependent on the revenue environment and the amount of progress we make in taking down the COVID costs. In terms of your comment about our ability to manage expenses, we agree with you. I think as Brian noted in his opening comments, we've managed not to increase expenses for years now, and we've absorbed merit increases, investments, minimum wage, improvement in benefits, all the dramatic increase in processing volumes, digital increases. So we are sort of – as talked about in other calls, we've been using operational excellence and other initiatives to basically fund the investments in our future. I think our goal here is to clearly create operating leverage over an extended period of time. We've talked about maybe expenses rising maybe at a 1% level per year. And I think that's probably the best guidance we can give you. Absent again some of the ins and outs, we had a lot of variability this quarter. And obviously, we're sitting here in the middle of a pandemic with a lot of COVID expenses that have been a little bit more sticky than we had all hoped. But they're going to come out, there's no question about that. And so we'll get back to kind of a normal level of expenses and a very reasonable growth level over the long-term relative to revenue.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Just on reserves, absent a deterioration in an environment which we don't expect, we believe the reserves will continue to come down in the coming quarters as we remain – as the remaining uncertainties continue to diminish. In terms of the reserve versus sort of day-one CECL, every quarter we are reserving based upon the size and mix of our portfolio at that moment, and our view of the future is based upon independent sources. So as you think about that, you've got to recognize that our portfolio has changed. For example, card, which as you know has some of the highest reserve rate is down 25% from day-one. So you really need to think about how the mix has changed. You just can't go back to our reserve level on day-one which I think was 127 basis points if I'm not mistaken. And just apply that to today's numbers, I think you're going to do a little bit of a product mix there to get back. We've done that work and it shows we have still a significant, I'll call it, cushion to day-one.
Paul Donofrio: I would think of COVID expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $400 million of net COVID expenses. That was roughly flat, by the way, to last quarter. As Brian said, we ramped up for the new PPP and unemployment processing of claims. But we did offset some of that ramp-up with lower expenses associated with child care and supplemental pay and things like that.
Paul Donofrio: The model doesn't assume automatic deployment of liquidity. I think we're talking about the 100 up and 25 down.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. Look, we've been fairly careful about our guidance. There's a lot of moving pieces here. You've got amortization of premium that can move around. You've got loan growth, which is hard to predict. So we want to be careful about being too specific about how we get from here to there. I think we feel very good about getting to there. Again, the guidance that we gave you that NII in the fourth quarter could be $1 billion higher than what it was in the first quarter, that's based upon the forward curve materializing and some modest loan growth in the back half of the year. We've got some flexibility because we do have liquidity, can go faster or slower on in terms of investing. We'd like to put that in loan growth and not necessarily into securities, but we will invest it over time. We've got to see the amortization expense start to come down. It hasn't come down yet, even though mortgage rates have gone up. And like I said, we've got to see some loan growth, and we'll pick up at least two days here. So that's the best perspective I can give you.
Paul Donofrio: Well, let me back up because I want to make sure that everybody's clear about kind of what we have done. You went all the way back to 2019 – if you go all the way back to year-end 2019, deposits are up $450 billion, and loans are down $80 billion. So we created $530 billion of liquidity to deploy somewhere, plus we're going to see some more deposit growth. So the $530 billion of liquidity, we had to deploy it somewhere. Through the end of Q1, securities are up $380 billion, and cash and equivalents are up $150 billion to $300 billion. But as I said in the remarks, we bought treasuries, but on about $150 billion of those treasuries, we have interest rate swaps. So you can really think of the $300 billion of cash as being $450 billion in terms of our ability to fund loan growth or invest for turn or other uses. So we've been balancing liquidity, capital, and earnings throughout this whole process. We don't tend to make bets on interest rates one way or another. We just want to make sure that we can deliver for our customers no matter what happens. And I think we've been trying to do that as we've gone through this pandemic. Again, it's all about balancing liquidity, capital, and earnings.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, sure. I mean, look, we – in terms of – if you think about pre-pandemic underwriting criteria, we are, on the consumer side, I think, back to pre-pandemic now. In terms of the commercial side, there are still the affected industries that we're watching carefully, but everywhere else, I think we're back to pre-pandemic. And in light of the size of our company, in light of the need for loan growth, I think we're relaxed a little bit on some hold levels, particularly in global markets, where they have more of a moving than storage mentality around loans and what they do for customers. So yes, we're just taking a few maybe bigger positions than we might have otherwise taken pre-pandemic, but there's no real change in the underwriting standards. The company is bigger. We have more liquidity. We have more capital. So we think all of this is appropriate.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. Let me just give you a couple of perspectives. One, the premium amortization in the first quarter was about $1.5 billion. And as you point out, if the securities portfolio has grown, so as you try to size what it could come down to, you just can't go back to last year and look at what it was because the portfolio has gotten a lot bigger. That's sort of one. Two, and I think about that billion dollars, I would say the most important driver would be the modest loan growth and the second most important driver would be the reduction in premium amortization. So maybe that's enough guidance right there. Again, we're not going to go down to where it was in Q1. I really think, 4Q 2019, because we've grown so much. But it's going to be meaningful in terms of a few – more than a few $100 million in terms of that guidance we gave you.
Paul Donofrio: It's just the way out there, Steven. I don't think your numbers are right. And I feel – well, I'd be glad to take you through some calculations but I think the numbers are a lot bigger than you think.
Paul Donofrio: On the SRL, it's 100 basis points times the much bigger base or the 75 basis points for example, maintained by the quarter. So it's multiple of that. It's multiple – it's bigger than what we've grown so far from by the lot.
Paul Donofrio: We're 6.1 pro forma, right? So April 1, and that's $700 billion-ish of capacity down to the regulatory minimum. As you said, we'd want to have a buffer. But that's the rough math.
