Charles Noski: Betsy, I want to be very clear for you and everyone on the line as to what the range is that we gave today. This is a possible range, not a probable range. It could be as low as zero theoretically, up to a high end of the range that we think could be $7 billion to $10 billion based upon an array of different assumptions and judgments, none of which we've seen in evidence through current behavior either in the portfolios or by the counterparties. So we really, as I said, we really don't have a basis to make an accrual. We had a lot of interest from investors asking us to help understand what we thought about a possible exposure in the future. And until we can meet the accounting criteria to judge this is probable, we really don't have a basis to make an accrual. And certainly, we expect there will be additional provisions in future quarters. We don't think they're going to fall to zero. But we really don't have a basis. This is an array of alternative scenarios we did during our year-end planning process coming into the new year to try to size under various kinds of scenarios what might happen. But it doesn't even begin to rise to the level of probability that would allow us to do in the accounting nor do we frankly expect that we would lose that amount.
Charles Noski: Actually, Betsy, most of that other repurchase experience was with whole loan investors and that's rather episodic as it relates to private label investors and securitizations, that has been extremely modest.
Charles Noski: I think you should probably expect that we'll have some provisions there. They were both -- as I mentioned, the provision in the quarter was in our consumer businesses so it was more than just mortgage. And so there will be -- you saw in the Deposits business for the quarter that we reported a loss. Without the litigation provision associated with deposits that business would have been profitable in the quarter. But I think it's hard to think about a run rate for litigation expenses. Again, those will be based on the facts and circumstances and the judgments of our attorneys each quarter about the status of our overall litigation portfolio. Although, certainly a disproportionate part of our litigation portfolio is in the former Countrywide space.
Charles Noski: I would say, it would be largely the market being difficult and the lack of client flows. But certainly, as we look to manage our balance sheet more effectively, and think about the new capital rules, that has also had an impact.
Charles Noski: Maybe a small amount. But the big adjustment is the fair value option adjustment on the Merrill Lynch structured notes.
Charles Noski: Let's see, I think if you went looking in the Appendix, probably your best sense of the non-GSE portfolio would be back on Page 38, Paul. But I don't think we've cut back at all on the disclosure we've given you with respect to the performance of these individual portfolios and the actions with counterparties.
Charles Noski: We really, frankly, it's the entire portfolio. So if you look back on Slide 38, which shows the original principal balance I talked about earlier of $963 billion, how much remains unpaid and what we do is potentially at-risk. Our estimate contemplates that entire population because we believe we pretty well have taken care of GSEs already. But primarily it's monolines, it's private label, it's whole loan sales, it's all of that.
Charles Noski: John, we don't disclose the amount of our litigation reserves -- the balances. We'll talk to you about provisions but we're not going to share that.
Charles Noski: John, certainly, it's one of the 19 banks that participated in the process, we provided a whole array of information to our regulator. But I think that's viewed as supervisory information. I don't think we could really comment.
Charles Noski: I think I mentioned that hedge results to the fourth quarter was a benefit of about $250 million. We'd love to continue that but anticipating that we don't have that level of help in the first quarter 2011 is probably a good guess.
Charles Noski: John, remember there's a spike in the first quarter from FAS 123 which is when we pay the equity compensation and some of that has to get recognized upfront because of some of these.
Charles Noski: I think the pace is slow in prior quarters only because in the grand scheme we've gone from $12 billion, this is the high point, down to $6 million in pure charge-offs now. But we continue to see the delinquencies improved. The entry levels, what's going in, the raw rates are solid, what's coming in the card business and especially if you look at the core portfolios that we got the run-off portfolios and the not run-off portfolios and some of these businesses even that you look at them and it's very solid. So we are encouraged on the consumer side and what we've seen an early-stage delinquencies in all of the portfolios. But the pace of improvements will slow only because we had a long way to come from. And if when you look in the group of commercial, you can look at our criticized assets. You're seeing them start to come down when you see charge-offs and that bodes well for future credit costs obviously. So it's slower but it's relentless and it will continue to improve. and if you look at the vintages, what I was saying earlier, if you look st the vintages of the underwriting we did in '08 especially like halfway through '08 and out, we had a prediction for unemployment, things like that in card and mortgage stuff. It's been worsened out as nobody would predicted it right at the time. But our vintage is actually performing better than they've predicted in a worst economic scenario. And so our confidence is as we move each quarter, this will continue to improve. But the pace will be slower just because we have a long way to come from.
Charles Noski: On the Basel, what we have said is as each of the rules becomes effective at the end of this year, two in market-based risk rules and at the end of next year, three. At the day it becomes effective, with no implementation timeframe, we would have 8% or better in tier 01 common under the bank card rules. And so as you think about what we submit in these plans, you're submitting the standards of the current Basel I and the levels you have are end of things and we exceed those and then as we implement, we exceeded. So we have confidence what we've been done with the balance sheet now remains a balance sheet has reduced a lot of capital improvement for the year. And you can see on the slide earlier I mentioned in terms of Tier 1 improvement and things like that. So we put in plans. The regulators are looking at them as you know with everybody else. We did not contemplate something early this year, it's in the back half of the year. So it'd be very modest, but the idea is that it is consistent with the balance sheet to operating earnings, the work we've done this year to build Tier 1 Common ratio from 8.5, 8.6 this quarter, we feel confident that we got it. Now we still got to get through the approval and this was a bigger issue for us, three or four or five quarters ago but we cleaned up the balance sheet and restored the capital ratios to a point where it's pretty sizable and embedded in all of that is all the operating statistics and adverse scenarios and everything you've heard about. So we feel confident that we've asked for it, we'll see what happens with the regulators but it's because we've done a lot of hard work in 2010 selling businesses, reposition the franchise to get us there.
Charles Noski: Chris, unfortunately, the math is a bit more complex than that. I don't know if I'll be able to answer you. Certainly, it would be reasonable to think that the fewer payments that get made before a loan goes into default would suggest a high level of risk. I'd also refer you to Page 21 because as we did our array of different scenarios and looked at a set of assumptions and again these were guesses because we don't have any experience. But if you look at some of the significant differences between GSE and private label reps and warranty rights, we try to make different judgments around some of the criteria that you see on Page 21 to try to get a sense of what -- because those are important leverage points, materiality causation, disclosures, the rights to actually make claim presentations and the like, these are all pretty significant hurdles in our view and you've got to make some judgments about whether or not private label investors can aggregate and actually achieve and overcome those hurdles. And then you have to think about the performance and the characteristics of the portfolio on Page 38.
Charles Noski: Yes, the private label claims that we have mentioned here, I'm not sure one quarter drives a trend, Chris. I think you need to appreciate. Certainly we've seen this with both the monolines and the GSEs is that they don't tend to follow a chronological order. So you and I might think first they'll do pre-2005, then they do 2005, and 2006 and 2007, that hasn't been our experience. We've had new claim submissions kind of all over the map. And so it's certainly something we are watching but this is certainly impacted in the quarter by the claims that are described in the footnote 1 at the bottom of Page 18.
Charles Noski: And margins as well. As rates came up and we thought about how to be competitive. And frankly, Chris, we are not driving for market share in this business. We are driving for solid risk management and good profitable performance.
Charles Noski: I would say, Glenn, it's driven more by liquidity and the balance sheet management, interest rate risk management activities in our discretionary portfolio. So not necessarily view that as a trend. I mean we do look at the our liquidity and rates and the like.
Charles Noski: We can get back to you, but we're not taking any different duration risk than we've been all years. So I think it's probably just -- we'll get back to you with the exact answer.
Charles Noski: I think the thing to think about, again, we think this is a possible range we're trying to respond to some investor concerns about given the broad range of estimates that are out there, we try to bring some color to that. Again we think this happens over a number of years in terms of the resolution of this. But I'm not going to dispute your math given that it's a pre-tax number. It's after our accruals. We think it's going to occur over a number of years. We don't have a view as to where we will fall in that range. So we said it's probably more than zero that's why you expect to have some level of future provisions. We'll have to see and we just don't have enough experience in the portfolio to try to estimate anymore precisely the math.
Charles Noski: The only comment is and I mean this is a very rough assessment is that you would imagine to the extent that there are fewer and fewer payments between origination and default might suggest that those might be areas of particular risk when it comes to reps and warranties. I wouldn't read anything more into the statement than that, Mike.
Charles Noski: Remember, there was fourth quarter severance and some benefits adjustments across the whole associate population just from an accounting standpoint in terms of the comp to revenue statistics that investment banks that people like to focus on. We ended the year kind of in the mid-30s, I think perhaps 37%.
Charles Noski: And of course, remember with GUM that those are financial advisors, they operate and they get paid on a grid basis. And so as they have a more and more successful year during the year, they move to different measures in that grid that will award them for volume.
Charles Noski: That would be the goal as to go more expense and less expense. But also we have products that are frankly unavailable in parts of our franchise just because of the all things that have been going on, we're now at the point we can actually do this. The planning is -- part of the expenses in the latter part of the year in Deposits business has been to start to work. It's an 18-month process so it would occur in '11 and then in '12. But there is absolutely an expense in the simplification value to this but the real value is one of the four systems operate in a lot of franchise and it works and that's been going on for about two or three years. But the real value of all this is to actually give 100% of our customers, 100% of our product capabilities with absolute flow and that simplifies both our associates' life, our customers' life and also really unified our franchise. So there is both the takeout value but there is really an enhanced value in terms of each time we develop a consumer change, we have to do it 4x.
Charles Noski: I think we'll have to get back to you on that one, Meredith. It's kind of a year-end assessment as it related to certain of our real estate portfolios. But we'll get back to you on that. The other two or three adjustments and those types just are based on the same statistics you looked at. We objectively tie them to another metrics and then adjust. And as those came up a little less than what's expected in the last couple of months, we adjust them down. So it's not some internal forecast either adjusting based on the outside forecast. I mean, we can get you the numbers.
Brian Moynihan: We have not given guidance on PP&R and there are a couple of reasons. But the main one is that with a credit card business you can lead yourself to, and we talked about this in a few earnings calls ago, you can leave yourselves to a number when we had $30 billion, $40 billion of credit card charge-offs that the PP&R is fine but you're always going to have the charge-off rate of some magnitude in there. And that then could lead in conclusion that it will go into zero and it won't because the cost to goods sold in credit card is part of credit card costs. So I think Chuck gave you various -- as he went through his presentation, various points of view about net interest income and it would sort of continue down as the interest rate environment and we had a good hedge quarter on that and that helped this quarter as it flattens and comes down and will flatten in the middle of next year and come back up. Expenses I think we gave as guidance for this. In terms of PP&R, we struggle a little bit. I know that, that's a number that you track closely but we struggle a little bit of how you guide people on it overall but also important how it really plays into the context of the company that has a large credit card portfolio.
Brian Moynihan: I think, John, in respect to Chuck give his perspective, I think there is a big lag expense run rate and if you look at Page 25 you can sort of see you've got two broad concepts. One is some of the one-time expenses, the extra litigation, higher level litigation in the quarter and things like that, year-in cleanup, professional fee and things that typically happen in the fourth quarter. So that's sort of one thing that you can neutralize. You can look over the quarters and smooth some of that our and think about that as a run rate question. But the second is the attention of personnel to work on the bad credit in a mortgage and that's why I tried to shape really a little bit. So during 2010 we added 13,000 people dedicated. We otherwise would need but they're working to help, dedicated to the task of helping on the mortgage cleanup. That's going to be elevated all through '11. It will take us '11 but probably half way through '12 before we sort of really get on downward side of being able to get through all that work and so those costs will stay in. So I think Chuck said overall, we don't think expenses are going to stay at these levels. And as they go up on comp or something like that, that's going to be revenue-related which should be good news. But the core expense run rate is sort of there and then as we work through this year and we'll be able to start to take it out as the mortgage activity, in particular in other activities like that start to subside.
Brian Moynihan: There's no real news on the discussions and there was an extension that was filed at the end of January, and we continue to talk to people but we haven't changed our posture. we're not doing anything. It's not going to be in our shareholders' best interest but we always want to talk to everybody in the world to make sure we understand where they stand.
Brian Moynihan: I would say that we have been taking out what we would -- think about three in both and other things. We've been downsizing our -- we took our prop business down and it's actually almost done and we've done earlier this year. But overall, the rest of the impact is relatively modest. And I would not put the fourth quarter into Basel III and those types of things. I think it just was a tougher quarter in terms of client activity and tougher quarter in terms of market. And it's not any one area, we looked -- across the board we just had lower revenues and a lot of part of December nothing happened. So I wouldn't be focused on that. I think we're still comfortable with the average type of run rates we talked about, $4.5 billion, $5 billion in total revenue in sales trading platform that you can see if you look back. And we continue to size the business appropriately that way. Tom has made the changes there. So I wouldn't say that Basel III is going to affect us. We're going to run it tightly. We're going it run the balance sheet tightly, it's more because the economics involved than anything else. In this quarter. I'd really struck it up to in sort of a malaise and a tougher market quarter.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, that's total revenue and capital market activities. it's going to bounce around. I mean, just look at the last four quarters, you can see a wide range. I think that's a little more pronounced this year especially because the loan quarter was so high. But I think if you look at it over time, if we don't get that kind of run rate, we're going to have to resize the business because that's what's needed to appear the right return.
Brian Moynihan: It's hard to reflect on that, there's a lot of groups involved and you've seen them talking to press about what's going on, and we won't do that. What I will tell you though is we did a thorough review. We identified what we needed to do to make sure that we could erase from anybody's memory that there is any lack of precision, integrity, discipline in the process and we've restarted the process based on that and we dedicated lots of people, lots of work to make sure that there'll be no question about it. Resolving the types of things you're talking about will take some time. But the key is that we've actually done the work, completed it, brought in the outside review, brought in the inside review and are back working on it and working through this very difficult situation for the borrowers. So that separates where the regulatory and other issues away from the activity of starting to progress and the answer to that is yes.
Brian Moynihan: I think what we've said in the past still stands over time. We have to mitigate all of it because we have to get the returns of business back to what we need. But in the short term the transition and as Chuck said in his comments, we'll be slower just because you loss revenue instantaneously and it takes a while. But the key things we've done and you've seen in the press report is we have restructured our account structure and during the course of 2011 it's out in the pilot state. It will ultimately roll through the entire customer base over the next three or four quarters. And that allows us to -- we think in the right way to recover the revenue that will then in '12 and 13 is that the structure goes through. And so I think that's our -- that'd be our statement sort of -- that'd be our clarity on sort of timing. '11 is a transition year. '12 we start to recover and it will take a little time. And as interest rates rise, we have to remember that interest rates are multitude of effect on that business, the low interest rate environment, the value deposits, then the fee side in it over time. So if interest rates rise, we're going to have to have disciplined pricing at our structure and the team has done that to gather back some of it there too.
Brian Moynihan: Let me, a couple of things. One is, in all our businesses we continue to manage it and reposition. so if you take our Global Banking and Markets business, the headcount for the year is sort of flattish but we have 1,000 more -- 800 to 1,000 more people working outside the United States and reduced inside United States and in Europe to fund that Asia growing, Latin America, the places. So we continue to reposition people even within the context of headcount being very, very flat. I'd say it's absolutely something we will continue to focus on. As expenses, we'll continue to focus on it across the company broadly. And as we shape the company more normally, I gave you the one group in mortgage, but it's actually broader. But let's just -- the additional people we put on in 2010 and then to we got mortgage, we got card business, we continue to get the dividend as you see the delinquencies in cost come down there. And then you've got in the commercial areas, we continue to collect and bring criticized assets down. And then overall, we got to bring the overhead and this company down and the team we're working on that and we'll continue to embed that as we go through the next several quarters. You're exactly right, we're still settling this company in. We've got to make sure that we've got all the things settled in. And then so the timing of that is as we move through this year, we'll get more and more aggressive on that but right now we have to be careful to make sure that we don't have any backwards movement in terms of some of the improvements in risks and controls and getting the mortgage foreclosure. So we're trying to balance that. But we know how to take out costs, we've done it many times before and we'll continue to do that. And so what we really ought to do is get strong operating leverage as revenues do improve and there's still some headwinds, we agree with you, but that trading revenue this quarter is down and it will come back up and if it doesn't, we'll adjust the size of that platform to make it up for it. But as revenues improve, the key is to continue to make get the expenses to sort of stay in the flattish category even as revenues are coming back up and that's what the team is working on. Some place like that retail area, in the consumer brand system, we continue to downsize. I think we've done 250 branches. We'll continue to work on that as customer change takes place. This is all over the area but we are doing more broad-based work and we'll continue to do that. But there is a balance here just making sure that we keep the stability and the strength moving forward in reality of where we are in the cycle and some of these collection issues.
Brian Moynihan: I was maybe not clear out there. But we have a formal plan every month when we do our business reviews. So it's not as mysterious as leading it out and we drive it.
Brian Moynihan: What we said is that as each of the rules becomes effective, remember there's more than just Basel III, there's Basel II. We are going -- the Basel II Rules, the market base risk rules and then the Basel III. As each of them becomes affected by Tier 1 common ratio under the rules as they become affected with no phase and periods would be above 800 basis points.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, Chris, we focused on the lost loan and the production is driven by the funding and that's just the difference. So production was up but the actual lost loans were down.
Brian Moynihan: If you look 14 just in terms of core activities, Glenn, that $18 billion which includes the revenue which is on the balance sheet would be a $3.4 billion net increase, if you just took the residential as a whole discussion in the corner. So to address the corporate portfolio consumer stabilizes as we've said and continue to move forward and residential is more discretionary to what we do on a given day holding it except in our private banking and other areas where we hold those clients' loans because it's -- and we've always done.
Brian Moynihan: I think we've given you a pretty broad description on that 10-K, Glenn, but I think from quarter-to-quarter we don't.
Brian Moynihan: We monitor the customer reactions to the price points and the various things. I would say that the philosophy, the account structure, the five or six core accounts, I don't think will change. It will be what -- they can't balance minimums or the price point on particular elements. So as you think about it, think about it is a relentless push to get through and redo everything. The question whether you pay $9 a month if you want paper statements or $8 a month if there's a kind of thing will test in that. So it's more the price points around the structure and the acceptance. Now, remember one of those accounts in the new structures is the account which is 35% to 40% of the sales today that's been in the market fully in all the states now for six months or eight months and is very well received. And especially among the obvious people you'd point to, the younger people, people who are particularly happy to use the seller online platform we have, chat, text the whole nine yards.
Brian Moynihan: I gave the number for the middle market book, Mike. And it was around 31% in a stable third quarter and fourth quarter. That's not -- in the large corporate book, you have the things that you could hold the loan and settle down and things like that, the middle market book that doesn't happen. Because this is loans that -- side of the company from $2 million of revenues is up $1 billion, so it's more core activity. But if you separate all that out, what we're really seeing is in the November, October November, December timeframe versus the last eight quarters, you're starting to see activity starts to move forward and grow a little bit here and there. And we have real estate coming out from some of these books and stuff. So the activity is 31% stable. The activity in the core middle market, I don't think it's affected by that. That was more on a large corporate book and that would be in GCIB segment under GBM. So this is just core activity, Mike. And believe me, it's not robust and growing at x percentage, just stable and moving forward a little bit which is better than it has been in a while.
Brian Moynihan: Taking the basic businesses we operate outside of the United States which should be the Global Wealth Management business and the Global Corporate Investment Banking and the Global Markets business, in Asia, Latin America, and Africa and EMEA, we have grown headcount by 1,000 and overall headcount is flat in our GCIB, in our GBM, the Global Banking Market space, to give you a sense. So I'd expect those trends to continue, so we're always adding new talent out of the business schools and we hire a robust class at business schools and undergraduates, so we always do merit. But what we're doing is shifting the talent to where the bigger growth opportunity is while still maintaining our leading presence in the United States and all those categories. So that is a trend I think would continue. And then in the context that Tom has in the third quarter, fourth quarter once we're around a series of headcount reductions overall and then we're adding people back. If you think about our risk management organization, for example, we had also grow that outside United States to help make sure we monitor the risk and manage that business well. When you go in the GUM, the answer is pretty clear that we want to grow our financial advisor accountant and our wealth management bank account and our private banker account and we've done that by 500 to 600 people this year and with that you should expect that to continue. And I honestly would say that, that growth rate this year was somewhat disappointing to me. I mean, not from expense budget but from a growth of the franchise we'd expect that number to be stronger. And we have seen attrition is an all-time and our recruiting efforts are picking up but we need to grow that because our biggest opportunity inside the United States is around the Wealth Management space even though we got $4.3 billion in revenues and next year's competitor might be $1 billion below that. If you look at commercial banking stable, if you look at the consumer business, generally we continue to manage down the headcount, in the Card businesses, the credit has gotten better. In the Deposits business, I'd expect it to continue to come down, going to the question earlier about sort of structural change. And then at the mortgage, you're running 55,000 people and I think the business, three years out, soon this is all behind us. The other thing is the 30,000, 35,000 person business and maybe very robust production higher than but it's a different side and it's just going to take us time to get through. I think that covered each of the business.
Brian Moynihan: The usual cases and stuff like that. I think there's nothing in particular that we talked about externally. But we have a series of cases around -- that everybody has around activities in there and this quarter we proved part of it.
Michael Mayo: So if we think about it on a book value basis, this might hurt to give 10 billion shares to take 37% of the $7 billion to $10 billion divided by 10 billion shares would be a hit of around $0.45 to $0.65 to book value to clean up the issue. I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
Michael Mayo: And then if you could elaborate on the statement, the fewer payments made before default, the higher level of risk. In other words, you said 58% of the non-GSE loans that defaulted made at least 25 payments. I just would like to understand the significance of that a little more.
Michael Mayo: And then separate topic. Compensation was up 5% linked quarter and you didn't highlight any one-time items on Page 10. Is there anything unusual there? Seasonal, it seems like big comp quarter given the revenues.
Michael Mayo: What was the actual loan utilization numbers third quarter to fourth quarter? And how much did the increase in loan syndication's linked quarter contribute to your loan growth? And just a little more color behind your comment, Brian, that you thought things were kind of picking up.
