Brian Moynihan: Thank you, Lee and good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us today. Before I pass the call to Paul to review the fourth quarter, I want to hit a few points. First I want to provide some brief commentary on 2020 for the full year then talk about what we see in the economy as we enter 2021, and then highlight some areas where I believe we made strong strategic progress that will drive momentum into 2021 and beyond. So starting on slide two. 2020 was a tough operating environment as you all know. In that period, we generated net income of nearly $18 billion or $1.87 in EPS and earned a return above our cost of capital. Our EPS was down 32% compared to 2019 driven by the impacts of coronavirus pandemic on the company and the economy. As you know, the Fed dropped rates to nearly zero. Longer rates also fell to historic lows. Loan demand surged and then waned as the panic subsided. That reduced net interest income. But as we told you last quarter that we believed that NII had likely bottomed in the third quarter of 2019. In fact, we saw a modest improvement this quarter which Paul will cover later despite the challenges from lower loans. Non-interest revenue declined slightly, but included some interesting dynamics highlighting diversity of Bank of America's model. Consumer fees declined driven by the activity levels of clients, but also by higher account balances and customer accounts. That's a good thing for the economy going forward. Our business mix allowed us to benefit from more market-related activities in sales and trading, investment banking and investment brokerage in the wealth management businesses. Our full year revenue of $15 billion from sales and trading rose 17% and we generated more than $7 billion of Investment Banking revenues this year an increase of 27% over last year.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, John that's all in given the -- so around $55 billion both years since we feel good about the ability to keep bringing down COVID. It came out a little slower this quarter largely, due to the fact that, if you go back and think where we were in October on case counts the need to continue to provide strong benefits to our teammates, including the child care in their homes so they could be effective that's why we get those customer scores, and why the growth in checking sales was 70%, 80% of a normal year even with half to 40% of the branches closed. So, yes, flat year-over-year all-in number. And then we're working the dynamics underneath it. But importantly remember, we are investing $3.5 billion in technology next year, new financial centers expansion employees to help sell more, and we'll continue to drive it through. So you'll see sort of a change in the COVID cost coming down hopefully as we move through the year, but we've got some work to do, but flat over year-over-year overall.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We should start to work down. Again either, as we said many years ago, as we get in the out years and get more and more efficient the day-to-day the quotidian costs of rent increases and payroll pay increases work at you. But the idea is to have the net expense grow sort of at 1% a year. So, 3% up from just day-to-day cost to manage a couple of percents out and so we'll continue to work that down in the future. We've got work to do on getting these COVID expenses out of here.
Brian Moynihan: So Mike, I take you back to page 11 on the net interest yield, and net interest income, and realize that basically in the four quarters of last year we lost $2 billion of revenue per quarter, which is the bridge from -- a lot of that bridge. And so as we work that back up and ultimately as rates rise that $2 billion that's per quarter so $8 billion in revenue, with really no cost. That will go up. So we continue to get more efficient in the branch as the cost of operating over the deposit base is now at 1.35%, and we added 700,000 of checking accounts. So you're right it's -- but it's more affected by the revenue impact to NII than it is by anything else in terms of expenses. Remember, we're saying net COVID cost of $300 million or $400 million. That includes offsetting against that whole savings on travel and stuff. The gross costs are obviously much higher than that. We've got about -- just we opened up PPP today. We've got 5,000 employees ready to go to complete the next round of PPP and the forgiveness process. And as that finishes off that stuff will come out of the system. So we got you.
Brian Moynihan: Once we get the -- the simple way to think about it, Mike, is once you sort of get underneath the levels, you start growing the loan growth. And we said, we'll outgrow the economy in loan growth in normalized times and in FD, NII. So – yeah, but we've got to work it back up from here. It's a four or five quarter fight to kind of get this huge balance sheet turn and repositioned and just fight it down and then to have it grow back out. So we'll see.
Brian Moynihan: Glenn, let's go backwards to that one. The big leverage point would be more deposit acquisitions in markets we're not and stuff like that, but we can't do it. It's illegal and has been for all the way back since GLBA or whatever it was 20, 30 years ago so or even before–. And then asset management, remember, we sold asset management because we believed that being the large distributor is the priority. So don't expect us -- we look at stuff from time-to-time like everybody does. But the way we're going to -- we built this company was organic growth and then delivering the capital back to the shareholders. And what's interesting, we'll see what the rules change. But remember that things like the SLR and the accommodations that were given, we didn't need and we have plenty of SLR. It doesn't have any constraint. It doesn't become an issue. Like you said even if you look at the SCB recalcs and stuff we've got plenty over that. So we will be aggressive on returning capital. We got basically two months to return those $3 billion and change we've got to return now. And then we'll see what the Fed instructions are and then we'll get after it as we move forward. And we look at things from time-to-time, but they -- there just isn't much to consider in the United States right now and the best answer is to continue development of this franchise on an organic basis and it works. If you look in the markets, we've expanded our brand system too. We're averaging $100 million or more in deposits per branch in the ones that have been open a couple of years and moving share up literally year-by-year-by-year. And so we think that that's where we got to keep driving.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We always said sort of 50 basis points above the relevant binding criterias where you'd start to slow down. But remember, we're basically only getting back to earnings. And so we got a lot of room between us and whatever the requirement is plus 50 basis points. And from time-to-time those move around advance to standardize SLR whatever is binding. But think about that's where the Board targets are.
Brian Moynihan: Well, so why -- if a customer comes to you to open a checking account and start a lifetime relationship, you'd never turn that down whether it's a commercial customer or a consumer customer for core deposits. And so, if you look at the growth, we're not bidding for CDs or -- and money markets on the consumer side. You can see that $108 billion of the $160 billion was checking account balance growth. And by the way when rates rose before, we continued our checking account growth and we would expect that to continue because these are core customer relationships. So, if you go back and look as rates rose 2016, 2017, 2018, we continued to grow checking in double-digit type of numbers quarter after quarter after quarter, which means, you're just taking market share. And so on the commercial side the same thing in the GTS business. We are not out in the market taking short-term deposits from people. Haven't been. And that's -- and so this is all real core stuff that we're getting paid to take. And albeit, it gets sandwiched a little bit as the zero floors are hit in the commercial side frankly that services overcome the zero floor, but you'd be hard pressed to turn it down. So, it's not like we have a lot of here's a few billion dollars, can you put it on your balance sheet and give us yield? That just doesn't happen. We don't do that. We turned that down already.
Brian Moynihan: So Betsy, just to give you some extra information, we included. If you look at page 27 of the deck in the appendix and the four charts at the bottom were put in specifically because this question we knew would arise. So, if you look across the buckets and you look from the mid 2019 to the end of '20, you can see the different delinquency buckets are all down, even the 90-plus days down in gross dollar amount year-over-year. But you can see that the -- what people thought was sort of the analogy of a pig through a snake is probably more of a mouse through the snake in that it went up it's still a lower dollar amount. And then it would come back down because, you move from the left to the right side of the page. And if you go back to page 14, you can actually see in the top chart that the total charge-offs in consumer this quarter were $482 million. If you look in the red bars which is the credit card, you can see that they're down dramatically year-over-year in terms of gross dollar amounts and then this will bode well in the future. So when we talk about going back up, they're going up from a level that was much below where they have ever been historically in terms of dollar amounts. And so the last point you made just so you have it is that the unemployment rate in our customer base is below the unemployment rate in American society. And that's just due to the -- especially on the borrowing customer base due to the client selection and being in the prime business.
Brian Moynihan: The care there is to think the consumer is really at this point, sort of, run the course. And the commercial, the reserves have built and the activity may occur in the out quarters. But the consumer runs the course by just straight throughput five to 30, 30 to 60, 60 to 90. So we're showing you the charts that really tell you what's going to happen in the first half and because it's a pretty mathematical calculation.
Brian Moynihan: Well, our plans are to keep running it the way we do. And if you look at it year-over-year, it's an integrated business markets. Jimmy does a good job. It's up -- we showed you on that chart. It's up -- it's one of the highest years it's ever had 15% or whatever it is up year-over-year. So they do a great job. We don't play in certain areas, which run on a given quarter. Interesting enough when they don't run people forget about that. And so we have a more of a stable level of revenue. So if you look on page 24, you'll see that $13.2 billion, $13.3 billion, $12.9 billion, $15.2 billion, so we had a good year. And the FICC was up from $8.4 billion to $9.7 billion in revenue, which is substantial and some of the areas we don't trade in. So we're more credit driven and that's what that drives us versus some of the competitors. We're happy with the business. They do a great job. And it's really there to help drive the connectivity between our issuing clients and our investing clients. And we'll continue to do -- drive it.
Brian Moynihan: I think the biggest line item is the interchange-type dynamics in both debit and credit. And they're growing, but they are recovering from a deficit as I spoke about earlier. So that -- yes, that should help. And then the numbers of transaction accounts go up. But remember, we've had a strategy that is to lower clients' overcharges -- overdraft charges by our safe balance account, which were three million accounts round numbers. And we're trying to get customers to really use our services in a way that benefits them the most. And so that works against the overdraft line as the sheer dollar volume goes up. So we'll see. But what's really also driving us is just sheer numbers of growth in accounts will be the driver. It will grow slowly though because we have been constantly taking down. We have the lowest percentage of overdrafts as total fees in consumer of any of the large peers and we'll continue to drive that down, because that means the customer's in good shape.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. I think it's still getting -- we put the new system and we're starting to sell it that we feel, okay. We feel it's a core part of our business. But one of the things that's held it back is that's a sales process, which is more integral to the types of people who use merchant services to be open more and that's obviously affected by COVID. So, its okay, but we need to improve it.
Brian Moynihan: Well, let me just -- the issue was if you think about being a large consumer lender and especially you watch the unsecured space when March, April, May hit you pulled in and even in the small business space. So, the good news is, is that we're reverting to norm. And so in December, for example, we had 198,000 booked accounts in credit card. That -- 191,000, that's the highest really going back to pre-COVID days, but we were running 300,000 back then. So we got some work to do to get it back to the full amount on the card side, for example. In terms of mortgage. Again, we are careful there, but also we're conservative on rates and we gone to look at that. So, we booked about $7 billion in the secured lending side including mortgage in the core consumer business. And so we feel better about that. Auto picked back up, but home equity is down to $0.5 billion a quarter or something like that when it was running $3 billion or something. So we've got some room to go. But the good news is the card is stable the balances are sort of stabilized. And at the 85 million you have some seasonality, but at least they stabilize there. And then the mortgage looks like we're picking back up a bit as we've made some adjustments and gone back to the more normalized underwriting, and auto has been strong. So we'll see it play out. But you're right, we had to pull back and have lost about half the credit card volume on a given month. And we're picked back up to -- from 150 million at the low point to 200 million, but we've got some work to do.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. So let me start with the commercial side. And this is about sort of the relationship side of commercial business, Business Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Global Corporate Investment Banking. Basically in March, April, we stopped prospecting frankly because it was sort of impossible to do plus you want to make sure you understood the portfolios. We've done quarterly portfolio reviews, every single loan going through to make sure the ratings are right make sure we understood with the customer to make sure we understood whether they're going to need covenant waivers. That over the course of the time here has sorted the group of customers which are in the industries that Paul talked about that are difficult. And the rest of the customers are solid in good shape. And frankly, their credit has been improving as we looked at it by quarter. And so about four months ago, we moved into prospecting with very narrow list of prospects for Business Bank and Global Commercial Banking think for middle market and upper end of small business across all our markets. But then recently we flipped and they can go back to full prospecting except for limited industries that you'd expect. On the small business side because of the nature of the business, it was a little more dramatic and we've opened back up. And we're getting -- we're up I think in the fourth quarter to give you a sense we were up 50% in terms of the originations quarter-over-quarter, but we're still -- we were up a lot more than that more than 50%. We're still down 50% year-over-year up 100-plus percent in quarter -- linked-quarter I think. And so new commitments up 135%; but year-over-year still down 47%. So that shows you that's coming through and we will see that happen in the small business side. So, that was probably the slowest because it's -- they are the most risk. And so that's the commercial side. When you go to the consumer side, the reality was we basically -- we stayed on LTVs on the commercial -- on the consumer mortgage side. We basically stopped with the FICO requirements we slowed down and do the market dynamics home equity slowed down. Auto, we went back out more quickly just because of the secured nature of and short-term nature of it. So, we felt good about that and probably we're always super prime and stayed there. But it's really what's changed in consumer in the last several -- last few months has been the move. And we're back to probably 80%, 90% of the ability to generate that we had. We were down probably 20% and we moved back up and so we'll see that flow through. But it was really just until you had some clarity where this thing was going you had to be careful for a while. So, that bodes well to economic activity and loan growth in the future.
Brian Moynihan: Yes and Gerard just to make it sort of straightforward. Once you got by the feeling this was an ephemeral move; and especially, on the corporate side that this was going to be what a state whether you could be a little more interested. On the consumer side, you always know those are going to hang, but the reality is the big inflow on the commercial side you had to make sure it wasn't a ephemeral.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, I don't -- I'm not sure we -- well, I'm not sure we give the exact methodology, but let me just give you a sense. If you take our reserve setting weighting in other words what we set the reserve by December for year end 2020, because we set it before the statistics, the unemployment rate was 7.8% and for year end 2021 it was 6.6%. And obviously the actual was 100 basis points-plus below that. So, you would expect as you have more confidence that the forward path is into a narrower range and the forward probability two things are going to happen as you go forward. One is the sheer dollar volumes of site activity has changed and so you're dealing with less in terms of charge-offs and things like that which gives you confidence of where the path is. But most importantly, as you think about real reserve setting and lifetime reserves is that the economic assumptions are clarifying and the end of the COVID era is clarified with the vaccine. And as we see that you'll see the uncertainty come down pretty quickly on the other side of that when that shows up in our assumptions. So we weighted downside nearly 50% of the elements. That weighting will come down over time. And so when that comes down over time, you'll see the reserves releases come away from that. The second thing is as the duration of the rest of the crisis comes in with more certainty i.e. more people vaccinated, you also see the lifetime calculation include the other side of the river to a bigger and bigger portion and so that will drive it. So both of those things will change it. And as Paul said earlier, if you look at our underlying economics team they have the economy crossing over where it was before and growing past in terms of sheer size at the end of this year and our reserve setting takes it into next year and things like that. So we are using a more conservative case which implies judgment.
Brian Moynihan: Well a decade-plus ago we started changing before the rules were changed our posture in overdraft fees realizing that a more stable customer base was vastly better for the franchise in the operating deficiency. And so we welcome an industry which has a great consumer-oriented path to it, because that's how we run our company. We've been doing it that way for a long time. So our fees on overdrafts have been declining really as a percentage of fees every year and probably in gross dollar amounts most years. And so we're not depending on those largely because of how we run the business being core customer checks 90%-plus the primary checking account in the household. And therefore they tend to overdraft less. And this year with the stimulus and stuff it's even lower. So we welcome -- we introduced this new loan product that basically gives a right to get an emergency loan for $5. And that is our response to allowing our customers who've been with us for a while to access their money for really no interest at all and use it in anticipation of paying us back quickly. These are things we've done to really help our retail customer segment, which is the mass market customer segment on manage their lives effectively. And so we don't have a business built on those kind of fee structures and that's we're not -- that's why we not -- we welcome any regulation that brings the market to us, because as the most efficient and the best brand and the best customer service the largest franchise that's fine with us.
Brian Moynihan: Okay. Thanks. Let me finish here and let you get back to your day. 2020 let's close the book on that. It was a strong year by the team. As we think about what we faced: A wild operating environment with work-from-home, massive customer deferrals that diminished over the course of the year, massive borrowing that paid us back, deposit inflows, government programs to implement, changes in those government programs, multiple cases of those government programs and yet the team did a great job. So I thank the team for all the hard work they did. We finished the year stronger than -- the stronger quarter of the three during the crisis. We continue to see asset quality and -- mitigate now. And so we feel good. We're back in the market buying back stock today. We told you we'll buy $3 billion-plus this quarter. Our strong balance sheet capital ratios allow us to do that. And as we also said NII troughed in the third quarter and we continue to push up from here. And expenses year-over-year will be flattish, despite the fact we're investing heavily to have the best franchise. So thank you for your support. We look forward to talking to you next time. Thanks. 
Paul Donofrio: We didn't give specific guidance. I can give you a little more color on our perspectives on 2021. But I do think as you think about how you want to estimate and model NII and how it may unfold in 2021, I think it's really sort of helpful to kind of review the progress we made in 2020. There's a lot of clues there. Remember in Q1 of '20, interest rates fell to historically low levels. Short rates were down 150 and long rates were down 100 basis points plus loans declined significantly beginning in Q2 as demand weakened and larger companies accessed the capital markets to pay down debt and build liquidity.  In the past, when we've had situations like this where interest rates and/or loans have declined, it's always taken sort of several quarters to reach a point where renewed balance sheet growth was significant enough to compensate. We believe we found that NII bottom in Q3 and NII indeed moved higher in Q4. All else equal day count et cetera, it should become easier from here to grow NII. I think what helped us to start to grow again quickly in this crisis was the tremendous influx of deposits and our relatively recent confidence to invest the excess in securities instead of holding that excess in cash.  So our continued investment of that cash in Q4 leads us to believe that we can offset the headwinds of low loan demand in the near-term recent -- reinvestment yields and two less days of NII in Q1, leaving NII relatively flat in Q1 versus Q4 before moving up through the balance of the year. Remember in Q2 and Q3, we picked back up those days of interest we lost in Q1. As Brian reviewed, we also saw commercial loans stabilize at the end of Q4 providing hope that increased loan demand will soon follow. Given that we expect some loan demand through the year and using the existing rate curve, which has steepened over the past 90 days, we would expect NII in Q4 2021 for example to be much higher than Q1 2021. And when we get to the second half of 2021, year-over-year quarterly comparisons to 2020 as well as the second half of 2021 compared to the first half of '20 should be quite favorable.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. You're absolutely right. The 10-year was up in the quarter, but rates of mortgage-backed securities -- well certainly, mortgage rates to customers declined; and rates on mortgage-backed securities I think declined slightly. Having said that, we're always going to balance liquidity capital and returns and profits and we did deploy and as we said on our third quarter call approximately $100 million of our cash into securities. It went into both mortgage-backed securities and some treasuries in the quarter. And we think, that was the right thing to do. We understand the rate structure. We did get probably an improvement on our yield on that $100 billion of approximately 125 basis points. So -- and I would say, we've still got a lot of excess cash, Matt. If you look at our balance sheet, cash grew by $70 billion, $80 billion this quarter. So, I mean that was the growth on top of what we already had net of deployment. So, we still have a lot of room to invest in the future. And we plan to do some more investments in Q2, but we're obviously always looking at the rate environment.
Paul Donofrio: Look, we continue to access -- assess the excess deposits and we do expect to continue to deploy more cash into securities. We're not really planning on disclosing how much more, but there is a meaningful amount in that guidance that we gave you. The size and pace of the purchases are obviously going to be influenced by a number of judgments including things like the -- like expected loan demand and customer deposit behavior. So yes, I mean I'm not going to give you a number, but it's a meaningful increase that we're expecting to do in Q2 -- excuse me in this quarter. 
Paul Donofrio: Okay. Sorry. What I wanted to make sure everybody heard because, I thought I heard you say something different. We expect net charge-offs for card, which obviously the primary driver of consumer loans, we expect those to be up in Q1 and then decline in Q2. And the uptick -- 
Paul Donofrio: Hey, Betsy, maybe just to complete the conversation with respect to commercial, we have seen increases in reservable criticized, but they haven't -- we haven't seen NPLs increase significantly. They're at 45 basis points of loans right now. So we think commercial losses in future quarters are going to be driven by really company specific events that play out over the coming quarters, and will obviously likely be concentrated in industries more heavily impacted by COVID. I would point out that in this quarter we took some losses as we chose to reduce exposures in industries that were affected by COVID. And that crystallized some losses and showed up in our NCOs this quarter. If we hadn't take those losses, we would have hadn't sold those credits we would have had even lower NCOs in commercial.
Paul Donofrio: Can I just add one, happy to see what data you're looking at but I don't think we're losing market share in FICC. I think we're actually gaining market share. And perhaps not as much as we're gaining in equities, but we're gaining market share certainly in the segments where we're investing within FICC.
Paul Donofrio: I don't think we're giving the exact number but it was up. And it did impact, I would say meaningfully NII. From here, we're going to need to see mortgage -- customer mortgage rates stabilize and go higher for that number to stabilize and go higher -- excuse me, for that number to stabilize and go lower.
Paul Donofrio: Yes. But if you -- I'll give you this sense of its impact though. If you look at the decline in net interest yield for the company, one-third of it was due to premium amortization in the quarter.
Paul Donofrio: Well, I would look at the forward rates to get it -- for you to estimate that. We're not assuming that it goes up in that guidance. Because if you look at the forward curve, rates by the end of the year are up from where they are today…
Paul Donofrio: Maybe we can follow-up. I mean, I don't have it off the top of my head. I'll probably give you some sense of how much, what percent of the improvement is from that. But I don't -- I just don't have it off the top of my head. The other thing that I would point out just to keep in mind as you're thinking about the write-off of premium is that it's not just at this point due to the decline in rates. You have to remember that the portfolio has gotten bigger too.
Paul Donofrio: Yes, sure. I can try to help you with that. I guess, there's two ways to triangulate on it. The -- look at the other income line for the company, okay? And with respect to modeling that line, it's going to bounce around a lot quarter-to-quarter. But for modeling purposes a good assumption going forward absent unusual items would be about a loss of $200 million in that line except the fourth quarter will normally be higher as it was this year given the seasonal increase in partnership investments that we saw this quarter. I can give you a lot more -- there's lots of things in that line item, but the volatility is often driven certainly in the fourth quarter by those partnership losses. Other things in that line are equity investment gains, gains and losses on the sale of debt securities. And there's some mark-to-market income in there on our FVL loans -- our fair value loans and related hedges. So there's going to be volatility in there. I would use a loss of around $200 million per quarter with a larger loss in the fourth quarter.
Paul Donofrio: Sure. So, what's changed is A, the level of deposits, right? We continue to get more and more deposits in. B, reviewing as Brian noted earlier where the deposits are coming from predominantly high-quality deposits checking, et cetera new accounts. Three, when you look at just the sheer growth of the money supply coupled with the expectation as we come out of this recession that the velocity of money will likely increase, it's hard to build a case that we're going to see a significant decline in deposits in the U.S. And we're going to get our fair share if not more of those deposits. So, because of how we run our business on both commercial and the retail side in terms of focusing on high-quality deposits, we just feel good about the deposits we have.
Vivek Juneja: Paul, your growth rates have been below peers. So are you doing that by segment of business like Brian was talking about and passing that out between commodities and macro and credit products, or is it something else? Because certainly if we look at year-on-year growth rates, you've been below your peers through several quarters in 2020.
Vivek Juneja: Yes, yes. No I was -- yes, my question was how much are you expecting it to decline Paul? I know you do not expect them to grow.
Vivek Juneja: Not the dollar amount but any sense of percentage, since you said one-third of the decline came from that. Any sense of -- I'm not asking for a precise element, I'm not expecting that. But any sense.
Vivek Juneja: Right. But you've been hurt more than others by it. So, obviously, that should turn around for you later in the year if refinance…
