Brian Moynihan: Glenn, thanks for the question. Remember, the reserve methodology is a forward-looking methodology. And our core scenario is weighted part of the baseline, part of the adverse and ends up, just to give you a sense with unemployment rate this year in the actual reserve setting scenario, not an adverse case. But the actual, when we set the reserves was with 5% employment within the next 5 months, so 3.6% to 5%. So it's a -- there's a conservative aspect of how the reserves are set. And so basically, the high quality of the loan book is not only what we talk about and show you all the stats and you can assess and look at, but also, you can look at the stress test results on a relative 10% unemployment overnight, yada, yada, yada, and you see all the different statistics there. And you see that page on Page 5 or 6 or whatever is in a slide, you can see us lower than everybody else's, that's because many, many years of responsible growth and while we showed you those pages comparing the different points in time. And so I think you said something, our reserve is not set looking backwards, it's set looking forward based on the books, based on the CECL methodology. We even do a comparison to where CECL day 1, as we call it, what happened then, and it's consistent. It's consistent. It's just that the credit quality book continues to improve, honestly.
Brian Moynihan: And Jim, just look at Page 10, and you can see if you look at the upper right-hand corner and see the size of the noninterest-bearing and interest checking, which is different than money it moves. And you think about that even in the Wealth Management deposits on the lower left and then the operating deposits in the commercial book, we just have a lot of these deposits that are money and movement in the household. And we've gone through this discussion a lot a few years ago. And so they're very intensive rates only because the money is always moving, and it's just the average collective balances in these households as opposed to money that's for investment purposes, which will move. And you saw it move a little bit in the Wealth Management business this quarter, and some of the corporates will continue to position them for more investment-oriented cash for lack of a better term. And so we'd expect that to occur. But I think history is some guide here, but also at the end of the day, we've grown 1 million new checking accounts year-over-year. So that brings them more and more stable core checking balances, which don't move around much. And so think about all that, and we've been through it before. And as rates go up, the stuff that moves due to rate is relatively modest. And we have a huge bucket of noninterest-bearing that sits with us.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. We tell our team to price consistently so they can grow faster, slightly faster than the market. They have been growing a lot faster than the market because of the stimulus and stuff like that, but let's -- even the market, they will grow much faster. But that's what we tell them. And so we don't do things to hurt the franchise.
Brian Moynihan: I think, Mike, we're bouncing around $15 billion to $15.5 billion of quarterly operating costs. And you can look backwards and see that, that's been fairly constant. And so you'd expect that to continue. And so the vast, vast majority falls to the bottom line. It's out of the business model. And you know, Mike, as well as anybody that, that revenue comes through the businesses that don't need to add people or activity to get the value of it, i.e. the consumer business in the Wealth Management business and Commercial Banking business. And you saw that year-over-year. I mean as much as it's a strong projection going forward, we captured like $2 billion last year second quarter, this year second quarter. And I think a lot of it fell to the bottom line on an apples-to-apples basis.
Brian Moynihan: I think basically, what -- I don't -- I'd look at the quarter-to-quarter linkage expenses of 15.3 and NII, we told you it was up, what did we say, 650 last quarter, turn to 850. So we exceed our estimates. That's why we stayed in the next couple of quarters because we've got a pretty good line of sight to those, Mike. So we feel pretty good about it.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, they're largely, as Jimmy DeMare would say, the so-called growth plan that we talked about starting almost 2.5 years ago was implemented, then in order that we increased the size of the balance sheet. You can see a little bit on Page 18 trading-related assets, but you'd have to go back a quarter, a year before that and see it have increased. And so he's built the balance sheet up to the size he thinks is relevant. We built the product capabilities out. He continues to hire people in certain areas. And so we feel pretty good that we're pretty well built. It's just that we've done it in market times, it got pretty interesting, pretty fast. And that being said, if you look at the trading revenue sort of first half of the year over the last 3 years has been relatively stable at $8 billion-ish or something like that. So it's -- so he's done a good job. They build it up. And so it doesn't need another big hump -- chunk of balance sheet on top of that. It's really in pretty good shape now. And so it's a relative size of the platform is pretty well set.
Brian Moynihan: Yes. You should. That -- frankly, as it gets larger and larger, it gets to be a little bit -- you don't need quite the buffer. And so that 50 basis points is to the -- if you think about we get to 1/1/24, put 50 basis points on top of your card, and that's what we're trying to end up.
Brian Moynihan: Erika, this isn't going to give you a specific NII guidance. We're just trying to make sure you see the leverage in the platform for a quarter or 2. And you guys can take that and extrapolate based on your own economic projections, but it's meant just to give you a sense of what we see in terms of loans, deposits and the pricing dynamics, et cetera. In the near term, we're more sure. Just like last quarter, we said it'd be 600-odd billion, and it turned out to be 800-ish because we're careful what we think and what we give you.
Brian Moynihan: Gerard, we can't really go widdershins against the market here because at the end of the day, that growth affects the monetary accommodation, the physical stimulus, et cetera. But remember, as you're thinking about that 1.4, 1.5 and today 1.9 to 2, you do have to remember that it's 3 years and with inflation and the economy is bigger, it was a  economy back then, I think it's 25-ish now. So you got to kind of not only put your normal growth rate, which you mentioned, but you also got to add to that sort of the size of the economy and our market share because DDR deposits reflect the economy moving in and out of the system and across different -- as you have money movement from consumers to businesses, businesses consumers as paychecks and stuff. So I think I'd be careful just saying, "Oh, let's go back to normalized growth rate off that, you have 2% GDP and 2%, 3% because you're missing that there's a step up in size that we picked up and kept and we grew market share." So it will be higher. We know that, but there will be some impact from monetary tightening or else it wouldn't occur and it wouldn't be the way the Fed actually controls the economy to some degree.
Brian Moynihan: Gerard, we don't manage that number -- we manage the liquidity resources and leave that aside. But we have a deposit business that generates deposits from customers, not from pricing and not from going into sort of broker deposits or secondary markets. These are all core deposits coming in from core customers. So that dictates our overall size. Then we turn around and make loans to the customers based on the credit standards and capabilities we have in their demand for credit, and that turns into $1 trillion of loans. And so it's not a number Alastair or I or others at the top of the house, say, if that number is 62, it's good and the 50, it's bad. It's just it is a result of running the customer franchise. The amount of liquidity we have, that is much more planned, obviously, and planned by the microsecond every day. And you can see that our ratios and stuff over the course of time far in excess of what we need. And that will come back down. That's probably going to be more apt to come down as part of the monetary tightening process and things like that. But that's basically what we're doing now to manage the capital of all this is taking RWA lower -- 20% RWA assets and moving them into zero RWA to help that and give the rooms -- the business to have more room to grow the core loan book, but we never managed to a precise number. We let the businesses operate and then we balance the interest rate risk and the capital questions and the liquidity question at the top of the house, but it works pretty well right now.
Brian Moynihan: Yes, think about period end because that's where we are. We've seen the deposits in the first few weeks of July, will be relatively stable. But yes, you got to go off a period end because that's what you got. There's some fluctuations as you get the month end and all that stuff as you well know, but that's where we start from.
Brian Moynihan: There seeing no more questions, let me just close by thanking you for your time and attention. As you think about Bank of America for the second quarter of 2022, as we said earlier, the pre-pandemic growth engine has kicked back in. We're mindful of the debate about a future recession, and we have prepared the company across the last decade-plus through responsible growth to be prepared for that. But as we see our current customer base, we are not seeing them slowdown in terms of their activities. So the story is one of organic growth with operating leverage driven by -- and using our capital wisely. Thank you.
Alastair Borthwick: Thanks, Glenn. So obviously, we're in a little different place in that we have the capital already. And we feel like over the course of the past several years, we've been quite disciplined around our RWAs. It just remains important for us to stay at it. So you saw us do a couple of things this quarter. We sold a portfolio of loans that were noncore. We've changed a little bit in terms of as the sum of the 20% risk-weighted assets in our securities portfolio are rolling off, we can replace them with 0% risk-weighted like treasuries with essentially the same yield at this point. So you saw what we did this quarter. We grew loans. We built capital. We created some RWA flex in the background, and we think we can do the same going forward.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. So we talked about -- the last time we were together, we talked about the fact we're looking backwards to 2015 to 2019, and you saw what our deposit beta was at the time. It was in that sort of low 20s percent. And we said we hope to do better. We have done better than that so far. Now just as a reminder, generally speaking, we think about how we price so that we grow deposits. Now that growth last year was 7%. We're expecting growth this year that we said in the low single digits. But we're going to have to see how the rate structure develops. We've been pretty clear on that as well. And we're going to be competing in the market with others, so we just have to watch that develop over time. The core operating balances, consumer, we continue to add there over time. And if we're seeing any kind of runoff, Jim, it's really only in the very high end of Wealth Management, and it's in the non-operating balances in commercial. So we're keeping a tight eye on it, but our NII reflects, we think, are reasonable assumptions around deposit pricing.
Alastair Borthwick: So we already have a modest buffer relative to what we expect at the end of October. And then we've got, obviously, future capital generation, and we've got some balance sheet optimization we can do. So we feel like we've got a lot of flexibility. So we feel like we've got some ability to do some share repurchase. And then in terms of where we end up, I'd say, go fast forward to January of 2024, that's when we get the next 50 basis point step up. So we've got to generate that 50 basis points over the next 6 quarters. So we think we'll have some ability to do a little bit of everything.
Alastair Borthwick: So I'll answer the question. Yes, I think you're right. We said $900 million to $1 billion this quarter coming up and then at least that, the following quarter. So yes, you're right to think about that as a couple of billion. We'll get a little more precise with fourth quarter as we get to, obviously, a quarter from now. And with respect to falling to the bottom line, I'd say that's going to be the vast majority, but I'll leave that to Brian.
Alastair Borthwick: The question that you asked all or you kept asking me last quarter is how you do this, keep investing in franchise. So we increased marketing. We added people in the places we want to add people and took people out of the place that we didn't need them so much. We continue to add new branches in the many cities and towns we didn't have the brand structure and repositioned. In other words, we invested this quarter, $800 million in technology co-development that got implemented. And so -- but it's -- this is -- the confidence in the next quarter, frankly, is it's already 3 weeks in almost, and it's pretty well set up. So we feel pretty good.
Alastair Borthwick: So we haven't changed much, Matt, in terms of the way we think about running the company. Brian mentioned already, if you look at the last 6 quarters, we're sort of running the place right around $15 billion, out-of-sight. So we still feel like that's the right place, that $60 billion flattish year-over-year. And then I just make sure you back out and add that reg matter. That's all. The core remains the same.
Alastair Borthwick: So on the resi mortgage side, that's -- we sold an old portfolio of residential mortgages that we put in All Other sum number of years ago. So this allowed us an opportunity just to exit that. We do that periodically anyway. But in this case, it was about $3.3 billion, I want to say. And we did have a loss, so you see that loss running through. But just so you're aware, it was largely offset by a gain somewhere else. So I wouldn't think about it as much of an economic loss, but it did temporarily inflate the charge-offs, which is why we called it out. And then there are a couple of other things in there that related to write-downs around pandemic and stimulus and offsets with overdraft. But again, not what I would consider to be anywhere near the core consumer credit portfolio that we run.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, I'd say it's too early for us to tell you that right now. So one of the reasons that we're comfortable giving you next quarter's guide is we have a pretty good sense for where loans are, deposits are, what we think the growth will look like, et cetera. The further we go out, the less we control. So we try to give you that spot sensitivity, and we try to give you the forward sensitivity so you just get a general sense. And then what we're comfortable saying right now is it's going to be in that $900 million to $1 billion for Q3. And Q4, it's just a little early to say with that kind of precision. So we just wanted to say we think it will accelerate again in Q3 -- sorry, in Q4. So that's as precise as we want to be right now, Erika. And it's less about under-promising and over-delivering, it's more about there's just a lot going on right now in the markets generally, and we'd prefer to be precise -- more precise about it. That's all. And I think all we're trying to convey though is we think the fourth quarter is going to be higher than the third quarter increase. And that's just something. I think we'll give you -- we'll be able to give you more sense for that based on the rate structure and what we see in deposits and loans over the course of this quarter when we meet in 3 months' time.
Alastair Borthwick: On the second question, that's going to be dictated by our LOBs use of the balance sheet. Our #1 goal is to keep them in the market winning every day and let the capital support that. That's what we do because what they're doing is providing good returns and stuff. So that requires us to -- well, it will be driven by, frankly, loan growth more than anything else in the near term because the markets business will bounce around but won't move much. In terms of the stress test, look, the losses and stuff are pretty good. It's the operating expenses, and that's more continuing to point out the differences between how we run the company, et cetera. And we'll continue to, as we look at the next year's test fashion. There's not a lot we can do on the loan book and stuff. It's the best in the business as dictated by their results. So it's going to be more on convincing on operating expenses and operational losses and things like that over time.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, we're obviously curious with that trajectory as well. We haven't seen any great shift yet in deposits. This second quarter was largely just a return to the normal second quarter seasonality we see. We didn't see the last 2 years because there was pandemic cash inflow, fiscal monetary stimulus. And this quarter, it was probably a little more elevated. You saw the headlines talking about tax receipts this year were bigger than normal. So we felt that. But we haven't seen a great deal of impact from QT just yet. And it feels like our customers still want to hold a pretty healthy deposit balance. So I think it's natural to think about -- go back to Q4 '19, you think about the fact that the economy is bigger. You think about the fact that the monetary base is bigger. So there's probably a floor, but we'll be watching things from here in the same way that you are.
Alastair Borthwick: And if you just look at the last couple of quarters -- if you just look at the last 2 quarters, you sort of see as the loans growth has continued to return, as the securities have matured and prepaid, we've just taken some of that liquidity and put it against loans. Because remember, that would always be our first choice even in pandemic. It's just that the loans growth wasn't there. It's back. So we're using those securities and replacing them with higher-yielding loans.
Alastair Borthwick: Well, not a tremendous amount of change. We've had good loan growth. We anticipate we'll see good loans growth. That said, obviously, full year, we're kind of at 12%. We said we thought that we'd have mid- to high single digits. That's kind of what we're still expecting is mid- to high single digits. There are a couple of places where, for example, our mortgage pipeline is done just with higher rates. I think it'd be natural to think that in some areas where other areas like securities-based lending, as rates go up, that might damage some loans demand there. And it feels like business leaders may talk themselves into less confidence. So that may dampen loans growth. But as of right now, we think it's still in that kind of mid- to high single digits.
Alastair Borthwick: Yes. It's built in. It will keep going down, obviously, as rates go up, but it's going to -- it's not a linear relationship. It's more curved. So it's -- and it's -- our expectations are all built into our NII guidance.
