Eric Bjornholt: Yeah I don’t think that's possible. Let's stay open here for a while. Our Investor Relations manager is just indicating that we're having quite a few problems here. So let's hold and see if we can this solved. I know there is questions to be asked. So I've been told we have 12 questions in queue. We just need to figure out how to get them available so those questions can be asked/
Eric Bjornholt: The second piece of Ambrish's question related to CapEx and we will still focus longer-term on bringing some more assembly and test in-house but we're really locked down capital pretty significantly to see where our forecast is for fiscal '21 of between $50 million and $70 million. So where there is benefits to be gained, we'll evaluate those, but we're being pretty conservative of our posture in terms of making adjustments right now.
Eric Bjornholt: So the midpoint of our guidance this quarter is 60.8%. Our long-term model is 63%. So quite honestly I think margins have held up extraordinarily well. If you look at the fall we had in gross margins back in 2008, 2009 that margins went down significantly. Now we've got a little more balance between what we do internally versus what we do externally from a production standpoint.Bottom line is with revenue being down as you mentioned 7% to 11% from people trough we have to run our factories at low level and I think we've done a very good job of controlling inventory levels and in this last quarter 122 days that's a very good position to be in with what's in front of us. So I think this comes down to utilization of our factory footprint that we have as we go back into it, we can be very cost effective.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think we're really unable to speak about anybody else's business but our own. We mentioned some of the companies, I believe all companies have a different end market and customer exposure. We have been building this franchise for many years now through organic efforts as well as acquisitions and have compiled the very large number of very, very good assets and then deployed a program called TSS, Total System Solutions that we have discussed with you in which we are garnering larger and larger share of the customer's board with our product.So the outperformance that you may be seeing from us in business today is really nothing to do with what we have done today or last year it's been a result of really many years of effort and new products organically as well as through acquisitions and our customer support, customer support activities, the distributor relationships and everything else over the past several years. I don’t know if that helps you.
Ganesh Moorthy: So this is a very unique cycle. We have for the first time ever we're experiencing a demand shock and a supply shock. We have seen demand shock before like 2008, 2009 cycle you mentioned. We also saw a major demand shock during the 2001 tech burst and I think we saw a little mini demand shock really even during SARS in 2004 or 2003 whenever it was. And we have seen some supply shocks from our industry the two that I remember, one was during tsunami in Japan and Southeast Asia where we have a number of factories were closed down or shut down and there was a major demand shock and the other demand shock I recall was during the major floods in Thailand a few years ago where many of our peers factories were under water. Microchip factory was okay though.So we've seen really either a supply shock or a demand shock. This in the first time ever in my 40 years of experience that I am seeing a simultaneous demand shock and supply shock. The supply shock is driven by this various shelter in place ordinances and Ganesh talked about it extensively, Philippines being the worst and Malaysia being the second where we could get our workers into the factory and in some cases, the workers are living in the factory believe they believe they will not be able to come back and number of our product lines that ran in those factories produced limited output because the whole workforce wasn't working. That resulted into a supply shortage and a supply shock in some of the lead times run out and that drove some of the demand further from customers and distributors.And on the demand side of it, our customer's factories shut down, the worst being in the automotive business where I think you guys keep track of file data and if you look at the file data, you'll find that Europe has been the worst and US the second and lot of factories were shut down in Asia also but those factories are coming back in automotive. So the automotive business is going through this [indiscernible] demand shock and industrial somewhat and while on the other had like you look at the market like data centers where demand shock is in the upward direction with all the data and work from home ordinances their demand has gone up and the other area which is really quite sleepy for us in general, I don't think it's a very large percentage of our business is medical. We melt that into industrial, the medical is really we contact in industrial but a month and a half ago, I wouldn't know what a ventilator was and now we found that all the ventilator designs around the world ,everyone is using our products and the demand has gone up 100X if not more.The hospital will have two to three ventilators only for emergency purposes and now a single hospital is requiring 1,000 to 2,000 ventilators. So that demand has gone up 50X to 100X. Same thing on digital thermometers to automatic soap dispensers and bathroom products that when you put your hand into the soap falls down, they all use microcontrollers or senses or many of our products. So that's kind of the end market here.So in certain markets demand is very strong. In other market, demand is very weak. In some cases they're impacted because of supply chain disruption, in other cases the impact is because of stronger demand. So I think you know how do you make sense with all that? We started June quarter with a very strong backlog and our backlog for June quarter is still higher than our backlog was for the March quarter at the same point in time, but it has deteriorated significantly compared to where it was on April 1 and at the rate we're seeing customer's adjustments, push outs and cancellation where the customer may have ordered more product really shows up that this deterioration in backlog in June compared to March will continue.We know how much we lost in one monthly. We got two more months to go and putting all that into the equation really our crystal ball tells us in the midpoint of minus six and it end up minus two to minus 10. Sorry for the long answer but the question deserved it.
Ganesh Moorthy: So let me ask Eric Bjornholt will answer that question and I'll add something if needed at the end. Go ahead Eric.
Ganesh Moorthy: As a recent announcement that was made, we're still sorting through what the Commerce Department's rules are. The specific item that we are paying attention to the possible military use of products and how we can provide confirmation that it is not going with those applications. We think it's fairly straightforward to be able to do it but we have time until the 29 June to be able to implement it but at this point in time we do not expect that it has an issue in terms of Microchip's business. Go ahead Steve.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the only reason that the September OpEx will be down below June would be because the pickup would be for the entire quarter and the pickups didn’t kick in until June 20 in US and probably May 1 for some of the international geographies depending on the various international laws but the September quarter we get the full quarter.If your question is what if we didn’t need it and the business as well then you remodel it and you change the pickup from 10% to 6% to 5% or if you see growth you make it zero. Anything is possible, but I'm saying right now in the game prepared for the category fixed on we are structured to take the June quarter expenses below the March quarter because of the full quarter saying and then December compared to September will be about the same if you don’t make any change in and the pickup and at the end of December that's currently the case.We've announced the employees that the pickup ends at the end of December, So the March quarter OpEx will rise again and hopefully we're well out of the words from the site and if we're not then we do something different.
Ganesh Moorthy: So it's not our entire product line right. So we build a lot of product in many countries Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia depending on our factory or subcontracted factories. Our principal issues from a constraint standpoint were in the Philippines and in Malaysia. Malaysia at this point effectively has turned on 100%. They don't have -- it's running at 100% but there are no restriction and they are as fast as they can bring their direct labor workforce how they would catch up on the quarter.Philippines has done operating under restriction. We have been able to improve from March to the June quarter by having more people residing in our factories. So this is we got 500, 600 employees living full-time inside the factory to be able to get the utilization to be higher. We expect that that will get turned -- those restrictions will come off as we go into the latter part of May, the middle of May as part of our control and as that happens, we will have more output that come out of it.So I believe the constraint -- manufacturing constraints are coming off and coming off rapidly, but there's catch up to what was left from where the constraints were there plus ongoing support there.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think the question revenue is so much higher than last time our revenue was -- last time our margin was just kind of number. So why is margin not higher I think that's your question. Going back two years ago was a different company. We didn’t have Microsemi all of their factories around the world they're probably a different cost structure. Some of those factories have lower demand. Some of those are okay and it's not the same company. Combined with Microsemi now, Microsemi was about between 40% to 50% of our revenue and company has totally changed.
Ganesh Moorthy: Let me take that. So we begin the effort by some of our convert debt when the stock to hit about $60 like low $60 and that was down about a peak of $110. The amount of dilution we get from these converts when the stock goes from let's say $65 to $110 is so large because it has a hyper future where the stock competes at 1.5 times that it will be $1 increase in stock price and was just very, very dilutive.So when the stock price because of the recession went down from $110 into low $60, we decided not to waste that recession and to try to pushing up our convert, but to do so we needed the money and this year we took the money out of the line, we did not. We didn’t take any money out of the line of credit. We first wanted to raise the money in the public market through a debt but with extreme volatility the debt market is closed for a period of time and so we went to the action of getting a 364 day bridge. So we got $615 million of bridge at very, very low interest rates, same interest rate as the line of credit and with that we bought $615 million worth of face value convertible and by the time we executed those convertible stock had already been rebounded to about $70.70 where we average where we bought them and where the stock is now at $85.50 you could just imagine how much dilution we have saved that we would have incurred.So we think it was very, very opportunistic good move and we didn't stress the credit line to do that. We got a separate bridge, so it was a venue money separate bridge that we've prepared within a year.
Ganesh Moorthy: I just would say I wish I was able to raise more money than I would have brought even more but it was a very, very difficult time. There were companies there was a run on the banks, people were drawing their credit line completely and banks were under lot of stress and that environment I was able to raise $615 million in new money something like miracle at that time.
Ganesh Moorthy: So lead time for most of our products from relatively are stable. Lead times in these factory that have been constrained by shelves in place have gone out and they've gone out by I would say on average about a couple of weeks and so whatever you are hearing or seeing is on certain product lines I think a little ones that go to Philippines or Malaysia where we've seen it. But for the most part lead times outside of that are remaining stable and we expect that lead times will catch back to normal by probably closer to the end of the quarter as we catch up stock will usually open and we're able to both ship normal but also do any catch-up shipments.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the time of the lockdown are really a curfew at night from about 10 PM and 8 AM. It doesn't affect our shifts, our ability to operate our plans and so under the new logistic or other issues that we run into. So thankfully kind of the entire episode has been running full steam no issues.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think when you have such a large demand reduction in automotive there is no segment I can pull out and say this is strong and so automotive across the board when we look at our many different product lines, they are going to automatic drill down in this. Now to your question of silicon carbide it's early days, and silicon carbide predominantly a new technology that is aimed at electric cars from a high-volume standpoint. Electric cars as a percentage of the total automobiles produced are sold and it's 1% to 2% and so it's still a small percentage.We're making good inroads with our products to be new designs and new activity that are taking place. So it's really not a factor in any revenue that is taking place for automotive today, but we're making very good progress because the silicon carbide solution for Microchip are extremely robust and in an automotive environment which is very harsh, the voltage and temperature standpoint we're about as one of the most important factors that take into account for using silicon carbide products.
Ganesh Moorthy: So our FPGA business continues to be reasonably strong. It had a nice growth as we showed during the March quarter results that we announced. Our FPGA also has a reasonably good exposure into defense and space applications. Those end markets are not as badly affected as some of the other end markets that we have and to be quite honest we don’t really see lot of it in some of the other names that frequently and what we run up into the market.We play predominantly into the mid range and missed the lower end of the FPGA market, we have some unique positioning relative to security, low power, robustness and in those areas, we do extremely well.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think no one should take short term positive and negative that's the way in which we're investing from an R&D perspective and that's what we're seeing in this cycle at this point in time. R&D is really a longer-term view of where are the markets going, where are the opportunity and we're guided by the six megatrends that we have shared with you.We believe over the next 5 to 10 years growth is going to be available at a faster level or higher level in 5G data centers, autonomous driving, IOT, electric vehicle and artificial intelligence and machine learning and so the main product lines at Microchip are working on how can they create complete solutions total system solutions for these megatrends and what maybe strong today and maybe not so strong in six months or 12 month is how we do our R&D spend.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. Thank you, operator and thanks all the investors and analyst who were on this call. The travel is really totally banned. So we'll be attending some of the conferences this quarter but they will all be virtual conferences. We'll do it out of our home. So we'll talk to some of you more at those conferences. So thank you very much.
Steve Sanghi: No I think that's good. This down cycle, let me add a couple of sentences. I think we started this down cycle with probably the lowest inventory we had, 122 days at the end of March. I recall prior down cycle when we started with really high inventory and so I think it's such a low inventory and we're keeping the flow by factory rotating time offs and other.So I think when we get on the other side of it and start ramping up factory back up and we're starting with the gross margin in the 60's I think we'll be very, very well positioned longer term, but it really good record gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: Sure, I'll pass on to Ganesh to answer the question about export control and then I'll come back and answer the question on the dividend.
Steve Sanghi: So regarding the dividend, your question was how safe is the dividend. Dividend is very, very safe. We were one company that did not cut over dividend back in 2009 when peak to bottom our revenue went down almost 36%. Today we're so much more profitable on gross and operating margin level, we have done a stress test on our business you can't find a number lowering up, you could lose a very, very large amount of sales and the company still is cash flow positive with regard $1.2 billion of money remaining on line of credit.So I think really we are unable to model a scenario, a reasonable scenario where the dividend would be at risk and if we felt that the dividend was at risk we certainly would not be increasing the dividend which we are little bit every quarter.
Steve Sanghi: So I think we learn a little bit through every cycle and one of our goal is to never let a cycle go to waste. What happened in 2008, 2009 was the cycle really hit in early part of October of 2008 and the business was down very substantially in that December quarter and down lot more even in the March quarter and we didn't implement pay cuts and all that till we were well into the cycle where the strong authority there and we were being better just.So this time what we've done in understanding that with 33 million people I think already lost jobs in US alone, I don’t know how many around the world. These people are not going to be buying cars and refrigerators and other stuff that really would have our product. So this time we bend down the hatches and got it up the window. They're ahead of time before the storm really hit.So we finished the March quarter actually sequentially up 3% and we implemented the pay cut starting April 20 and at that time our business really hasn't even weakened. Where our June quarter was still backlog higher than the March quarter backlog at the same point in time. So what we have really done is really out of abundance of caution just thinking that this storm internally at Microchip we have described that to be a category fixed storm waiting in the wing where category five is the highest category because we have never seen this before and a simultaneous demand and supply shock the pandemic and no place to hide and 33 million people laid up in the five weeks in US alone.So we have prepared the company with a cost structure in the June guidance we have given you has the paycheck now pay cuts for June quarter dialed in but not for the whole quarter because we started in the middle of the quarter and September expense will be down even slightly further from that. So we essentially have positioned it for any extreme case that may materialize.It's a lot easy to give the money back undo the cuts on the salary, change them from X% to Y% lower that. It's much easier to do that than you have spent all the money and then really fight and you have the supply. So that's really how we're looking at it. We're looking at it as don't know and until anybody knows, anybody says he knows. they're lying. They don't. So what we've done in really out of abundance of caution prepared the company for a worst case analysis and we'll give the money back if we didn’t need it.
Steve Sanghi: It's not by product. It is more by end market. The worst is automotive, the second would be industrial and general consumer like appliances and all that I think that Ganesh described all those areas, where the strength is the strongest area is data center. I would think the next is really 5G related, work from home related, PCs, printers, computers and all that. Medical is extremely strong. So those are the areas we're not seeing push outs and cancellation. We're seeing those in the automotive and some general industry.
Steve Sanghi: There is a way to model it. So there are two challenges, maybe three. One is that the existing backlog further cancels or pushes out the following quarter. Second is we still need turns to take. If there is zero cancellation from here on, but we get no more turns for the quarter, that's not a good scenario either. So that would be fairly soft too and the third is a supply depending on what product the demand comes on.The products where if you place an order today the earliest I can give you is July, August and those are from the most constrained areas or factories that have had a six weeks for six weeks they haven’t been able to run full production and now as they're coming back to production, we are so far behind in delinquency. We'll leave the June quarter with a fairly large amount of product delinquent. Same thing happened at the end of March quarter.So in a way some day when we catch up on that product get shipped, it's a good news but for now we're not going to be able to ship all the backlog in the June quarter, neither will be able to ship that all in March quarter. In fact, if just the supply side shock had not happened and our factories were running, for March quarter we would have met or exceeded our original guidance, which was about 5%, 5.5%. We only did three and I was largely because we couldn’t supply the product.
Steve Sanghi: Let me have Ganesh comment on it. I don’t think we have quantitative numbers but Ganesh can talk qualitatively.
Steve Sanghi: I don’t currently expect the data center to weaken and I think 90% of the world data has been created in the last two years and any company that's related together I just got off the Board of Mellanox, you've got finally the deal closed and they're video on April 27 and then announced the prior quarter their March quarter just couple of days before the deal closed. It was a very, very strong quarter. You’ve seen it in the results and video also.So I just think data center market is very, very strong and I think how we've designed in our print position and the customers board. So that one looks very, very good. But I think as the automotive factories go back to work and people start buying cars again, that market is the most destroyed today. That market will show huge potential for getting back to normal and industrial will be the same way.
Steve Sanghi: I think I little bit answered that question earlier that we think what we're seeing is you referred and building is stronger same position and customer's boards with total system solutions and also acquiring product lines with synergy products what we have gotten from Atmel and Micrel and Microsemi with all the discrete product line with various steps that can grow into similar border microcontroller and much stronger distributor relationships I think some others have been tweaking their distribution policies maybe to the detriment, maybe not now. Time will tell but I think we are seeing a stronger effect of a stronger distributor relationships and the effect of end markets like we discussed.So I don't really know why anybody else is doing better or worse than us. I am sure there are other companies doing better than us and rather more closer competitors that are doing worst than us. So we're happy to be gaining share but I don’t know we can totally allocate percentage how much is because of what reason.
Steve Sanghi: I don’t know if I can definitely say that. I think end market by end market and it's geography by geography, but overall it may have slowed down somewhat but in some other geographies and in some other markets its continuing. So I don't think, if the calculations were over and the push outs were over, our revenue would be higher than March quarter. That's not what we're guiding and that's not where we're attempting.
Steve Sanghi: Well the biggest risk to the business is that COVID19 is not contained as we are talking about from state to state and you're internationally – nationally and internationally from Washington and other places as people go back to work here in the coming month, the question is do we see it way for COVID19 cases starting to go back up as people are willing to go back to work. I think as people go back to work, there will be all the precautions of NASH and cleaning and others. And hopefully, we will not have a second wave but it's tucking away requiring to go back to sheltering place and that would be the largest risk that we're seeing because that would have prove on the time spend during which the factories will be shut down, the demand would be low. People will be buying cars and other stuff. That I see as the biggest risk.Now in terms of what levers do we have, I think we've already implemented those levers that are while our business in March quarter was not even last stressed we sequentially grew but we implemented these measures to essentially finite categories six times and those are the levers that already have implemented and we'll just continue with those and look for even occurring more discretion and the expenses and see if that could go down further and any other discretion of the expense to go down further.Ganesh and I and others are willing to take a larger pick but usually it's a volume up to predict pick up that helps and I don’t think we can ask the word while incurring larger pick up, but you're also have policies to play with and capital and other things. But like I mentioned I think in an answer to an earlier question we try to model a scenario to try to see how much of revenue has to go down before we become cash flow negative or dividend comes through a questionable it's way too low and when I get there I think it's just -- our business is too strong today. The formation of the business is so good that we're not going to burn cash and the dividend is not at risk and I think we're in a pretty good place.
Steve Sanghi: So I think depending on when you look at monthly or you look at it by quarter when you look at it by quarter China was very weak for the March quarter because Chinese New Year first of all was extended to two to three weeks from one week and then all these factories were closed. So the China business was horrible. if you really look at for the quarter but if you look at it on a monthly basis as the COVID19 situation got contained and people went back to work, China business almost seems like it's back to normal.However, the concern is that it may look like back to normal because it's really making up for some of the shortfall and all that it had and once that demand is met is a steady state demand in China back to normal or not. I think that needs to be answered in the month of May and June, but April China was very strong and late product margin in China was very strong as if it would be normal or even better.
Steve Sanghi: Management team Ganesh and I and the other members of the management team really keep a very, very strong finger on the pulse of the business. We watch a very large number of indicators internal and external on a weekly basis and more often than that if needed on specific indicators. So through that large stack up for indicators and graphs that we constantly monitor, we have added a few to really further assess that situation frequently and some of the things we're looking at it much more frequently are things like dollars or push outs and cancellation number of coronavirus cases and various geographies where factories are and customer are.Whether they're peaking, they're stable, they're growing, they're coming down. We're also just watching a number of other indicators employment related, first-time unemployment claims and all that. So there is really a large amount of data that we're absorbing and this certainly will include the data we get from our own customers to salespeople regularly with monthly bookings and design wins and our customers, customers comments on whether the business is growing or falling, where would it go and what's happening. So there is so much more intelligence that goes into really before we continue and we're even more focused on getting all that intelligence today.
Steve Sanghi: No, I think that is too early to really have that kind of confidence at the bottom. The numbers are so broad just have a guidance of minus two to minus 10 it's just so broad that we cannot yet say what September will bring. It will largely depend on whether as the people go back to work there is the coronavirus that kind of dies down or there is a second wave if coronavirus coming back and we're dealing with it with our factory shut down even in August and September. If that happens then the bottom isn’t here yet.
Steve Sanghi: So long-term target for inventory level is 115 to 120 and we finished the March quarter and 122. I don’t know you get any more precise than that. So inventory is really like that. So inventory is right exactly where we want the inventory to be I really tell you it got a little bit high earlier during the US China trade related and then we have been bringing it down. So March quarter inventory was nearly perfect and because of this coronavirus situation now, we didn't want inventory to substantially grow. So therefore we put our factories on reduced workload rotating time off or reduced hours of work or whatever.And to call it so that as the revenue in the June quarter is declining, we don't want the inventories to grow very substantially. So I think our inventories are in the right range and we're comfortable with it. In terms of R&D Ganesh will comment on that.
