Ganesh Moorthy: So there are many standards that come into the automotive marketplace. In automotive networking for infotainment, the MOST network is the dominant standard today. There are, obviously, alternates in any given market. Ethernet is one of them. That is in consideration. But we believe we have a strong position in the marketplace and a position that customers have validated with their choice of our network.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the answer is yes. There are many 32-bit applications in automotive. As you know, we have been on the journey for 32-bit for not as many years as some of the incumbents who play in that space. But we are starting to make inroads in 32-bit applications in carmakers just as we have previously with our 16-bit, as well as our 8-bit along the way. So we fully expect as time goes on, you'll see that our microcontrollers across the spectrum of 8s, 16s and 32s will play in many automotive applications.
Ganesh Moorthy: The revenue synergies are building over the last year. We have spent time in looking at how our customers' application boards where Microchip, prior to SMSC, did not play, but SMSC customers could use our products and how that could be brought to bear on new designs, and likewise where SMSC products could be brought into the Microchip customer base. So it is a -- these are long-design cycles. They take 18, 24 months to get to the point where they get to revenue. There are many the pipeline. Some of the early ones have gone to production. But we're very optimistic in terms of how the 2 product lines combined play a stronger role at many end customers than what each of us individually could have played.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. I think as Steve mentioned, this is one of the exciting areas of opportunity presented to us. And the broad adoption of tablets and smartphones are one of the catalysts that are accelerating the demand for more things to be connected and accessible by these mobile devices. And we've historically had a very strong presence in a broad range of things that are in our home and in some of our other areas where we interact. And we think we have a pole position on -- as these things get connected, our solutions being in the center of how they are connected. Therefore, things that we know, 4 areas that we have to bring to bear to win in the Internet of Things market. One is a strong portfolio of microcontrollers and analog, which we have and we're continuing to strengthen. Two is a strong portfolio of wireless and wired connectivity. Three is a suite of the software and firmware requirement for the different protocol and security that is going to be required any time you have connectivity. And finally, the fourth is a set of partners who can provide both cost-effective and scalable cloud infrastructure because most of them are really not IT experts, nor have any IT infrastructure. And when you put it all together, it's epicenter of where we have played. We have customers that we know very well, and we have technologies to enable them. And we are seeing many, many of them taking advantage of that capability.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, in overall dollars because that's the rank order of the revenue is 8-bit, the largest business, followed by 16, followed by 32. But if you look at the growth rates, you're going to find that compared to where the baseline grew, 16 and 32-bit is where we grew, outgrew, and 8-bit will have outgrown, but by not quite the same magnitude. So it's hard -- we'll know in 2 or 3 months when all the official numbers will be put together. But I'm expecting we'll see large gains across 8, 16 and 32.
Ganesh Moorthy: And it's not just the last year, right? If you go back and look at it, it's now been for several years we've seen that analog has performed exceptionally well and outgrown the analog industry and the semiconductor industry both.
Steve Sanghi: I'd like to add to that. When you come up with a brand new product line, whether it's 8, 16 and 32, if the first 2 products you make are for the automotive market, which means they have all the CAN bus, the LIN bus and all the protocols and everything that the automotive needs, then your first revenue is 3 or 4 years away. And that's not the best way to launch a brand new product line. So just like we did that with 8 or 16, we originally come up with a product line that will be quicker time-to-market in other applications, industrial, consumer and all the others. And then as the product line gains momentum and the architecture is accepted, we have round out all -- any other issues, any of the others, then you add the automotive features and start to work with automotive. So that began 3 years ago or so. And now we have designs in automotive and we're moving, but the large portion of the revenue is not automotive yet.
Steve Sanghi: So our long-term model for those margin is 61.5%, plus/minus 0.5%. And we are certainly making progress. The middle point of the guidance for us in the current quarter is 59.1%. So we're reaching towards it and continue to make fairly good progress.
Steve Sanghi: I mentioned this in the last conference call in November, I believe, that I spent a week with all of our Asian distributors, collected them all in 1 geography and nearly 80 or 90 of them and reviewed the last calendar year and had them -- put some plans together for the current calendar year. And it was quite surprising to see that Microchip's distribution, which was not SMSC distribution before, how much cross-selling opportunity they had identified on SMSC products into the Microchip customer base. There was, in fact, the highlight of the conference that just very, very significant opportunity they have identified in all of our consumer industrial accounts with USB and Ethernet and all of the other SMSC products. So they will take some time to go to production, but the opportunity is significant.
Steve Sanghi: 25% of the test is converted. So it takes a while to get the momentum, but now we have the testers and load boards and programs. And it will rise very rapidly, but the first thing takes longer. So there's a lot of accretion coming from that also. And then there is a continuous margin improvement on our smaller product lines, which are newer in nature, where it takes a while for the products to ring out and build the next-generation products which are more cost effective and higher-yielding in our new technologies. So there are a number of things playing role in it and combination of all that gets there. I mean, we could get there on paper with a margin to give.
Steve Sanghi: Well, Asia goes through about 10 days of holidays and driven by that in the current quarter forecast. So Asia is down just about as much as it historically is just by the number of days they're off. So that's why we called the quarter pretty seasonally normal. Booking patterns are normal. There's really nothing abnormal to call. There's not any kind of crisis or disaster in the works. Our products are also very ubiquitous, though. They go into areas where as Chinese are building more and more consumerism, a lot of them, they acquire these products where our products are in. We're in the things and people buy a things.
Steve Sanghi: We expect improvement in June quarter in gross margin, right? No question about it. Well, June quarter is generally a strong quarter for us. And there'll be higher absorption. And there should be a gross margin improvement in June quarter, no question.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we're not a one-trick pony. I mean, at the current quarter guidance, we're almost a $2 billion company, just slightly shy of that, around 12, 13 divisions inside the company. So continue to building out 32-bit and 16-bit and analog. And there's still a lot of new products in 8-bit. We'll continue to gain a lot of share in 8-bit as other people either can't compete or don't want it or whatever. So all the strategic product lines have a very strong roadmap, and they're all showing significant growth in the initial analysis. Then if you look at from an end market or application perspective, we're getting a very significant acceptance in growth in the Internet of Things, motor control, digital power, lighting, medical, touch, automotive. So there are just way too many. I mean, we're really -- we show a chart in the presentations. There are about 14 different segments that we have significant focus in. Now the other thing that we've been telling you for years, Microchip has one company, recognize this before many of the others in the industry that semiconductor industries has matured and saturating. And if you look at the overall semiconductor growth, they are in low single-digits year after year. We have done well. Our December quarter was up 15% year-over-year, 16%, but we also understand that there is a significant industry growth headwind that every company faces. And therefore, we also are trying to supplement Microchip's growth by a constant stream of small and some large acquisitions to bring in overall growth to a reasonable number where it will be acceptable to Microchip management and its board. So it's a combination of internal and external growth. It's not only one or the other. And we're not doing acquisitions to mask any risk of our internal growth. We're doing it to enhance on the top of the internal growth that you've seen us now for several years.
Steve Sanghi: Well, JoAnne, you are always very astute and smart in your analysis. And I think you have answered your question. There are 2 shifts in that seasonality, minor ones, but they're definitely worth noting. One is that with the acquisitions and all that, we have little more of our business now in the computing segment, which kind of sees a significant decline in the calendar first quarter than we had in the Microchip's core business. So there's a little impact of that. The second impact is Asia is becoming a larger and larger portion of our business. I mean, China is a huge portion of our business now. We break those out in the Qs. You can read them. So as that becomes larger and larger portion of the business, then you have a larger portion of overall Microchip that takes a drop in the calendar first quarter because of the Chinese New Year. And if there's enough shift in the business in Asia and that starts to be material. So I think those combined two things together, this is probably the new normal, but it probably also mean that you'll pick up that gap on other quarters which are either stronger quarters for Asia or they're stronger quarters for SMSC business. So overall, it hasn't shifted, but there's a slight impact in the calendar first quarter because of those 2 reasons.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So we are in things and now we are helping customers connect those things. So selling additional content, whether it's a wireless module or an RF module are really getting them, helping them do more things. And then continuing with the answer to your question, we talked about all the cross-selling opportunities with SMSC products into our socket. So think about how many cars today have a USB charger socket in the car. Every time I do an analysis, if there are 10 people I'm talking to, and I ask a question, the number comes out to be about 20% and 30%. In 20%, 30% of the cars, people have a USB charger. You can always charge for the cigarette lighter, but I'm talking about the actual USB charger. And now fast forward 3 or 4 years, don't you think all -- 100% of the cars will have a USB charger because that's what's becoming the life. And who is getting in all these cars, whose USB chargers are in most of the cars? It's yours truly. So there are always areas which are growing significantly faster where there's a significant opportunity. When you look at the USB -- so we have proprietary technology where you plug in a smartphone into the USB charger of the car and a phone can become the host. And whatever you have on the phone, it will display that whether it's navigation or whatever on the screen of the car, which could be extremely beneficial. Everybody uses navigation on their phone as they travel or get rental cars, everybody uses the phone. I know how to use it in my phone. I don't even know how to use it in my car. Next time, I'm going to get one in the car because I have it in the phone. And you plug it to the USB charger, and it displays what you're running on your phone on your car. So -- and we were showing that at the CES show in Las Vegas, an actual demo of that working. So there are tremendous opportunities coming up with this connectivity. And we're right in the thicket of it. And there are lots of design wins, there are lots of opportunities. So those things will grow faster. And some of the mature businesses could slow down a little bit, but the overall opportunity has not decreased.
Steve Sanghi: Well, so the most difficult thing for the customer in a 32-bit is development of the software and the firmware. And if you have a piecemeal solution where the chip comes from one party, the stack comes from another party, the library comes from another party, the development will come from somebody else, and then you have to put all those things together, then you don't have a very good experience because when something isn't working, you don't know whether it's architecture or the chip, or the software or the development tool or whatever. So what Microchip has done is the entire PIC32 solution comes from Microchip, but it's much more like an Apple kind of experience where the product, the architecture, the software, the development tool, the libraries, the stacks, everything is coming from Microchip and already crosschecked and functional. So what we have done on the top of that now with the Harmony software is really integrated the entire ecosystem. We also integrated the third-party software, the middleware, the stacks and everything all pre-checked out. And customers are telling us, it's up to 40%, 50% productivity. And this development of the software is about 75% of the total cost in adopting a 32-bit microcontroller into an end application. And on that 75% of the cost, if you can provide that much productivity on an industry, accolades are coming like crazy. So how we essentially monetize this, winning more designs, accelerating time-to-market, selling more 32-bit chips. And then in all the software and all that, you always have a version of it which is free essentially. Anybody can use it. So there's a wide acceptance of it. But then you have premium versions and you have software support and upgrades and all that for which you charge, it becomes a product. But that's not where the big money is. Big money is really still selling that chip.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, it hasn't changed. Basically, there's a lot of positioning and jockeying for position for the Chinese New Year. And even for December, some people have year-end in December. They're trying to lower the inventories. Some distributors have a fiscal year ending at some other times. So they kind of adjust the inventory a different time. Some people want the product before the Chinese New Year, so they can participate in the surge afterwards. And some place the order, but they want to take their delivery after. So there are all these crosscurrents, and it's kind of -- I think the good thing is Chinese New Year is early. I mean, it's beginning now. And 2 months of the quarter are left after that. And usually, every time that happens, where the Chinese New Year is early, usually has been a positive result.
Steve Sanghi: So several questions in there. Number one, yes, the point I made on 32-bit is we went over 100 products last quarter. And 100 products is kind of the magical critical mass. If you have fewer products in a microcontroller, then you have engagement issues with our customer, where the customer engages, he does all this work and says, "I like the architecture. I'll use your product." But then they need more memory or the connectivity, they need a LIN bus, they need a Wi-Fi, they need an RF on the chip, and you don't have that version of the product, then their work is wasted and they have to go through the different architectures. So customers often look for having a sufficient critical mass of products where there's a very high probability that the product they need is in the portfolio, and at 100-plus products that becomes really real. So we really, we hit that number. So we think that's a reasonable inflection point. And the second is the 2 main things that I talked about at your conference, and Ganesh talked about it today. One is the announcement of the 32-bit and 32 MZ product line, which is really industry's the highest performance microcontroller in its class. And second is this Harmony software development tool, which is absolutely a productivity giver to the customers. So we think all those things combined is really a game-changer. And we're starting to see it in the feedback we're getting.
Steve Sanghi: 1,100, 1,200 analog products. So broad portfolio and positioning it really head-on with in any kind of sockets. And it has worked very well. And we're growing. We have the best performance of analog in the industry compared to -- look at the year-over-year growth rates compared to anybody.
Steve Sanghi: And people have some sort of this mix that analog is black magic, and all the analog engineers work for these other companies and you can't find them and that's just kind of not true. We were able to attract them. We had lots of analog engineers working in our microcontroller groups because 95% of the microcontroller revenue is with the large amount of analog on the same die. And we were able to package some of that functionality standalone, some of it together with the microcontroller. But really, we were able to amass a fair amount of these sources, some through acquisitions, some ourselves, and then created one of the best-performing analog franchises in the industry.
Steve Sanghi: So like I said early on, I don't know whether you were on the call yet or not, but I mentioned in fiscal 2015 and then going forward, we continue to have a strategy of significant internal growth and then further beefed up by continuous small or occasionally large acquisition. Beyond that, I couldn't really give you any signal for timing or what area or whatever. But it's like we're active constantly.
Steve Sanghi: So the only way licensing plays in the Internet of Things is really enabling our SuperFlash technology to build low-power microcontrollers in the industry, which will then go to the Internet of Things. Otherwise, it doesn't really have a direct play. What we have successfully done is really essentially licensed to every major foundry is licensed on a SuperFlash technology. The largest big foundries, any other foundry you name, the one in Taiwan, the one in China, the ones in Singapore, the ones in Malaysia, the ones in Europe, they all have license of SuperFlash technology. And some are in production and some are proceeding towards the production where the licensing happened either last year or the year before. And these are very complex technologies. It takes a couple of years to go to production. So there's a significant additional revenue growth ahead as these additional foundries go to production and the royalty income begin. We have more than doubled the business since we bought SST. When we bought it, it was doing $40 million a year business. We're doing about $90 million now. And there's further growth ahead as many more of these foundries go to production.
