Steve Sanghi: The distributors have taken down inventory and, as Eric pointed out, the distribution inventory is a decade low. As far as the customers are concerned, there is -- there's really a demand shortage. Any time the demand falls, then any inventory customers have becomes more based on their run rate. So there is always an element of inventory correction to that lower demand number. But the predominant issue is really the macro weakness where we have record number of design wins, lots and lots of new customers going to production. If you look at total number of designs we're shipping into any given customer is increasing, but they're all taking less dollar amount and less unit amount per design, which is not a whole different commentary than we have seen with many other competitors. That's sort of what we are seeing.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we don't really have that much more to comment. The thing is we have changed the SMSC's calendar to a Microchip fiscal calendar. Their quarters ended on May and August and November. So if you look at a quarter like December and then March, in their February ending quarter, they would pick up December, which will usually be weak, and then pick up the Chinese New Year. And on Microchip calendar, Thanksgiving and December fall in one quarter and the Chinese New Year falls in another quarter. So there are a lot of moving parts. In parallel with all that, with commentary you're seeing from all the PC guys and others, there's a substantial demand contraction in the business, along with the inventory correction. So with so many moving parts, I don't think we're ready to establish a new seasonality. I think I would actually say that there is no pattern of seasonality anymore in the business. It's just whatever happens. If you look at a lot of different companies and you simply try to predict a quarter based on its seasonality for the last 5 years, you don't get a good meaningful result. We will have a better feeling about a year after we have run SMSC on our clock, and some of our seasonality might change. But even if you look at our own business, we hardly ever have weak September. September usually is a fairly strong quarter for us, and we have just experienced a very weak September. So I think the old seasonality models are really out the window.
Steve Sanghi: Well, let me take a crack at it. Basically, I think, along with you guys, us and everybody else is concerned about the fiscal cliff. It's having negative impact on the business now, and it will continue to have the business into probably the first quarter. Nobody knows whether fiscal cliff is going to get resolved. If it does get resolved, then it takes a while for it to get into the system. Meanwhile, lots of -- lots and lots of our small customers are strapped with credit and living hand to mouth and not launching their products and taking lower revenue and seeing economic contraction, and all those things are continuing. There is a big power change going on in China with the new President and the new Premier coming in. Nobody knows the impact of that. Usually, most people say that, that will have a positive effect, but, again, it takes some time for it to incur. So there are a lot of cross currents. When I mentioned through the June of next year, it's just cutting wafer starts for about a 7.5-month period, which we think will correct the inventory to a point where I will feel comfortable. A growth in the business between now and then will actually accelerate it, bring the inventory down and the action manned [ph] earlier. So it's more driven by the wafer starts, how long we need to correct the inventory than is a commentary on whether I expect the business to be not good through June.
Steve Sanghi: No, I think they will stay at that level, and it will modulate based on -- if we see any revenue growth or strength in business or distributors start building inventory and then if we modulate these wafer start cuts, we're cutting at a certain level. If we cut less, then the margin will improve. So if we don't cut, then -- if we cut and keep it at the same level, then the margin will stay in this range through the June.
Steve Sanghi: Well, there are always a large number of moving parts. So business conditions don't improve, but distribution thinks the inventory has gone too low. 31 days is really extremely low, a decade low. And if the distribution builds back some of the inventory, getting prepared for the any upturn or improvement in business condition, then that would be a positive. There's a large amount of mix across memory, analog, microcontroller products, and you can always have the mix change, which could drive that you have to build certain number of products. And some different products will take a little longer to bleed out. So there are a lot of moving parts, but I think that's the general thing.
Steve Sanghi: The order patterns in the business continue to be weak, consistent with what we have guided, and I don't believe there is any noticeable difference on analog versus microcontrollers.
Steve Sanghi: So, Eric, let me comment, then you can add to it. So I think there are 2 factors. The biggest impact is coming out of cutting wafer starts. The rotating time off is just one way of managing the wafer start cut. The gross margin decline is not coming out of rotating time off. It's coming out of lower utilization by cutting the wafer start. Some people lay off the people to really then manage reduced activity. Instead of laying off, we give everybody a shared sacrifice cut so you have the people employed, trained, working on new processes, ready to increase their hours when we need it. So very quickly increase the activity when we need it. So just a clarification that the gross margin impact is coming out of starts cut, not the rotating time off. Rotating time off is just one way of managing reduced hours -- work hours. But there's also a second impact on gross margin, which is coming out of SMSC revenue being 3 months now versus 2 months last quarter. Please add something if you need to add.
Steve Sanghi: So it's not all done. As Ganesh pointed out, the -- all the products are supposed to ship from Microchip's IT and business systems by January 1. So it's really not all completed yet. The lowest-hanging fruit early on has been done, but there's some more hard work ahead.
Steve Sanghi: Well, yes, we see a meaningful difference in the number of design wins and the registrations and all that created. But it's a very design win-driven business, and the incubation period for design wins is 9 months on the earliest to up to 2 years. So you could get a little bit of revenue here and there from jumper balls, but -- and some on the analog products and some on the commodity memory products. But real design win revenue is a little out in time because there's incubation periods.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So as we have described many, many times before, we have 80-plus regional distributors, which are strong demand creators in the largest geography we have in Asia and also lots of them in Europe. Global distributors are good contributors, but all of them combined are in that range. So it's a positive thing to really add and extend the channel. It's a very positive thing for SMSC to have Microchip's largest distributor, which is Future Electronics, to be engaged in selling and creating designs for SMSC products also. So I'm not taking it away, but I'm just -- I don't know what your model will say in tempering the enthusiasm.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, $0.04 to $0.05 now versus what we had guided before. And to what we had guided before, we had upside. So that is the unfortunate thing, which is nothing to do with SMSC, it just has to do with the environment. But beyond that, New York is not the only place they are in. They have a large center in Austin. They have people in Irvine. They have people in San Jose. There's a center in Germany. And Microchip has people in all those places also. So management team is spread out. That's what we have to be able to do. It's a global company. Ganesh, actually, is attending this call from India in Bangalore where Microchip has 200 people and SMSC has about 80 people who are moving into our facility at the end of December. And I'm here in New York. I was yesterday at the SMSC headquarters. So no, that will not change our desire to do these global acquisitions in the future. There is absolutely no issue related to that. It's working very well. It's the environment that has taken some wind out.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I don't know if it's equal. Nothing ever happens equally in our business also. But it's broadly distributed. There are 4 divisions we are running in SMSC: One is the automotive; other is the computing; third is the USB and Ethernet; and fourth is the wireless audio. And there is downturn in all those 4 businesses, not dissimilar to Microchip where we are seeing downturn in our analog, microcontroller, memory, all businesses.
Steve Sanghi: Basically, when the business is not growing, you usually have enough capital. So the capacity capital incrementally really goes to 0, and then you have here and there bottlenecks, new technology or some new things that you have to invest in. But driven by the lower revenue guidance, you're able to take some capital out. The reduction actually is more than $10 million because the older number was Microchip alone. This is now includes SMSC, and they had a capital budget.
Steve Sanghi: We really have not broken it out. And as the synergies identified, if there is some capital needed to transfer something to Microchip factories at a lower cost, I am more than willing to spend that money, if the cost is lower, but otherwise, also if the capital has been constrained. So these are being identified as we go. There's not a lot of it between now and end of the quarter because a lot of those programs are being identified and all that, and capital takes a little while to buy and make it productive.
Steve Sanghi: We want you to know that starting Monday, my management team already knows that our management team, our weekly director, corporate fellows, they're all on a 5% pay cut starting Monday. So Microchip leadership team steps up first to make the sacrifice when we're asking anybody else to do anything. Earnings are down substantially. Operating expenses have popped up, driven by lower revenues, so the entire management team. And it's been a voluntary program, and pretty much, everybody will step up.
Steve Sanghi: Well, no, I didn't throw out any number. I never want to be limited to pin down to any number. It's a complex business where it depends on how much inventory's in distribution. If inventory in distribution goes to 40, then I'm comfortable with one set of number. If it's 31, I'm comfortable with another set of number. So no, I have not thrown any number out. What I think historically we have talked about, if the distribution inventory was average, which clearly it is not, if it was average, then we are comfortable in the 115 to 120 range. Obviously, I have not reevaluated it with SMSC in there. And the reason we haven't reevaluated is the inventory calculation is really messed up right now with this purchase accounting. So when you add $26 million or so, write up the inventory to a full price, sale value, which the GAAP accounting requires, it's really messed up. So we've got to flush out in the next few months and really be able to have a more meaningful indicator that you can latch onto, then analyze the business and look at what the longer-term inventory would be. So I'll give you guys a number in the future, but for Microchip alone, that number in the past was 115 to 120. And with SMSC, it will change.
Steve Sanghi: Broad-based effort that moves the needle will take some time, but I'm pleased to say that some of the very first designs have already been one with Microchip product in the customers where SMSC designs were. In some cases, we caught at the right time, the designs were just going to completion and we were able to replace either the microcontroller or analog or memory. I think there are a couple of examples of analog already, there are some examples of microcontroller and memory. So it does work. It's just on a broad base, it will take time.
Steve Sanghi: We are not going to break out any end markets like we historically don't. Our business remains very broad-based. We have 70,000-plus customers. Large portion of our business still is through distribution where it's much harder to break out where really the end customer is. So that's something we're not willing to break out.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, automotive exposure has increased. It was about 25% of their business, and it was not that much of our business. But it has slightly increased. But in percentage terms, based on their business being a lot smaller than ours, it's not a big needle mover. But yes, it has increased.
Steve Sanghi: I don't know if I understand the question. Will we -- with the 16-bit and 32-bit growth, yes, they will include SMSC in future.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. So in the OpEx of Microchip without SMSC, cuts are basically coming from 3 areas. One is the pay cut for the management team I talked about. Second is the variable bonus program where bonuses will be quite low in this environment. And third is any attrition we may decide not to replace or any additions that we were planning we may very carefully look at it and drag our feet on it. So those are the 3 areas it will come from. The cuts in the OpEx of SMSC will come in all those factors, plus the result of integration where certain functions that would be consolidated.
Steve Sanghi: The reasoning for giving you that detail is I need to give some finality to the employees. I can't just put them on a rotating time off and really not have them know what does it mean, when does it end. At some point in time, people want some predictability in their life on how many hours I'm working as a full-time job. If it's forever, then they should go try to find a full-time job. If it is for a short period of time, these are long-term committed Microchip employees, they'll make their sacrifice and go along with it. So when we model it without a lot of revenue growth, we correct the inventory problem by the end of June. And with distribution building inventory and having more reasonable growth on the revenue, the time period could cut short. So that's what I'm telling the employees, that we expect this RTO, rotating time off, to go through about June, and that's what I'm telling you.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, the 27.5% is not achievable with flat revenue from here, and I think if that's what you model, it probably would be just way too conservative. I -- this is -- with just the inventory being that low in this environment, it's pretty much at the bottom here. So if you assume flat revenue, and you said for several quarters and you probably are modeling it way, way too conservative, there will be revenue growth because without the revenue growth, you can't get to our model. The other thing is if the revenue doesn't grow in your model, then even if I bring the inventory down, I cannot still run full production. Then I still don't get the full gross margin recovery. So there has to be some business recovery either through new products or the number of new products we are launching. Ganesh talked about a couple of product lines in the analog group, similarly, we have in the microcontroller group, revenue coming from some of the synergy realized with SMSC. We absolutely will grow revenue next year.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we want to thank you, everybody, for attending this conference call. Some of the Microchip management will be on the roadshow attending some of the conferences. So we'll see you on the conference circuit, and we'll talk to you again in the next conference call. Thank you.
James Eric Bjornholt: I don't think that's something that we're ready to share here in terms of breakdown of analog and microcontroller. But the issue there, Brendan, it's just any inventory that's sitting in the distribution channel on the date of the acquisition, we don't get to recognize the sell-through for that. So that's something that we can follow up on, but I don't have a number for you in terms of the micro-analog split unless Gordon has something he'd want to share.
James Eric Bjornholt: Steve, I'll take that. So JoAnne, there's no difference in GAAP and non-GAAP revenue in the December quarter. So all the inventory that was in the SMSC distribution channel essentially flushed through during the September quarter. So that we do have in our guidance table on the press release GAAP and non-GAAP guidance, and on revenue line, they're the same.
James Eric Bjornholt: Steve, it's probably -- we'd have to look at a full run rate for SMSC, but it's definitely less than 20% of the overall business. It's probably closer to 15%.
James Eric Bjornholt: Well, Craig, I mean, we've got a variable compensation system at Microchip and we've used that historically to manage through these difficult times. So with that, we look at those things. We have worldwide communication meetings where we talk about spending and how to act like this money is your own and employees latch on to that. So we get the whole employee population involved in the process. And just as in prior downturns, we will do an excellent job of managing expenses this go around.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes, at this point, we haven't given any guidance for revenue for March or anything else. I think we'd just like to hold off on that for now.
Ganesh Moorthy: Clearly, the markets that are in -- related to PC, consumer electronics, as they go through the December quarter, are the ones that tend to have a market change that is associated with the December quarter. So those are the markets, I would say, that are performing or behaving like they are. Some of the other ones which are the industrial markets, et cetera, are not quite as pronounced as that. So there are small changes, but at the end, most of our business tends to have -- it's a large base of customers. We have new customers, new applications that are also in the mix, and we don't see as much of a company-wide effect that you can decode down to end markets in any given quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's not something that has just happened. For a while now, the larger semiconductor companies in Japan have been trying to figure out how to restructure. Some have been at restructuring now for 7, 8 years and really have made progress very, very slowly. But as they go through their troubles, we find more opportunities where customers are uncomfortable with their supply. Whoever they have in their supply base are increasingly inviting us to be part of that base, and I don't think it is a very quick transition. But I think, over the long run, there are more opportunities for Microchip, both in Japan, but also outside of Japan, where these same companies sell their products, where Microchip should be able to find more homes and more served markets that we can go after.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the revenue synergies are obviously different, depending on which of the businesses of SMSC we're talking about. The USB and Ethernet type of products probably have the greatest energy in terms of what we can do to help using our broad channels, and they tend to be closer to some of the traditional Microchip applications and channels, et cetera. Some of the other ones are more targeted by customer. There, it will take more time. We have identified that SMSC has a very deep platform-oriented approach into those markets in areas like automotive and computing and wireless audio. And there, that platform carries many other products that are similar to what Microchip's traditional microcontrollers and analog products are like and memory products are like. And as those platforms come up for redesign, we will influence those platforms to take advantage of solutions that the traditional microcontrollers, analog and memory can provide. So the work is going. There's a lot of cross-training, as I mentioned, between our sales teams, between the divisions. People are excited to look at the platform again, and also, people are working hard on the channel side to enable the channel who has a broad customer base to access, to take advantage of those products that are more appropriate there. But these are all design-in products, they're all proprietary products. And as Steve mentioned, these things will take time to show in the revenue. But it has to start at the design end of things, and that's where we have started right now.
Blayne Curtis: I feel bad asking because you did provide a lot of detail on the deal, but I'm assuming that you're going to continue to break out 8-, 16-bit and 32-bit going forward. So I was just wondering if you could dial in the base in this quarter of that roughly $35 million from SMSC.
Blayne Curtis: I was just curious. So is there no 8-bit revenue and it just goes into 16 and 32? And I was just wondering. If you don't want to give the absolute dollar, that's fine. I was just curious.
Blayne Curtis: Okay. Fair enough. Thought I figure it out. And then on the OpEx side, I just want to make sure I heard this right. It sounds like -- and given the accretion that you're talking about and the deal being a little bit lower and your comments that you're pulling back the core OpEx in the quarter, and then do you -- it sounds like given what you just said about cuts, that cuts continue into the March quarter as well for the core OpEx outside of even what you're doing with SMSC.
