Ganesh Moorthy: So, because we're not in the end markets you described like smartphones, we don't have direct visibility into what they're facing. We do read the same industry reports as to what might be happening. There is sometimes a delay between when something is perceived to be in the market to when it actually filters into the supply chains. And at this point in time, we do not see any major relief in the capacity as a result of some other end market that is weak. That may happen in time, but not at this point.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a good question, but it's a very difficult question to quantify the way that you're looking for. There are upsides and downsides, and the different risks that we're dealing with. What we have applied is a way to look at all of that and come up with an aggregate risk that we have built into the guidance. And so I don't have a specific breakdown that would be helpful to you on China customer or China supply or Russia, et cetera. It's all built in to what we have. And we know that they're going to come at us with a slightly different twist than what we're thinking about, and all that is built into the guidance we've provided.
Ganesh Moorthy: Gary, what I would also add is that, as business grows, distribution almost, by definition, needs more products shipped into them in order for them to be able to prepare for that growth. The days of inventory is a more normalizing indicator that tells you how is -- what they're getting as a function of what is it that they're shipping through. So there is no concern with the fact that we are shipping in slightly more. And as Eric mentioned, it's pretty small in the grand scheme of things. Despite that and despite the growth, the days of inventory are declining quite significantly, going from 19 to 17. And I think that is a more meaningful indicator as what's going on in distribution.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a hard question to take in the hypothetical, but let's look at where some of the cushions are if and when that change happens, right? So I think we were just talking about distribution inventory at 17 days, right? I mean distribution is running on fumes. And to run healthy, they need to be in that high 20s kind of days of inventory, sometimes slightly higher than that. So I think that is the first part of what we would need to do with is utilize the opportunity if it is this down cycle at some point to replenish distribution to run healthy for a normal business. Second is when you look at our inventory, right, we really -- our inventory is up in a few days. But really, when you look at the inventory at the points that are in die bank, in finished goods, those are all still running on fumes for us given the mix of our products. We have a significant amount of internal inventory replenishment, et cetera, to be done. And finally, I think we have conveyed that while products are such long-lasting products, that we intend to build inventory in a down cycle, because that is the most effective capacity we can have rather than trying to get CapEx to go up when the next up cycle comes about. We had constraints in doing that in the last cycle, when we were more cash constrained given the debt that we have. We don't have those same constraints. And so our products last 10, 15, 20 years, and we fully expect that we will utilize our capacity and be more capital efficient through the cycle, whenever that cycle happens.
Ganesh Moorthy: No, I think it's still a challenge to get equipment. And over the last 4, 5 quarters, it's become more challenging to get equipment in on time. So delays are there. It's a bit of a vicious cycle. Many of the delays are caused by shortages in semiconductor components. Those in turn, delay the equipment, which delays the ability to solve that problem. We have, in fact, taken the initiative to prioritize supply for many of the semiconductor equipment manufacturers, so that we do our part to both help the industry and help ourselves in doing that, and I believe others are doing it as well. But at the moment, the equipment lead times are getting worse, not better.
Ganesh Moorthy: So Chris, there's no single point at which there is a step function change in our capacity. We are getting capacity increases every quarter. As equipment comes in, it gets qualified, installed and begins to run production. Some of that is in our front-end fabs. Some of that is not back-end factories as the case might be. In certain cases, we are expanding clean room and that clean room space comes on at a certain point in time, which allows us to put in place more equipment. But it's more of a continuum of capacity increases that is taking place. And every quarter, we are increasing capacity. In some cases, it requires equipment. In other cases, it's really just hiring the people to run the equipment that we have. And all of that is kind of a more continuous process every quarter rather than a step function in any given quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: As I mentioned, all end markets are strong. Maybe the one of note would be, we are seeing more strength in the defense, aerospace end of the market. Commercial aviation is coming back. And so some of the folks that were not building are starting to build more. There are going to be some defense-related items given some of what's going on geopolitically that will come through. But that's a small part of our overall business. So it's still got significant strength in the other 5 end markets that we're in.
Ganesh Moorthy: Not really. I think what we had said is we met the major objectives we had when we went on our multiyear acquisition path. The two big ones at that time to be able to build scale and the other one was to build out the portfolio to be broader than what it was 10 years ago. Having reached both those objectives, we think there is more to be had in focusing and harnessing organically what we have and getting the best of what we have. So we were doing more acquisitions when the available growth was also limited, and we wanted to augment our organic growth with the acquisitions. We believe we're at a point in time, where there is a substantially higher organic growth opportunity available. And the most cost-effective growth, we think, is organic, and that is where we're focused with the many specific strategies that we have put in place for that as large acquisitions. And of course, we still do small pinpoint acquisitions that are tuck-ins intended for technology, market or customers from time to time.
Ganesh Moorthy: So directionally, when I look at it year-over-year, is that a component of the growth that comes from price, yes. The majority of the growth is coming from units, and price, as we have talked about before, is predominantly for us to be able to address cost increases that we have incurred, which we batch and pass on from time to time to our customers. The gross margin benefits of the price increase are really not something we target to go get. I'll let Eric speak to maybe the timing of the FIFO inventory and all that, but largely, we're not trying to boost up gross margins through the price changes that we're making.
Ganesh Moorthy: So let me take that. I think if you look at the automotive industry, in some ways, I look at their results over the last 4 or 5 quarters, and I think a semiconductor shortage is probably the best that happened to them. Every one of them has record results, record profitability, whether that is at the OEM level or the Tier 1 level. And why? What they have done is really utilized the available semiconductor supply they have to build the richest product line that they can build. And if you try to go to a dealer today and try to buy a de-featured car, it's not available. You can get it in a year's time or whenever they tell you it is. And so the semiconductor content per car on average has grown up, because the mix has become much richer. Things that perhaps were optional or not available before, are becoming more standard, because in a smaller number of cars they want to sell, they are utilizing as many semiconductors has become available for that smaller number of cars to have the richest product line. And secondly, from an automotive standpoint, there are no discounts available. So all of the discounting that took place is a gross margin tailwind for the automotive guys. So the chips we're selling -- and by the way, our shortages that we deal with, with the automotive customers hasn't really abated in the last year. We still have significant escalations and issues that we're working with, with not just automotive but just about every industry, but automotive specific since you asked that. So, there is no indication that all is quiet on the automotive front with respect to the getting product that they need. They are still fighting through shortages in order to be able to build exactly the cars and the mix of product that they want to make.
Ganesh Moorthy: So first, maybe to parse out, right? All three, 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit are still setting new records. So all are growing. Clearly, there is a higher growth rate on the 32-bit, which is why it grew the most, and it's now approaching almost half of the microcontroller revenue. Now we continue to expect that the usage of microcontrollers and the embedding of intelligence in lots and lots of end applications is a critical secular trend that has a tailwind for our business overall. We've kind of represented and shown that in the 6 megatrends, and how what we do fits in those kind of end market or end applications and drives growth for us. Now to your second question on gross margin, the gross margin of the microcontroller business is not dramatically different between 8s, 16s and 32s. And so we go to market with an approach that allows any one of our products to be utilized, depending on what is most appropriate in the customer situation, and the pricing is to the value that we bring into that application. And so the general gross margin, we don't believe is affected by the mix of 8s, 16s and 32-bit.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the PSP program requires 12 months of continuous non-cancelable backlog. Many customers choose to go longer than that. And we don't really track what is the -- what percentage of that is above or below where it is. We make sure that everybody is in compliance with the program. But we do have a meaningful amount of that backlog that is more than 12 months. And we do have overall PSP backlog continuing to grow. So that's one part of the question. And the other part of it is, exiting the March quarter, our unsupported backlog grew again quite significantly. And that is the sixth or seventh or some consecutive quarter of continuing expansion of unsupported, just giving you the sense of how -- no matter how much incremental capacity we have brought on, we continue to be falling behind versus the intensity of demand. So it's just -- it's not supplies and coming online. It's just demand is outgrowing supply multiple quarters and expanding that gap between supply and demand.
Ganesh Moorthy: So lead times are long. I wouldn't say that they're stabilized. Some of the constraints are still quite acute. And to the extent that demand continues to grow faster than supply, the only way to solve is on lead times. So lead times have been stretching out more so on some products, perhaps than other products, and where they're at. On the pricing increase and PSP, so any time we increase prices, our customers have a small window in which they have the opportunity to refuse the price increase, and cancel the backlog if they so wish. And we have the opportunity to adjust the price, if we so wish, which we have not done. What customers have in the course of the price increase that we have done, the amount of backlog that they have chosen to cancel is so small, it's almost immeasurable in the grand scheme of what we have. And so there has been no final impact of the price increase in our PSP backlog.
Ganesh Moorthy: There's no easy answer to give you on what -- so capacity is a function of our internal capacity, our external capacity, specific packages, some materials which have constraints in the industry like substrates, et cetera. So in any given product package combination, the constraints can be quite large and can be well over a year in lead time. In others as we are alleviating them we may get to where it's not pushing out as much or at least stabilizing there. So -- but in the aggregate, I would say that lead times have not stabilized and that constraints continue to grow. And as our imbalance between supply and demand grows every quarter, it solves on time.
Ganesh Moorthy: So we did not break out what the China COVID impact is. Clearly, there are impacts from both supply, where we have manufacturing partners and supply chains that are affected, and there are customers, who are in the regions that are shut down and unable to conduct business in what they're doing. We have comprehended the impact from both the supply and the demand side into the guidance that we have provided. And beyond that, we're not trying to break it down any further than that. As far as what other people have done and how do we think, I honestly don't know, because it's all a function of what percent of their manufacturing or customer base is in the affected area, and that is not very knowable for us. So I presume each company has the insight into their business to provide the guidance that they think is right.
Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So our silicon carbide technology, came to us from the Microsemi acquisition, has a heritage started in aerospace and defense and therefore, has a substantial DNA that is built around robustness and reliability for where it's at. We have since continued to build that technology out and expand its focus into industrial and automotive, with a higher interest in industrial, because it's faster time to market, but also because it has a far more gross margin characteristics that align with where Microchip's interest are at.  And so that's what we have done is continue to bring out new products that have higher voltage capabilities. High voltage is an indication of robustness and its ability to operate in these harsh environments. Bring out more product categories, I think we, at this point, probably have one of the larger catalog of silicon carbide products in the market. And we are prosecuting these in a broad range of applications with obviously a high degree of industrial customers, some in automotive. And in Industrial, the one example you just cited, which is EV chargers is a key reference design for us for our total system solutions, not just for silicon carbide, but for many other parts of that solution that we bring that we're finding great success in.
Ganesh Moorthy: So when you talk to the foundry companies, their opportunity cost of investing in trailing edge is high as compared to making that same investment in leading edge. And so they have finite resources, finite bandwidth, and they need to decide where to put it. And right now, what we see and what they tell us is, that is going in the way that they are investing their CapEx, which is mostly at the leading edge of where they're at. There is also not always sufficient understanding of how trailing edge is a critical part of certain markets, particularly for certain product types, where the benefits of going to leading edge are very small to sometimes it's a negative to go take it, the leading edge in terms of cost and performance, et cetera. So that understanding is among a smaller set of companies. And typically, they will be the ones that are closer to their own manufacturing and understand what it takes. And so we just don't see a broad-based capacity investment by external foundries in trailing edge capacity given both their knowledge of the market, but also their priority in a constrained environment for their people their CapEx and their bandwidth.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. So we have every confidence that the capacity that we need to support our growth, through a combination of internal and external actions, will be there. And we will continue to work with existing partners. In some cases, we will work with new partners. We will, in many cases, partner in new and unique ways where we need to, to ensure that the capacity is there. And we are doing quite a bit on our internal capacity, right? That's where the whole the CapEx that we have talked about is also aimed at in order to be -- to ensure that high-growth high-margin, long-term business can continue to be done internally where we can do it cost effectively.
Ganesh Moorthy: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to seeing many of you on the circuit over the next couple of months, as we're out of different conferences. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Eric Bjornholt: Well, I just view the difference is really small. If you look at our fiscal year, I think there's an $11 million difference between GAAP revenue and what sell-through was through distribution channels. So I think it's minor. Distributors are challenged, just like customers are today in terms of getting the product that they need to support their customers. We're generally seeing that what we're shipping into them is shipping out almost immediately to support their customers. And they also have a lower percentage of their backlog typically that is on the PSP program. And that has impacted their availability to get supply as some of the direct customers that got into PSP earlier or have a stronger presence in PSP, have that priority of supply.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. So from a timing perspective, as Ganesh said, we try to batch these pricing increases, as things are starting to flow through the P&L. And it's not a perfect process, but that's what we try to do. Again, we're not trying to gouge customers. We're trying to pass along the cost and earn what I would call a standard margin on that, but not be a gross margin percentage enhancer. So with 100,000 SKUs in the portfolio, again, it's not a perfect process, but I think we've done a good job of doing that and being fair with our customers.
Eric Bjornholt: I think the only other thing I would add is just a point of clarification on the statement that you made in your question, Harlan, is that we are targeting this 10% to 15% CAGR on revenue based on fiscal '21 as a baseline, right? We just completed fiscal '22, which is a very strong growth year. We're expecting another strong growth year, but I don't want you or investors to necessarily just put in your model 10% to 15% on a perpetual basis going forward. We'll have to see how that plays out over time, but that's a 5-year CAGR based off of fiscal '21 as the baseline.
Eric Bjornholt: I think I would just add two points. Ganesh said one of these already, but in the quarter, total backlog grew, unsupported backlog grew and PSP backlog grew. So all of them were up quarter-on-quarter.
Eric Bjornholt: The second piece of your question was on CapEx, and it was maintenance versus expansion. And I would say the majority of our capital is going to be expansion. There's always some maintenance. You can look at some down years that we've seen or the industry has seen in the past, and our CapEx is relatively minimal. It might be $60 million, $70 million, $75 million, but we're also running our factories very hard now. And with that, there is a required maintenance that has to happen. So I don't have a specific percentage for you, but the largest portion of it will be expansion capital.
Steve Sanghi: I'd like to add to that, Vivek, your question began with, if Microchip goes down 5% to 7%, and then you compared it to 2009, when over a 6-month period, industry and Microchip's revenue was down 35%, in the middle of a global financial crisis. So I don't think anybody is looking for that kind of downturn last -- next year, where the revenue goes down that much percentage. So I think 6% gross margin drop in 2009 environment is scary. And I don't think we are expecting that kind next year, even if the sales were to drop 5% for the elements that Ganesh pointed out, it will take us a period of a year at least to really rebuild our own inventory, restock distribution and get everything healthy. So I don't really think there is that much concern about gross margin dropping that much.
Steve Sanghi: In today's environment, you couldn't get the benefit of cross-selling on a new acquisition, because there's no capacity. You would simply be inheriting the capacity challenges of an acquiree. And if there are any cross-selling opportunities to grow revenue, you won't have capacity for it, because we're constrained even just shipping our organic growth.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. Yes, I would. So what has happened historically is that the foundries built a leading-edge fab, depreciated it fully over 4 years, providing leading-edge chips to the likes of Qualcomm and AMD and others. And when the leading-edge guys moved to the next node, then they took that capacity, a depreciated fab and repurposed it for microcontroller, mixed-signal, connectivity and those kind of products. And that's how over many, many years, trailing as a capacity became available. Now what has happened now is that link is broken. The leading-edge lithography has gone to 14-nanometer, 10-nanometer, even 7, 5 and 3-nanometer, while the microcontrollers and analog, because of functionality needed, are still in the range of 65-nanometer to 180-nanometer. And so therefore, the trailing edge capacity no longer easily becomes available, because somebody moved to the next node. Secondly, starting at 19-nanometer, the wafers became 12-inch, less than 19 nanometer, the wafer's at 8-inch. And 8-inches largely aluminum back end and 12 inches largely copper back end, and one is not compatible with the other. So a 12-inch fab becoming available, doesn't easily give the capacity for an 8-inch product to move to 12-inch. So combination of those factors and the fact that the foundries are adding almost no capacity on the trailing edge, it is quite possible that the trailing edge capacity is forever constrained. And that's why we are making aggressive attempts to add capacity internally to provide that growth to our business and to our customers, and you're seeing some of our competitors do the same thing.
Steve Sanghi: So let me add to that. I think the amount of China exposure, both on the supply chain as well as customers is different for different companies. When it comes to supply chain, we have moved a fair amount of supply chain out of China when there were tariffs put on China back in 2019. A lot of them we left outside of China. So we had substantially lowered our exposure for the supply chain. That could be one. In terms of the impact we're having on Chinese customers in Shanghai, yes, we have finite impact on that, but we were able to take that supply and ship it elsewhere, because of the larger delinquencies. So we were largely able to mitigate the impact of customers not wanting to accept the product, because they were closed.
