Uche Orji – UBS: Sure. Thank you very much. Steve, let me just settle by asking you about where you are now with regards to utilization rates? This has provided some boost to margins, obviously. If we're looking to going forward, how much more upside could come from that? And also, if you can talk about where you see structurally margins going? In the opening remarks, you commented that you are now likely to be back to – by the end of this year, to the levels where – at your peak levels. Is there any structural feeling to gross margins, any way for us to think of where gross margins would get to? So if you can comment on some drivers that would be helpful, thanks.
Uche Orji – UBS: Yes. Just a different question, you talked about you were capitalizing on long lead times by your competitors and taking share as a consequence. If you're able to please comment where by product this is happening? This is the 8-bit or 16-bit or – and also by product. If you can just give us some color as to where you have seen the competitors struggling to meet demand and you're seeing incremental share gains. So that will be very helpful. Thanks.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much. Steve, let me just start out by asking you, are you – from an investor's standpoint, you are now, quite frankly, diverse that is defining [ph] to a memory business.
Uche Orji – UBS: Into a memory business. And fine, it's a product that collaborates with the microcontroller, but it's still a memory business. How – what do you think you can do with this business such that investors do not as awarded [ph] by a multiple, you know, given that you know, in typical memory business, you have all the issues about volatility. In the line business model, you have issues about margin structure. So I know you say it's going to meet the Microchip metrics, but you know, any more ways you can assure us that this will not bring a multiple depressing attributes to your business? That's just something I want to –
Uche Orji – UBS: Definitely. We will be. Just one more question, Steve. In terms of technically understanding what SuperFlash really brings, is this really more about high density, lower power embedded flash? And I just wanted to, if you can, you know, give us a little bit more insight as to how this product technically stands up against your basic floating gates [ph] non-flash products used by other people, that's just something –
Steve Sanghi: Uche, we don't provide specific capacity utilization levels, as it just seems to create confusion with investors and analysts. People seem to do a straight extrapolation, and in reality it doesn't quite work that way. We see continued gross margin improvement in our fiscal fourth quarter based on the non-GAAP guidance we provided 59.75 to 60.25, and we also indicated earlier that we should get back to our prior peak gross margins of 61.6% non-GAAP over the next four quarters by the end of fiscal year ‘11. And you know, that gets to the prior peak gross margins, and that is why we believe that without SST that is sort of where our business model is.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, the backlog and the bookings we are seeing from the Asia region is quite strong, and taking into account the less number of shipping days, the stronger shipping before it and then the recovery again afterwards, we're modeling some growth in that region.
Steve Sanghi: Well, if you take 61.6% non-GAAP and the operating expense that we guided to about 26.2% range, then the rest of the math, you know, it gets to about mid-30s, yeah. 61.6 minus 26.2, 35.4.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it is very, very broad-based, but I did highlight many of the focus areas in the last three years, where we have introduced 400 new products in the last three years. And many of these products have been in the area of extreme low power, where I believe our portfolio is about 60 or 70 products now. Touch sense, which is really on five. We are gaining touch sense designs everywhere, USB interface, advanced graphics, high-performance analog, Ethernet connectivity, RF motor control and digital power supply. Some of these are highlighted and there are many, many more.
Steve Sanghi: That is right. Like Ganesh said, in the next 12 months you will see significant up-tick on those designs going to production.Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: Thanks. Nice job, guys.
Steve Sanghi: Well, again we don't break the utilization, like I said earlier, but we are continuously incrementally adding fab capacity, bottlenecks here and there. The mix today of the products and the technologies is different than the mix we had two years ago when we were at the prior peak. You know, that is why the utilization plays funny games, and you guys get the wrong extrapolation, because over two years as you come back to the same peak revenue, things are different and they are different processes and more advanced processes. So we are continuously, incrementally and slowly adding to the capacity to provide the product for our customers at very, very short lead times. So in this coming year as the business continues to grow, we will be incrementally adding capital in the range that you know, you have seen in the low capital for Microchip over the years.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. As most of you are aware by now, earlier today we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Silicon Storage Technology, Incorporated, who are otherwise known as SST. We are excited by this acquisition, and we would now like to give you a brief overview of who SST is, why we decided to acquire them, how we plan to handle the financial reporting for the various SST businesses and then summarize the overall transaction. So let us start with an overview of who SST is. SST is a global leader in embedded flash technology and the licensing of these technologies. SST also has several other businesses nested within the company, including serial, parallel and specialty flash memories, 8051 microcontrollers and NAND controllers, NAND drives that provide solid state storage, power amplifiers and low noise amplifiers for WiFi applications. SST is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, and it has 574 employees worldwide. SST has approximately $180 million in cash and liquid trading securities on their balance sheet and no debt. We see a compelling strategic rationale to acquire SST for the following reasons. First, their proprietary SuperFlash technology is a critical building block technology for advanced microcontrollers. For example, this super flash technology is licensed by most major foundries and microcontroller OEMs. This acquisition secures critical embedded flash technology for Microchip’s core microcontroller business, and it also enables us to get earlier access to advanced technologies versus waiting until they are in production at the foundries. This acquisition also give us the ability to customize technology variance that would give us an advantage over competing technologies. Second, SST adds a strong patent portfolio to Microchip’s intellectual portfolio. SST has over 360 granted patterns and over 180 patents that are pending. And third, we would add 1851 microcontrollers and NAND controllers to our microcontroller portfolio. NAND controllers essentially are specialized microcontrollers for a given application. Now let us move to the financial reporting plan. The licensing business, 1851 microcontrollers and NAND controllers will be consolidated into Microchip’s financial reporting and continuing operations. We plan to continue investing in SuperFlash technology, consistent with enabling our technology needs and growing the licensing business. We plan to rationalize the serial, parallel and specialty flash memory businesses consistent with supporting and growing the licensing business and emulating microchip high margins serial EEPROM business model. We will treat the memory business as an asset held for sale until the rationalizing is complete. And we plan to divest the NAND drive and WiFi amplifier businesses and will hold them as assets held for sale. Finally let me provide you with a transaction summary. The $2.85 per share acquisition price translates to a transaction value of $275 million. However, once you account for exit fees, $180 million in cash and liquid trading securities in net transaction value is approximately $95 million. We expect the blended non-GAAP operating margins to be excellent after we complete the plant divestitures and rationalize the memory business. We expect the transaction to be accretive on a non-GAAP basis in the first full quarter after the transaction closes, and we expect to close the transaction in the second calendar quarter of 2010. The presentation with the key points we have reviewed with you today will be available from our website after this conference call, and with that we will be happy to take your questions about the SST acquisition.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, our dividend is still one of the highest in the industry, and you know as analysts you guys should make up your mind. You know, we have heard people say that the dividend was too high just two or three quarters ago, when for a very short period of time, we could not cover the dividend during the global financial crisis, and saying why you are paying such a high dividend, others said the dividend would be cut. We were the one company that didn't cut it, maintained the dividend and now we're slowly growing it again, still keeping it at industry high. And you know, yes, in the last 18 months we have done five acquisitions, but most of them have been quite small. This is the largest acquisition, which will use about $95 million to $100 million. Many others have been really single-digit, low single-digits kind of numbers. So our strategy with these acquisitions is elbow out. With each and every acquisition, we are slowly and steadily, you know, elbowing out to the adjacent you know, sockets around the microcontroller or helping add to our microcontroller whether it adds, you know, WiFi capability to a microcontroller with 0G [ph], whether it added touch screens with the Hampshire acquisition, whether it gave us the world-class C compilers with the software acquisition we did, and in this particular case, the SuperFlash technology you know, nearly 4 billion plus microcontrollers a year are built on SST flash technology. Majority of our competitors and major foundries have licensed that technology. So we believe that that technology in our hands will have significant advantage to get advanced leading access to that. So hopefully that addresses your question.
Steve Sanghi: The SST memory products are not at all competitive with the memory business we have. We make a serial EE memory, which is very, very low density, you know, 1K memory to 1 Mb memory. SST's products are more in the area of you know, either they are serial flash or parallel flash. So there are really relatively different market. We have not seen these products very much around our microcontroller, although when you get into large customers, you know, large blue-chip customers they use everything and we will find some opportunities, but our goal with the SST business in the memory is not necessarily to ship more of those memory products around our microcontrollers, but to actually rationalize the large memory business, so it makes high profits like our serial memory business.
Steve Sanghi: I think it's a detailed question that we don't have a precise answer today. You know, this acquisition is supposed to close I think in early April approximately. So we have the next two months to completely figure that out. So as we are closing this acquisition, we'll hold another conference call and give you a guidance, on really, you know, how the total sales and model would look like. Right now you can basically assume that you know, Microchip is not going to jeopardize its continuing gross and operating margin business that we have today. So the businesses we will keep above the line would really meet Microchip’s metrics.
Steve Sanghi: Let me expand on it. You know, take the microcontroller touch business, our competitors focus on handsets. We have a large touch business with 500 customers in production largely outside the handsets making very high margins. Serial EE business, most of our competitors take the low margin businesses in PC consumer whatever. We have a highly profitable good margin serial EE business. So this is the Microchip’s strength and skill, where we know how to draw the diamond out of the rough, and that's what we've got to do with this business.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, we will keep the licensing business as a stand-alone element business, where their goal would be to really grow the licensing business and license the rest of the foundries and take the advanced technologies and many of our, you know, hard-core competitors in microcontrollers are using SST flash technology, and we will not limit their access to that technology to keep the licensing business pure. It's very high margin makes, you know, 100% gross margin in licensing business. So the goal is – that is the core business in this company and we will help grow it. We have plenty of other avenues to compete with our competitors. We beat them in architecture, we beat them in design, we beat them on cost, we beat them on service, we beat them on design wins. We don't need to limit their access to technology. We will not do that.Harsh Kumar – Morgan Keegan & Co.: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Steve Sanghi: Uche, you know, we signed this deal at midnight and you know, in answering those kind of questions you know, there are employees involved, there are customers involved, there are partners involved, and I think you have to be bit more patient, you know, as we develop the integration plans, and more precisely can tell you what goes into the continuing business and what falls below. We've given you some indication. Microchip has been in the memory business for 20 years. We never lost money. You know, we are the most consistent high margin profitable business memory and non-memory. So we know how to do it. So, you know, be patient and give us some credit and if you don't, then so be it.
Steve Sanghi: That's a good question. SST’s flash is a much smaller cell size on a given technology than these flash we run internally. Now the flash we run inside is significantly more reliable. We are one of the only competitors, I believe. There may be always others. Whenever we say only, there is a risk of being wrong. Our internal flash doesn't require error correction to go into even the most complex in the liability sensitive applications like automotive. Some of the SST flash applications in automotive, for example, requires an error correction mechanism. So our internal technology leads in reliability, leads in you know, excellent reliability, low power and other stuff. So we address the market inside with our products, which have those characteristics. There are from lower density products, they are from low-power products and other things. Now the microcontroller market is very, very diverse. Everybody doesn't need low power or everybody doesn't need low density, some need high-density but they also need reliability. So SST flash, there are probably more microcontrollers in the world shipped on SST flash than probably on any other technology, probably we can safely say that. So you know, having that in our hands, giving us early access to that technology being able to use it inside as well as at foundries, and being able to create variance of that technology for our own competitive advantage. I think this is a significant benefit for our long term microcontroller business.
Steve Sanghi: We have answered an earlier question, I think when people are involved, the personnel are involved, you know, officers are involved, you know, it's just way too early of having signed this deal you know, midnight. We need to you know, sit down and build an integration plan and get into the next detail of you know, products and roadmaps and design pipeline and others, and it's too early to kind of give you any kind of guidance. You know, it will take about two months to close the acquisitions. So by the time we close this acquisition, we should be able to give you pretty good indication of really where we're looking at.John Barton – Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think it is public information that Mr. Yeh had a voting agreement with Technology Resource Holding, which had the first deal the private equity firm, and then he had a second voting agreement in place that is the Technology Resource Holding deal gets terminated, and I think he committed his voting agreement to Cerberus [ph], right. So that is in the public domain. So –
Steve Sanghi: You're correct that SST is a fabless company. We will not be migrating SST's products into our fabs. Obviously, their core business is a licensing business. Beyond that they have a large memory business that we have spoken about. Most of that memory business is at technologies and lithographies [ph], that we're not capable of running enough in our fabs, because you know, those are way to you know, muzelar [ph] driven. So they run at the foundries, and we will continue to run them at the foundries, and then they have some other businesses, they have a small microcontroller business, 1851, a small NAND controller business and others. They're all running at foundries and there are just probably not enough economies to bring them inside.
Steve Sanghi: So many of the PIC/dsPICs and our 32-bit products already use the SST technology. So this would simply give us an additional opportunity to create variance to even expand our product portfolio to take advantage of those technologies even more ways. So you know, foundries give you a standard technology. So it's really hard to get a variant out of that, and Microchip's competitive differentiation and high margins and all that run by, you know, we travel where other people don't.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, two-third of the business is memory, and you know, I think they break that out in the Q, right. I want to say something that won't break it out. So, you know, a large portion of their business is memory, which is very low gross margin business, but there are portions of that business that we can extract that into our business model, a very serial EE type of very high profitable good margin business model, and that's where we need to get to from where we are.
Steve Sanghi: It is a deal. So, you know, we were not allowed to talk to anybody, you know, prior to the deal being public.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, so last reported number were $9.5 million licensing business in calendar quarter third. You know, the entire industry was down last year. So if you're comparing anybody's numbers of their last quarter, which was a public quarter was September quarter, you know, that number about a year ago would be down because all microcontroller manufacturers were down year-over-year. The entire industry was down year-over-year. So the numbers would be down.
Steve Sanghi: There is a very large design pipeline. Remember these are advanced products. You know, any advanced products that are 2, 2.5 years to production. So there is a very rich pipeline of foundries and our competitors who have licensed these technologies have introduced products, which are going through the incubation period and there is a significant ramp coming ahead.
Steve Sanghi: That business, I can't disclose elements of the business yet. I mean they are announcing their results tomorrow. You can get on, you know, talk to them. We will be able to talk to you in a couple of months when it's our business, but, you know, we can't give you those details.
Steve Sanghi: It's a large number of things, and again I can't break it out right now. It's too early. I think we need you know, after the dust settles, we need to come back with some more information for our investors. Meanwhile, this has no impact on the March quarter. So our March quarter guidance that we gave you would be clean March quarter of Microchip. We expect to close this deal in early April. So this is a June quarter number and by the time we get there, we'll give you a clean guidance of what will roll up above the operating line, you know, on a non-GAAP basis and then what will be held for sale or what would be below, and so we'll give you very good guidance.Craig Ellis – Caris & Company: Thanks, Steve.
Steve Sanghi: We have not contacted them for obvious reasons prior to this morning. Our name was not known by anybody that we were even one of the party biddings, and no, we have not spoken with anybody.
Steve Sanghi: Okay, I want to thank everybody for joining the call. We did have some problems starting on our website, IR page wasn't working. It got working five minutes into the call. So if anybody just kind of went away because they couldn't get on, they can listen to the replay. Microchip management would be at Thomas Weisel conference next Tuesday, so we'll take more questions there, and we'll continue the discussion at that time. Thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: You know the delivery performance from the competitors span all their product lines 8s, 16s and 32s. Obviously, our large market presence is in 8-bit microcontrollers. So from a frequency standpoint that is the most frequent place where we see that inroad happening. But it affects more than just today's design that we can switch to Microchip by helping the customer take advantage of our supply, and helping them on the technical side to make the conversion. It affects their confidence about future designs. As they look at future designs, that can affect 8, 16 or 32 because when customers do their designs they want to be able to take it to production, and they want a supplier who has manufacturing output that lines up with what they are trying to ship.
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, at the rate that it is going I expect somewhere here in the next 12 months it will get to that point. I mean, as it grows at those kind of high double-digit rates it becomes a larger number every quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: The increase in 80%, 90% of our products are still available in a fairly relatively short lead time. You always have exceptions, where it is a special package or a given dye where a large demand came in, and those exceptions are a little more than usual now than there were nine months ago, but Microchip’s lead times are really still pretty – you know best in the industry.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. What I would like to do operator now this go to the next section, where we will talk about SST. First we will make some prepared remarks and after that we will reopen it up for questions, and we will take questions regarding SST. In the second section, you can also add any other remaining questions somebody may have regarding the earnings call.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. I think the answer is yes. They have a high exposure into the consumer segment and into the PC segment. As Steve mentioned, I think what we want to understand is how we can find the aspects of the business that have margin characteristics that we would like and that's really where we would focus our energies on.
Ganesh Moorthy: If I would add to that, you know, as we push up and out in terms of the microcontroller market, we continue to add larger microcontroller products, more complex microcontroller products, and have larger amounts of memory. SuperFlash will become an increasing part of how those products get deployed, and the strength of our internal technologies remains a strength for you know, the large percentage of our smaller to medium sized microcontrollers.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, that is primarily driven by interest rates. We have had some longer-term investments that we have made that have rolled off and then kind of reset to lower rates, and what we are able to invest on today. So that is the major driver, and then going forward, I would say that we're pretty much in a flattish mode. As we generate cash we invest that, but the investment returns at this point in time are pretty low.
Eric Bjornholt: I guess just one additional comment on that for everybody on the call, is we have a lot of floor space to grow into in the fab and our assembly and test operations. So it is really just equipment, and we have tried to take advantage of low cost opportunities in the marketplace during this downturn.
Eric Bjornholt: You know, if you go back and look at our history, and good years, I would say CapEx is in the $70 million range. We haven't put together a forecast yet. But I mean it will probably be plus or minus $10 million to that.
Eric Bjornholt: You know, if we did not understand some of this, you know, this was part of our diligence. We understand how that business has been constructed, what its characteristics are and we have confidence in its ability to grow.
