Steve Sanghi: So Vivek, first thing I would say is that you should not really be looking at any past trends, because this is just not a normal environment. Our bookings and backlogs and expedites and customer requests are really all driven by end market by end market, what the effect of COVID-19 is and what the visibility of the customers and distributors are. So really just absolutely – bookings in a quarter would be stronger if you go into it with a weaker backlog and the bookings often will be – in turns would be lower if you have a strong backlog that all depends on lead time and visibility. So we went into the start of this quarter with basically – dramatically decreased visibility by our distributors and customers. Therefore, we started the quarter with a very, very weak backlog. If you recall, the June quarter, we started the June quarter on April 1 with a very strong backlog. From – coming from March and the turn of China from the new Chinese New Year and all that. And then the bookings during the June quarter actually declined through May and June, which was a reverse of what happens in a normal year because June is a very strong quarter and bookings accelerate from April to May to June, it was totally different this time. So again, in July, August and September, July bookings were up significantly from the June run rate. June was very low and August is just starting. But looking at just a couple of days of bookings, for August, they’re also pretty good and even higher than the July average. So our expectation is that August and September bookings would be strong. And near term turns still from those bookings will be significant, which will make up for how the quarter looks against the same point in time versus June. It will improve, and that’s really what is included in our guidance.
Steve Sanghi: So we had a very strong backlog. And we gave guidance, original guidance, which was actually to be down from 2% to 10% or 2% to 12%. So we basically said that the backlog will deteriorate from being up near 9% to down 6%. This is a reverse quarter where the backlog started lower, and it started 8% lower than April 1 and the midpoint of our guidance is really down – is down 4%. So this time, we’re improving. We are expecting the backlog to improve in comparison to the last quarter. Why? Because last quarter bookings declined during the quarter, this quarter bookings are increasing during the quarter. And it’s all visibility, pandemic, end-market driven, what’s happening in automotive, what’s happening in data center, what’s happening in others. And there is really no correlation to what happened in the last five years. So throw all seasonality of the past away.
Steve Sanghi: Well, first, the environment has to become normal, and we haven’t seen normal in the last couple of years with all the U.S.-China trade sanctions and then the tariffs and now global pandemic. So once we have to have a stable environment for a year or so to figure out what the new seasonality would be with our acquisitions. Right now, it would be anybody’s guess. And whatever the seasonality would be in future right now throw that aware.
Steve Sanghi: I don’t think visibility is any better. I think visibility is very low. That’s why it’s improved from May and June, but it isn’t improved from March and April. I think March and April were very strong bookings. People had – China had just come back from Chinese New Year, and everybody was expecting a quick end to the pandemic, so there were a lot of bookings, people do want to get quite short. And the pandemic has went longer and longer and longer. And now there is no end in sight, nobody knows what’s happening. In many states, it’s reemerging. Some countries are still going higher every week. So now the customers and distributors are not giving long-term orders. It’s slightly better than it was in May and June. As I described, the bookings are higher, and we believe it may continue to improve in August and September.
Steve Sanghi: So that’s a good comparison where June quarter started up 9%, and September quarter is starting down 8%.
Steve Sanghi: And the June quarter deteriorated – I’m sorry, improved from minus 9% to minus 1.3%. And we believe that this quarter will also improve from – this quarter will go the other way, it will go from minus 8% to minus 4% that we’re guiding to.
Steve Sanghi: I think it’s all COVID-19. Customers are not sure. There is a resurgence of COVID in certain countries and certain states in the United States, customers and distributors have low backlog from their end customers and our direct customers are not really sure what the run rate would be. So we’re getting frequent orders for short-term delivery that they have the demand today, and they need to build a product to deliver to their customer, but they do not know whether that is sustainable in September, in October, in November. So we’re getting – we’re not getting as many longer-term orders to fill the pipeline. But we’re getting enough orders to have the strong billings as we go. As we saw last quarter, there was enough strength in the short-term orders that the billings were good and we ended fairly good. And for all, we know that could happen this quarter, but we can’t say with certainty today with our backlog being low compared to same point last quarter. We could get enough chance to fill the quarter, but there is lack of visibility. Therefore, we can’t guide with that certainty.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So, our automotive business is about 13%, 14% of our business and some of our competitors, it’s 40%, 45%. So, they took a much larger hit when the automotive went down. Automotive was down 40% or so in the industry last quarter. And so they are seeing a much larger recovery, our business – we’re seeing a similar recovery, but being only 13%, 14% of our business, this impact will be lower.
Steve Sanghi: So, we did better last quarter. This quarter, we’re doing worse sequentially, but if you look at year-over-year, our results are better than all of our larger competitors, TI assays and others. And as far as the question on the margin is concerned, I mean margin, there have been a lot of moving parts, internalization, more advanced stuff is technologies, some restructuring of our factories we have talked about before. So, lots of things we have brought to bear, which has been a tailwind on the margins, and this is really the best gross margin and operating margin performance of any cycle at microchip, because driven by all these self-help kind of things we have done. And when this business recovers and goes back to new record on the top line, I think you will see record growth in operating margins.
Steve Sanghi: I would say, in this kind of environment, we can barely call September, we can’t really call December. It will depend on what happens in the COVID situation, does the vaccine come out, will those fears will go away. Does everybody go back to work, all factories remain open, schools open. There is lot of ground to cover between now and October before the December quarter starts. So I would say, I’m not willing to say much about December yet.
Steve Sanghi: It’s basically there. We serve six end markets. Every end market is affected differently by COVID-19. Automotive being the worst and industrial being the next and on the other end, the best market was the data center and medical, some of the work from home computing and all that. So each market is affected very differently by COVID-19. And backlog almost by end markets, how the customers are behaving is quite different. And I think it’s really basically all driven by that. So, what we are seeing today is the bookings today are not bad to really what we need to ship this week and next week and next week. But we’re not getting – back in May and June, we were not getting enough bookings for August and September and October. So today we’re planning good booking for – in July, we got good bookings for July, August and September, but not enough yet for the next quarter. So as we proceed in the quarter, especially when we are in August and September, not only we need to get the bookings to fill the August and September that has a hole in it, we also got to get enough bookings. So on October 1, we start the next quarter correctly. And December quarter is also frontend loader, because December is a short month because of all the holidays. And it’s really just COVID-19 is controlling the people’s emotions and purchasing managers habits and everything else.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we do business with 120,000 customers and long tail. Well over 100,000 of them buy from hundreds of distributors around the world. We’re not aware of any broad based holding of inventory by our customers and our distributor inventories are still in the range of being 15-year lows. Again, 120,000 plus end customers, we’re really not able to assess the inventory situation in each one of our customers, but we have a generally good sense of the inventory in the market. We’ve done a good job of keeping our lead time short and maintaining our delivery performance at a reasonable level. If the customers were had hold their inventories in the prior quarter or so we wouldn’t be getting so many short term requests and in some cases, customers are paying, expedite charge to get those cars. And there’s no reason customers will be paying expedited charges to get the parts, if they didn’t need them for production. In many, many cases, we’re delivering right on the factory floor. They are short circuiting shipment methods and they drop it on my floor because it aligns down situation. So if anything, inventory is not high out there, inventory is low.
Steve Sanghi: So, Chris, in the June quarter, China revenue snapped back to higher level as the COVID-19 situation improved in China and business activities, supporting local consumption appear to be much more normal in China.
Steve Sanghi: So I’ll take that first part of the question. I think you may have missed the comment earlier, but I did say in my remarks that actually our inventory last quarter came down 217 days from the 120 days before. Remember, we went into the quarter guiding to be down minus 6%. So if you were down minus 6%, our inventory would have gone up, which we did not want, so we put the rotating time off in the factory, at least in the two largest fabs to really have operators take some time off. And so we did better than revenue was only being down minus 1.3% and we cut back on the production. So the combined effect of that, where the inventory actually came down. Over the 117 days inventory, we have now adjusted the factory schedule, where we’re no longer working the rotating time off in those two large fabs. There are lots of small, small plants we inherited from Microsemi around the world in Boston and Ireland and Germany and other places. Those are all small labs and each one has their own schedule. Some of them are working short weeks because demand on certain products is weak. But the big plants are no longer working short hours. And second part of your question was the Philippines. Ganesh, you want to take that one.
Steve Sanghi: These are all proprietary products. These aren’t product that you switch overnight and go between sources and all that. So, no, we don’t see any list of losing share in what’s going on. And as I said, we’re working constructively with our customers to be – to try and get the best visibility they have to us as well, and to be able to serve them in order to meet their demand requirements. And so these are short term issues caused by the demand and supply shocks in the system. I don’t expect these to be long-term issues.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. Well, thanks for the question. We ourselves do not see any threat from the proposed acquisition of Maxim by ADI. They’re both strong competitors in the analog space and we compete against both of them on a regular basis. And when they get combined – anytime an acquisition happens, we always see incremental opportunities that arise, because sometimes the customer wants to defend sources or don’t want all their business with ADI and Maxim as they become one. So some opportunities appear that we’ll be able to take advantage of it. In terms of the merger environment, it really – it looks at times that it could slowdown. And if a large acquirers are digesting at one-time look like it will be difficult to get approvals from China, but then we got a flurry of approvals. Marvell got approved, IDT got approved, the Mellanox got approved. And now it is Maxim and Cyprus got approved. So if China continues to approve these deals and there are still acquirers who are willing to acquire then the consolidation in the industry will continue. I think that’s really for sure. And the fundamental issue is, if you look at it over a long period of time, over the last 20 years, the overall growth of the semiconductor industry has been low to mid-single-digit. And that’s a tough environment to operate in. Every year, people get excited about one thing or the other, but all these various trends have come in. But a consolidated long-term, industry has struggled and anytime an industry struggles on the top line, then the stronger will acquire the weaker and consolidation will continue. So that’s really my view on consolidation. As for valuation question is concerned, I mean, look at the valuation Cyprus went for and Maxim event for – it just kind of keeps going higher and higher. And I think for most targets, the remaining targets, their stock price already reflects significant acquisition premium. But you wouldn’t convince their boards and their management that the acquisition premium is in there and that’s what drives a very, very high valuation. So that’s a problem.
Steve Sanghi: We don’t have the numeric, and I don’t think we would be willing to share it. It changes a lot week-to-week and month-to-month. And it’s a very fluid situation when you’re working with 100 of distributors and 120,000 plus customers. So we wouldn’t share that indicator.
Steve Sanghi: So there is one other indicator I wanted to give you. We hadn’t planned on it, but I think with all the questions we got in how the bookings happen in last quarter versus what’s happening in this quarter. I’m going to go on the limb and give you this number. The July bookings were 15.5% higher than the May bookings per day, every month is not the same there are some minor differences. And July bookings were 36.6% higher per day than the June booking. So you could see how last quarter bookings were decreasing in May and then really fell precipitously in June. But the bookings were very short-term oriented. So we made the quarter actually beat the guidance in the quarter last quarter, but it started this quarter in a whole, but now this quarter, July bookings were 15.5% better than May and 36.6% better than June, that’s why we had the confidence that even though we started minus 8%, we’re going to end up lot better. Hopefully that helps you a little bit. With that we will be attending a number of virtual conferences in the coming days and weeks. And so we will talk to some of you in those conferences. Thank you very much.
Eric Bjornholt: I’d have to go back in a second. I mean, our book-to-bill was like 1.17% in the March quarter. And so we entered with very strong backlog, and then we saw weak bookings and…
Eric Bjornholt: And I’m just going to add on to what Steve said there, just to confirm that the 9% that he is quoting in terms of our opening backlog entering the June quarter, that is the accurate number for comparison purposes compared to the minus 8% or down 8% heading into the September quarter.
Eric Bjornholt: Right. Just to clarify that statement. We entered the June quarter with backlog being up 9%, and it deteriorated to the point where we finished the quarter at down 1.3%.
Eric Bjornholt: The underutilization was about $13.9 million. That’s right in line with what it was and the March quarter. So flat-flat canceling.
Eric Bjornholt: So, the salary cuts when at the levels we implemented, we quantified those last quarter of being about a $21 million per quarter run rate, that’s pulled out. And Steven talked about us giving some of that back to employees this last quarter is, because the results were really quite good. Things like travel, I mean, we haven’t quantified them, but they are pretty significant. And what I would say with that is I think some of that is probably more permanent than temporary. I think as we’ve adjusted from working from home throughout the organization in the different functions, people will become very effective in doing that. And I think overall travel, although it will come back to a higher level, some of that is going to be permanent savings. So, I think we’re managing the operating expenses very tightly in the environment that we’re in. and the employees are doing a good job of managing that for the environment. but overall, we’ve taken out a lot of costs, but as the business improves, some of those costs in terms of the salary cuts and some of the bonuses returning to a higher level, those absolutely will come back to the P&L and we’ll manage that appropriately, given where top-line growth is.
Eric Bjornholt: Sure. So, we were active in the debt capital markets and in the quarter, we issued $2.2 billion of senior secured notes and paid off a bridge loan, paid off some of our converts and then used the remaining funds to pay off amounts under a line of credit. The guidance that you’ll see, in our guidance table on the press release for other expense, which is most of that is interest expense is about $78 million on a non-GAAP basis for the quarter, and that’s a pretty good run rate since all these debt transactions had occurred last quarter and are factored into that guidance. And obviously, we’re using a significant amount of the cash that we’re generating to pay down debt, everything early, beyond the dividend payment. And so Steve mentioned in his prepared remarks that in the current quarter, we expect to pay down another $300 million of debt. So, the debt is coming down nicely. We’ve done some nice things to remove some of the dilution that comes from those convertibles that we’ve retired from the structure and we’re pretty happy with the transactions that we executed built in the March quarter and the June quarter. And that ongoing run rate rates probably about $78 million and that will reduce as the interest expense comes down through debt repayments.
Eric Bjornholt: Sure. I can. So just maybe start by just reiterating that, we’re pretty proud about how the gross margins have piled up. And the last couple of years we’ve experienced the various things that China trade and now COVID. Even with our $13.9 million underutilization charge still posted 61.7% gross margin this last quarter. So there’s always things with product mix that impact gross margin utilization levels and all those things. We see pretty good stability this quarter, the midpoint of guidance, as you said, it’s flat sequentially. And we’ve given a little bit broader range of gross margin guidance than we normally do between 61.2% and 62.2%. So a percent range there, but we’ve got a pretty wide range of revenue also that we’re guiding to between flat and down 8%. So a lots of puts and takes, but we’re continuing to do all the right things to keep costs under control, bring things in-house where we can to improve the cost structure. Gross margin, I think is really kind of highlight in the cycle in terms of how well they’ve been maintained.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, so it’s 21%, 22% of our revenue shifts into China. And obviously there’s some of that that’s local consumption and some of that that comes back to the Americas or Europe for consumption, but it’s in that 21%, 22% range.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. So China was certainly stronger last quarter than we expected. But China doesn’t live in isolation. China is affected by how other parts of the world do. And so as we go into the September quarter, it is still doing well, but we anticipate that weakness in Europe, weakness in Americas would have some impact on China and that’s all baked into the guidance that we have built.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. So in my prepared remarks, I gave you some flavor of by different end markets what are we seeing in the June quarter? And I think as time goes on, some of these are going to start reverting to normal, which we think for example, data center, and work-from-home related items. You don’t need to continue to be at a high level. Once you’ve gotten past the first several months of buying what you need. And then those that were below in the initial phases like automotive and industrial should be the ones that begin to recover. We’ve already seen the automotive parts put a bottom in the June quarter and we’re expecting September to be good and we’re expecting December to be good and likewise, in some of the other segments. So, medical was another example, where some parts of medical did really well, because of COVID-related items. Other parts, the elective parts got pushed out, because people are not willing to go out of their homes. I would go set up consults for what was elective. elective will come back, you can’t push it out forever. And so that’ll be, in general, I think the places that will recur as time goes on, will be the ones that have more strength, and some of the things that are stronger could revert back to normal in the coming months.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. So we did – we are aware of the adjustments the Philippines is making. What we have not given you much color on is, at the May conference call, I mentioned that we’ve had, people who are effectively live in the Philippines factory, we’ll run our operations there for a significant portion of certainly, March and April. And at its peak, we had about 850 employees living in our factory to be able to work around the constraints. It has come down since then we still maintain a force of about 300 people that are there gives us a strategic flexibility on any short term constraints. And so we have planned for where this might go and what other actions may be taken and that we are not, unless something different happens, but what we expect is likely to happen. We feel we have the control and what we need to do while keeping Philippines running.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, as I mentioned, some of the segments that who are strong in the June quarter were driven by the work-from-home and medical type of activities, which have very short surge of demand that was required. That’s what had us running in the June quarter to try and catch up with a lot of new orders that came in as well. We are anticipating – the trends, we’re seeing is some of that surge subsides and demand begins to revert back to normal at that point in time. So in that sense, I wouldn’t call it a weak demand, but I would call it, it doesn’t have the surge that the June quarter had required as you continue to go long in time. And likewise, on the opposite side, some of the things that were really weak automotive being one example of that also begins to correct in the opposite direction when it begins to make up for some of that weakness as factories run, as demand returns and that part of business gets stronger.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, there were no issues. There was obviously administrative procedures that need to be put in place or have our partners put in place and so all of that is done and behind us.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, obviously there are some costs that are short-term cost that we have taken out. We’ve listed many of them, I commented long, long, and as the fee revenue recurring is you should expect that some of those costs will come back. And you know, historically we have been disciplined about how we bring back some of these costs as revenue returns. And you can go back and look at other cycles in terms of how the percentage of revenue we manage our operating expenses. I think, one thing which we will do different as they come out of this, also look at what did we learn out of this crisis in terms of managing more effectively from an operating expense standpoint. And there we will get into changes in methodology, Eric mentioned to you perhaps travel, not being as higher rate as they used to, switching to more virtual methods for customer training and a number of other things as well. And so we are committed to the long-term targets we have, which is to get operating expenses down into the 23% range. That’s part of our 40.5% operating margin target that we’re working towards. And every bit and every quarter we learn things we can do more effectively, where it’s in research and development, and sales and marketing or in the overall general and administrative areas that sequentially brings things a bit-by-bit downs. We have been working on the last bit of the integration for Microsemi, which is predominantly at this point, focused on the business process and IT related items. We’re about nine months away from wrapping that up as the last bits of those get done. So there’s constant part of our DNA that is working on these in all three areas and in a crisis, you take some of the best learnings and make sure you capture them when you get past the crisis.
Ganesh Moorthy: So exposure to automotive for the FPGA business is low at this point. It’s one of the things that Microchip brought to that business with our historical strengths in terms of how we take advantage of each other’s end-market strengths. So if other parts of the market that are responding, providing growth in the September quarter and even as we expect that was one large customer that created a bounce for a lower revenue in the June quarter. We don’t expect they’re going to recover in the September quarter. In spite of the fact, we expect that the other improvements we’re making in business, the more than offset for that in the September, but it’s not automotive.
