J. Eric Bjornholt: Yes. So I mean, inventory went higher in the last downturn. Then when recoveries spiked up, it went down pretty significantly from there. But this is definitely not the high we've seen in inventory. I think we were at 143 or 144 days before and we're at 137 now.
J. Eric Bjornholt: Just for clarification. So Steve's comments were that by the end of fiscal 2013, we would expect to be back at about the 60% non-GAAP gross margin range, and our long-term model of 61% hasn't changed.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So just the inventory over time is really ranged. It's had a broad range. It's been kind of low 30s to about 50 days. But if you look over the last 3 years, this is on the low end of where we've been at 35 days. So I would think that over time, distributors will do some restocking. But I don't know when that's going to happen, if that's going to be in March or quarters further out.
Steve Sanghi: It is always a combination. The downside was both weak demand as well as inventory correction, and the recovery would really have both elements in it.
Steve Sanghi: I think Monday was the first day back from Chinese New Year, so we'll really get the first data point next week after one week is over. Right now, we basically have 2 or 3 days, so I don't really think there's any data yet.
Steve Sanghi: We can't break it down by vertical. Our customer mix is much, much broader than many other people who tend to sell into large verticals. We have 30,000, 40,000 plus customers in China, so we can't really break it down by vertical. But we do know, after looking at some large customers worldwide, our automotive business was slightly up last quarter, but all the others were down. And even the automotive was driven by really a couple of customers where we had some significant design wins during the tsunami period. But otherwise, there was really a broad-based weakness. As far as China or Asia was concerned, our business was up in Asia.
Steve Sanghi: Because he was trying to triangulate the 61% means what kind of gross margin. Obviously, internally, we have a model, but it also depends on the mix of the product lines and mix of where the demand comes in. So it has lots of moving pieces. It's not going to constrain because various product lines have various different gross margins, but we have a model internally. And yes, it does tie to a revenue number.
Steve Sanghi: I think it's hard to talk about general. Some of the others, depending on what their revenue recognition is, was it the sell-in or the sell-through? And I've spoken about it in the last 2 or 3 conference calls. If the revenue recognition is sell-in, then it's happening what we told you, where the sell-in guys took a huge reduction of distribution inventory as the negative revenue. Microchip's distribution inventory went down significantly, but it doesn't affect our revenue because we are sell-through. That's why we went into this correction first, a quarter earlier than most, and we're coming out it before earlier than most. So our Asia business was up slightly while other people were down double digits because they were recognizing reduction in distribution inventory as the reduction in the revenue.
Steve Sanghi: So if you lay out a chart of Microchip's analog growth over the last few years, you will see that we'll be nearly on the top of the list of analog company growth. You can compare that to the standalone analog companies which are in the $100 million to $300 million, $400 million, $600 million range, or you can even include the companies which have large analog business as part of the other large companies. So even at our size, we have done very well in introducing very good products, being able to acquire very good analog talent, having a pretty good strategic plan and executing it to really grow market share and do substantially better than the others. As far as the M&A is concerned, we continuously look at opportunities. As you know, in the analog business, we have acquired some companies in the past. If a good opportunity were to become available, we certainly would be interested. But we are not willing to pay the kind of premiums that you have seen in some recent M&A market. That's just not our style.
Steve Sanghi: So I don't think that's a significant factor because the distribution stocking or destocking doesn't affect our revenue. We don't take that as revenue. The biggest effect, and I've seen this earlier, is because we are 100% sell-through around the world and our competitors are sell-in. So that's the largest difference. When the distributor stocks it, it makes the revenue higher. When they destocks it, it makes the other people's revenue lower. Stocking and destocking has no effect on Microchip's business. It only has the effect on the inventory. It has no effect on revenue. Our revenue is driven by demand creation and distributors selling out. Now programmability makes it easier, makes our products more desirable. It has many other positive effects on the market, but being able to see it early is probably not as much one of them.
Steve Sanghi: So I think some of the factors are obviously the factory utilization. We took a number of shutdown days last quarter because inventory levels were high and the business was weak and the distribution was destocking. So when the distribution was destocking, we were running our factories lower. But longer-term, there are a number of factors playing. So number one, the factories will go to full production as the factories ramp. That has probably the single largest effect on incremental gross margin. We're also continuing to shut off all the depreciation. So in our factories, with our business model, we use the equipment for many, many years after the equipment is fully depreciated. So that has a positive impact on gross margin. We're adding a low amount of new capital. So that, again, there's a less amount of incremental depreciation being added. And there are ongoing die shrinks as we take the products to more advanced technologies and other cost reductions and yields and all that. So those are really the main factors. The other factor is the product mix, but I think that's fairly slow moving, where you could have product lines which have better gross margin than the others. And over long term, you don't really know which one is going to grow more than the other, and they could have minor deviation in overall gross margin, the effect of those product mixes. So I think those are the number of factors which we're driving.
Steve Sanghi: We don't really have any breakout by segment -- by industry segment. So we don't really break our business internally by how much is industrial, how much is communication. In the kind of products we sell, it's exactly the same Microchip product that could go into industrial application, the same product could go into a commercial application. And same large customers may have divisions that are building industrial products and other divisions that are building commercial thermostats. And so it's impossible for us to track it. Sometimes we buy it as one-line item and use it in both, so therefore, we don't really break our business that way. We don't look at our business that way.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. Thanks for attending the call. We are heading to a conference. I think Eric Bjornholt will be at the Stifel conference coming up, and we'll see some of you on the non-deal [ph] road shows that we often go from time to time and there are some planned this quarter. So thank you very much. Bye-bye.
