Steve Sanghi: Thank you, Ganesh and good afternoon everyone. Today I would like to first reflect on the results of the fiscal first quarter of 2020. I will then provide guidance for the fiscal second quarter of 2020. Before I analyze our June quarter results, I want to remind everyone that our guidance for June quarter was provided before the ban on shipments to Huawei was announced. The midpoint of our guidance was flat sequentially, Huawei is approximately 1% to 2% of our revenue and about half the quarter was impacted.Our June quarter GAAP net sales based on selling revenue recognition was down half a percent sequentially and without the Huawei ban, it would have been slightly positive. Our end-market demand based on sell-through was 0.7% up sequentially and would have been higher without the Huawei ban. The end-market demand was stronger than sell-in revenue which is consistent with our thesis that the channel is continuing to manage their working capital conservatively by reducing inventory due to uncertainty.As we stated on our February conference call, our view that the March quarter would mark the bottom for this cycle based on end-market demand is proving to be correct. This statement is also proving to be correct for GAAP revenue after excluding the impact of the Huawei ban. So given very difficult and uncertain market conditions, we are pleased with the net sales results that we have delivered. Our consolidated non-GAAP gross margin at 62% was right at the midpoint of our guidance.Our consolidated non-GAAP operating margin of 36.2% also was at the mid-point of our guidance. The integration of Microsemi continues to proceed very nicely since the closing of the acquisition, we are continuing to see strong synergies and improvement in gross and operating margins for Microsemi products. Our consolidated non-GAAP EPS was $1.41 and exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by $0.035 per share.On non-GAAP basis, this was also our 115th consecutive profitable quarter, a tribute to the employees of Microchip including employees from all of our acquisitions for their contribution to our success. In the June quarter, we paid down $257.5 million of our debt. Our total debt payment since the end of June 2018 has been $1.414 billion. The pace of debt payments has been strong despite the weak and uncertain business conditions that we have experienced with some of the inventory correction quarters rolling-off from four quarter rolling calculations, we’re optimistic that the peak of our debt-to-EBITDA leverage is behind us and we should see meaningful continuing reductions in leverage in future periods.Now I will provide you guidance for the September quarter. While the uncertainty begin with U.S., China trade friction. The uncertainty has become global. Europe was the weakest geography for us during the June quarter. Our customers and distributors are blaming the weak business conditions in Europe to the effect of very weak exports to China as well as uncertainty due to Brexit.The largest economy in Europe, Germany is near recessionary levels with auto production down significantly. Our China business was actually up recovering from the Chinese New Year with more shipping days as we expected. While there is this continued uncertainty in Europe as well as the U.S., China trade relations given the multi-quarter inventory correction we have seen at the distributors and customers, we expect net sales for our products in the September quarter to be between flat to up 4% sequentially. We expect our non-GAAP gross margin to be between 61.8% and 62.2% of sales, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be between 25.3% and 26.3% of sales.We expect non-GAAP operating profit percentage to be between 35.5% and 36.9% of sales and we expect our non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $1.37 per share to a $1.49 per share. Given all the complications of accounting for acquisitions including amortization of intangibles, restructuring charges and an inventory write-up on acquisitions, Microchip will continue to provide guidance and track its reserves on non-GAAP basis except for net sales which will be on a GAAP basis. We believe that non-GAAP results provide for more meaningful comparison to prior quarters and we request that the analysts continue to report their non-GAAP estimates to first call. With this operator, will you please poll for questions.
Steve Sanghi: So I think it should be reasonably similar. The September quarter is usually a good quarter in Asia and that should continue Asia and China but Europe should continue to be the weakest geography and America is sort of normal.
Steve Sanghi: Well Harsh, it's always the same saga in every cycle. We usually see the cycles coming ahead of everybody else and you sort of see it ending ahead of everybody else and we get a large amount of disbelief from the audience on both sides of the cycle. So we have -- we first experience down cycle starting in about July, August last year. So we've been in it for a year and have been reducing inventory in distribution in channel, in major OEM customers and inside and after multi-quarter inventory correction, we are actually seeing the backlog is up from prior quarter and we are seeing some strength coming back.So that's really kind of what I'm reflecting while you're hitting some of the other people in the industry talking about multi-quarter inventory correction ahead of them because they either went into it much later or they continued to sort of I would say based on sell-in revenue recognition continue to have strong shipments into the channel which we did not do. So I think that's really what I'm reflecting. Other than that, I think there is a significant uncertainty in the U.S., China trade relations as well as Brexit deadline coming in three months. And I don't really know what will transpire there.
Steve Sanghi: So I think we can order that genetically because really not at this point in time breaking results out. We had guided at the end of first year of our synergy to be at the radar for $0.75 per share on an annualized basis. We can tell you that we’re ahead of it, after one year we have really exceeded those targets. And then the longer-term three years synergy targets that we had identified were $1.75 which were and you can pick the second year numbers somewhere in between $0.75 and $1.75 and the $1.75 number was consisting of three items although we didn't provide a breakdown of those three items, one was the OpEx synergy, second one was COGS synergy with bringing stuff inside and improving gross margin.And the third one was the benefit coming from sales, incremental sales growth and all that. There was actually a fourth item which was tax although we originally did not mention tax. So as we look at it about a year and a quarter after, we are head of synergy targets on the expenses, we’re ahead of our synergy targets on the COGS side and we are ahead of our synergy targets on the tax side. So three out of four are ahead and one we are behind which is that revenue largely driven by the environment that we face. So that's kind of where we are.
Steve Sanghi: I think first thing I would say is that this is a second quarter in a row where there has been a significant tweak between the time we prepared our guidance and prepared our notes for the time, we delivered our guidance and delivered our notes and quarter-ago, I said the same thing in the conference call that based on that tweet we had to nudge the middle of our guidance down. We had to do exact same thing this time where we had to nudge the middle of our guidance slightly down because of the tweet and the extra tariffs to go into effect on September 1 whether that would happen or not.I think this is a whole lot of uncertainty. Nobody really knows what would happen what not. In terms of the tariffs that Microchip pays, the effect of this additional $300 million is virtually nothing. There could be small amount of our development tools or something, we're talking thousands of dollars not millions of dollars. So that is not effect. The effect really is how will Chinese customers behave in terms of buying our products to parts which are being exported back to China. Will the customers prefer to buy it from somewhere outside of China. And if they choose a brand outside of China, does that have also other parts of designed in or it’s not. And I think it’s always some in some, in some cases we will gain business because of the outside brand, outside of China has more of products and sometimes we lose because the given brand outside of China has more of the parts from Japan or Europe or somewhere. This is very, very hard to figure out especially when you're dealing with 120,000 plus customers. So hopefully we have navigated this well in the last one year. I think when you write the history of this last one year, I'm not sure how you would conclude that we were not correct.And hopefully we have navigated it correctly and have guided you correctly and all that wisdom, we have tried to put it in our guidance. That's the best I can say.
Steve Sanghi: Okay, so you're right. We do have a pretty broad portfolio of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and other solutions. So just about all the major requirements that are standards based and even many that are proprietary based wireless solutions, we have in our portfolio. They have come through organic work and they've come through several of the acquisitions that we have done over time. So we don't have a particular glaring issue with a particular wireless requirement that we're not able to meet in the marketplace today.It doesn't mean we don't have new products, new innovations coming. Those are a normal part of doing the business itself. As far as attach rates go, we don't track as closely what is the attach rate of wireless, we think of systems, our customer systems needing to have smart connected and secure capabilities in them and we provide the building blocks of many different types of smart capabilities with our microcontrollers, processors, analog and other products many different connectivity options not just wireless, wireless and wired and we have a very leading portfolio of Wired analog of wired connectivity solutions as well. And then finally security itself. So that's how we go to market. Looking at how do we enable smart connected and secure solutions but we don't have to have a close tracking of how many of them have connected and off those that are connected how many of those are wireless and if they're wireless, what exactly is the standard that goes behind them.But we're very happy with the portfolio we have and are able to prosecute the markets and the businesses we want to be able to go after.
Steve Sanghi: So I think when we talk about pricing, I would say that the pricing has held up in this environment better than really it has held up in any business cycle before Microchip pricing in general held up in the prior business cycle also because so many of our products are proprietary but as you talk about this particular business cycle, I would say 95% of what we make today across various different business unit is proprietary where you cannot take our part out and plug somebody else's part in. So therefore we really have never competed for pricing at the buyer's desk.We often compete with pricing at the designer's desk which is usually two-years ahead of time and the part is going to go to production and whatever quotation you're making at the designer's desk, you have the time to achieve and do cross reduction or achieve the results you need to achieve when the part goes into production. Now especially in this cycle, I think it could be somewhat driven by the consolidation industry has seen, somewhat driven by the players who have been taken out where the weaker player in price management and some of them we ourselves took them out. I think a result of all that is that the pricing has held up or our record all-time high record gross margins, I believe were 62.23% that we made two or three quarters ago and the quarter we just announced that gross margins were 62.2%, that's 23 bps below the record and we're sitting at the bottom of the cycle.So I think that's good news as the cycle improves and as our factories get further full and as we complete the rest of the Microsemi integration and as we bring more of this stuff from outside to inside, the remaining stuff from Actel and some from Microsemi, it's really interesting to think about where this whole business model goes.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, the opportunity for revenue synergies a theme and some of the earliest piece of revenue synergy where we have gotten our parts around Microsemi sockets and their part around Microchip socket is kind of already beginning to happen but the starting point is lower. The whole industry has lost significant amount from the top line as a starting point.So even though we may be adding a little bit of the revenue synergy already, the total revenue is still below where we started and that's the more difficult part but the longer-term as the industry recovers from the cycle there is the funnel is very healthy. The indicator we track internally which is the number of Microchip products per customer design, extremely proprietary indicator is continuing to increase and as the baseline business goes up, I think this should be working pretty well. So no we have not lowered the long-term target at all.
Steve Sanghi: So that variable debt was $1.414 billion higher a year ago. Everything we have paid has been variable so far. So that's what we have paid down in the last year.
Steve Sanghi: So I think John very, very good question. We always try to figure out the same pain. However seasonality is very hard to measure. Number one with all the acquisitions that keep changing the seasonality because different acquired businesses work differently but also in the current environment with trade tensions and general economic conditions, the variability on the business caused by the U.S., China trade friction and general economic conditions is much larger than any impact of seasonality.So we can't really compare this to any kind of seasonality. Seasonality is also driven by kind of how somebody was measuring the revenue. Historically, we measure the business based on sell-through revenue recognition and now based on the GAAP standard, we're having to report the numbers based on sell-in and sell-in and sell-through work differently. We have much more cycles learning on a sell-through revenue recognition on seasonality than we have on sell-in. So I think with changing revenue recognition totally different seasonality for Microsemi business with defense and aerospace and FPGA in discrete parts and uncertainty of China, U.S., Brexit and general economic conditions. I think this one remains a very, very good question with no real answer today.
Steve Sanghi: That suddenly becomes a risk factor, if Chinese were to think that designing parts from suppliers outside the U.S. is safe for although they have similarly strange relationships with Japan. I'm not sure they like those people either. The other thing is you have to look at the complexity of the products, so commodity products probably would be more subject to risk than many of our advanced products in their datacenter business, communication business, FPGA, 32-bit microcontrollers, networking products, USB, Ethernet, automotive and others where some of the commodity products will be more vulnerable.So but I think what is happening right now is that we’re seeing a large number of customers starting to move their production outside of China, they’re going to Malaysia, they're going to Thailand, they’re going to Vietnam, they're going wherever some may come to Mexico. So I think we're likely to pick up share in that part of the business that moves outside of China because in the local competition kind of disappears, they largely sell in China and many times passing out a very high quality and they maybe okay for the local Chinese market but naturally okay internationally. So there could be some longer-term impact from that but I think it's largely going to be a wash. Every decade or so another country appears that seems to threaten the world back in the 1980s and Japan was going to take everything and U.S. semiconductor industry was going to die in the 1990s, it was Korea then, then it was Japan, Taiwan and now seems to be China. I think this industry is still pretty innovative and it will survive in the world.
Steve Sanghi: Well we haven't hit it yet, once we hit it then we'll take a look at it. But yes as I mentioned earlier that the gross margins we have today are I think 600 basis points or so better than in the bottom of the last cycle. So there is a significant accretion usually from the bottom of the cycle to the top of the cycle. So there's a significant opportunity here. Not willing to talk about another target yet but I think your question is a good one.
Steve Sanghi: Let me add to it, Raj you begin with talking about inventory correction in the China automotive. I don't know if that is the case. I don’t think we have seen an inventory issue in China automotive that inventory needed to be blown out. We have seen a reduction in demand driven by just duties and problems in China economy therefore lot of the luxury car manufacturers are building much, much less. So we have seen demand disruption. I don't really think there was at least from a Microchip standpoint, there was not a high inventory in China automotive.
Steve Sanghi: With respect to your question on industrial, I think industrial weakness is not limited to just China alone. I think industrial in Europe, in the Americas, in China across the board has seen weakness. I think you've seen that in some of our competitors releases as well. Some of it has been initiated from the trade and tariffs and impact from about a year ago. But industrial remains a weak segment.
Steve Sanghi: So yes the technology did come from Microsemi, it was being incubated inside Microsemi. I think what Microchip has been able to do is use our automotive strength where we have substantial market position with automotive Tier 1s and OEMs to liberate what was a technology that was starting to come into fruition inside Microsemi but didn't have as much customer access and that's what we have done over the last year, it has been able to take that technology showcase it, demonstrate it and also internally work on what does it take to be automotive ready, what does it take to be qualified for automotive and dock workers for what we could bring to the Microsemi businesses that we're working on silicon carbide.I think from a revenue standpoint this is in a market where predominantly automotive has a large demand requirements that we believe will show up in time, it is an area that requires time to win designs, ramp into production, so it's not near-term revenue but it's sowing the seeds for mid to long-term revenue.
Steve Sanghi: I would say our direct business by channel is by geography is really no different than our distribution business by geography. Europe was weak and China saw recovery from the Chinese New Year and America was somewhere in the middle. So I don't think the customers will buy from distribution have behaved any differently than the customers who buy from us direct.
Steve Sanghi: So one thing you have to remember is that Microchip does business with a long tail of the customer, average customer is relatively small. And when they're small, they usually underfunded with very not as healthy balance sheet. So we have not really seen this pulling phenomena as much as we read and listen to other people's commentary. If you saw little bit from the larger customers, it was kind of last year. I think that has kind of run its course. Every two, three months the rules are changing. You have an equal amount of risk by bringing lot of buying it ahead and then have tariffs shortly go away. There is a settlement then you get stuck with a large amount of inventory that you have paid lower amount of tariff on that you can get it back from your customers.Let me say that one more time to explain. Let's say tariff on a given amount of product is supposed to go from 10% to 25%. To avoid that to bring in a lot of inventory at 10% tariff and then it results into a settlement with a tariff go to zero. Now the large amount of inventory you brought at a 10% tariff, you cannot recover those 10% tariff. None of your customers will pay for it because the current rules of tariffs are zero. So this is an equal risk reward game. And some people may have done push pull but I don't think it has affected our revenue at all.
Steve Sanghi: We are, I mean I think the last time we measured was about a quarter or so ago leading up to some of the conferences we go in September, we will try to add another data point on it. I don't have the number right now but I think with all we see through the reviews, our total system solution trust with more and more of Microsemi businesses integrated with Microchips that only get stronger not weaker. So I think yes, we will be seeing that kind of content growth. But remember the base water level has gone down.So when the base water level has gone down on Microsemi business as well as Microchip business because of those uncertainty, the goodness you're getting through total system solutions is not showing up. It's very hard to measure because that should be accelerating our growth. And so far it is not because we're fighting the downturn. But the indicator looks very healthy when we look at it.
Steve Sanghi: I would add that if, yes this is Steve. If we hadn't beaten the OpEx in the last four quarters, you wouldn't see this as much of an increase but we got the OpEx synergies very aggressively early on, that has established lower mark and some of the investments we delayed and now we're having to make those investments, a number of very advanced technology tape-outs in the coming quarters. And that those tape-outs are very expensive and I think that's leading to some of the increase quarter-over-quarter. But I think the main issue is that we got the OpEx synergy much faster and not having to make some investments.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. Thank you very much everybody attending this call. I think I like to reemphasize that we've been providing good guidance and managing this business through very turbulent times. We in fact started talking about these tariffs and all that before anybody else. Last year and I think our guidance has been kind of right on.We guided March quarter to be the bottom and I think we have largely delivered that without the Huawei ban we would have delivered that both on end-market demand as well as sell-in. Current quarter we're guiding up a little bit 2% up on the midpoint and we'll go from there. We'll see you at some of the conferences coming up in early September.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So this is Eric Bjornholt. So if you look at the last 10 years, our distribution inventory days have ranged between 27 and 47. You have 32 days that's the lowest that we've definitely seen in several years. And we don't really think that it's going to go much lower than this. So I think it's probably relatively stable here. But our distributors are definitely managing their working capital requirements given the uncertainty of the environment and last quarter we had made similar commentary that we didn't think it would go much lower and it went down by about three days. But we think this is likely to bottom. But it could fluctuate by a day or two in either direction. That's definitely possible.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. That's a good question. So there's no reclassification that's occurring this quarter. That was something that we did as part of our year-end process in March. So this is really just based on the shipment linearity in the quarter one quarter the next that drove that to be a little bit higher and we would expect that to really kind of correct itself over time and kind of be more in line with what the revenue curve is going to be in the future. So hopefully that answers your question but there's nothing unusual going on in receivables, there's no receivables are in good shape and won't have any significant bad debts or anything like that. So all that should come to cash year over time.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So we were in last fiscal year, fiscal 2019 we were putting capital in place at least early in the year for an expansion environment which didn't come to fruition. So we're very well positioned from a CapEx perspective of what's in place. We've reduced the CapEx in the current year by about $20 million from when we last talked to the Street and just managing the business appropriately in that environment. So we tend to go through peaks and valleys in CapEx but I'd say over time you should expect CapEx to be in the range of 3% to 4% of sales.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So we'll take it one at a time. So on the gross margin side, we did have underutilization charge again this quarter, it was pretty much in line with what it was in the previous quarter it was $7.3 million, I think that's up 200K quarter-on-quarter. We're running our factories kind of at an attrition level in most cases at this point in time, so production has been coming down or inventory is higher than kind of our normal operating levels of 115 to 120.And at this point in the cycle that is not unusual but overtime we do want to bring that inventory balance down. So that's really hit on gross margin. On OpEx, you're right we are guiding to an increase and we've managed operating expenses very tightly really since the September 2018 quarter and have really kind of beaten our guidance on OpEx in September, December and March quite significantly and came in kind of at the target in the current quarter and running the business conservatively but there are investments that we feel we need to continue to make in this business to drive the ongoing health of our business and future growth opportunities.So we view that change is relatively small in the current quarter as a percentage of revenue, it is targeted to be flat at the midpoint of guidance at 25.8%.
Eric Bjornholt: It's not that easy to answer, it’s not only a function of what is it that we're allowed to ship but what is it that Huawei is able to use. And that is changing day by day as they get inputs from their various suppliers of what they can and cannot ship as well. So what we have built in is less than what a full board would be for a quarter. But it's a conservative estimate that we have put in with our best judgment of what we think Huawei is likely to take. And that changes day to day as we go along.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. And then on the security matter, I mean we kind of fully disclosed this in our 10-K which was filed in late May that we had a security incident that we are in the process of remediating and it did cause a weakness in our internal controls. So we are working hard on remediating that issue and that that's really what those costs are associated that we are excluding from the non-GAAP results.
Eric Bjornholt: So I think automotive in China continues to have pretty significant year-over-year declines. I think what we may have seen and maybe the data you saw was in the month of June, there were stronger sales that took place in part that was driven because there was emissions change that was happening on July 1 and cars that were sold before the end of June qualified under the old requirements and then the new requirements went into being. So I don't believe that fundamentally the China automotive market has strengthened in any recent timeframe. It will obviously has more probability to bottom and go up given how far it's come down but I wouldn't say there's anything in the short term that has shown up in China automotive.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, I think that's absolutely right. So we’re essentially driving OpEx to be flat and percentage of sales in the current quarter and I talked a little bit in my first response to the question that we drove OpEx down very, very significantly over the last four quarters and we do have some investments that are needed to be made in the business and we're making those, we consider those modest but absolutely believe as we get some consistent revenue growth behind us that the OpEx as a percentage of sales are going to go down as we work towards our long-term target of 22.5%.And we will get some dollar savings as Ganesh was referring to as we continue to go through these business integrations over the course of the next year.
Eric Bjornholt: We don't breakout by product line segments on our forward-looking guidance. So I would just look at the forward-looking guidance to 2% midpoint as for the company overall.
Eric Bjornholt: Maybe even before that. So next week we’ll be at the KeyBanc Conference, we’re at Jefferies Conference, we’re at the Citi Conference in September and in Raymond James conference. So four conferences and a couple of other investor outings this quarter.
