Eric Bjornholt: Sure. So we have been working on an employee attrition basis in our three large fabs, and through the December quarter, that did not put us in a situation where we were taking underutilization charges from those three fabs. That will change this quarter as we have continued to attrit. And as Ganesh kind of walked through, we've got two-week shutdowns scheduled in all three of those large factories. So, we aren't going to break out a utilization percentage, but underutilization is absolutely impacting our business, our gross margins in the current quarter. And on top of that, with the change that we've seen in demand and inventory still being high. We have been taking relatively large charges for inventory reserves based on our accounting policies that we have in place. And all those things are really factored into the margin guidance that we've given to the Street.
Eric Bjornholt: Right. I would say, as we kind of talked about customers and distributors are feeling like they have excess inventory. And with that, if they have backlog in place for those products, they are either not placing backlog. But if they have backlog in place, they're looking to see if there's an ability for them to at least push that out. So, we're having those ongoing discussions and I'd say that they're still at a relatively high rating.
Eric Bjornholt: Maybe just one thing. I think, Chris, maybe what you were getting at is when we have product that is staged in die bank, so it's through the wafer fab that, in many cases, we can turn that through assembly and test in the four to six weeks that you're talking about. And so if that's the case, if it's in die bank, that would be the case. But we've got finished goods today. we're staging the products that are high runners and die bank or lead-times are quite short across the board.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. So, I would say the biggest change quarter-to-quarter is going to be in the factory utilization, and that's a combination of the continued attrition and lower production rates on a steady-state weekly basis, and then we're having these two weeks shutdown on top of that. And what we're having time off and some of our back-end factories too, which is larger than the previous quarter. So, all those things impacted, I'd say, the inventory reserve piece is a part of it, but we had relatively significant charges last quarter on that, and I wouldn't expect those to be significantly more this quarter. They'll probably be larger, but the biggest piece is going to be what we're doing on utilization.
Eric Bjornholt: So I'll start and Ganesh or Steve can add to this. I think it is unknown at this point in time, right? We have limited backlog visibility as we look out in time, which you're asking about beyond this quarter, lead times are really short and customers are sitting on a certain level of inventory beyond what they think is necessary for their business today. So until we start getting short-term orders at our lead times and we see that backlog start to build. It's hard for us to really imagine what it's going to do. As Ganesh said before, clearly in this quarter with our revenue guidance, we are shipping below what the end consumption for our products are, and we think that's relatively material. But giving you any guidance in terms of what the slope of the recovery is, I think, it's hard for us to do at this point.
Eric Bjornholt: So, our capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 we laid out for you, and that's $300 million to $310 million. We have not given a number for next fiscal year. I expect it to be lower than that. We've actually taken in quite a bit of equipment this year that we have not essentially released and placed in service for production purposes. So, we've got capital that's paid for and at our facilities that we can deploy as the market returns to a more normalized level, and we need that capacity, but I expect CapEx to be quite low in our fiscal year 2025.
Eric Bjornholt: So, we didn't say it was all of it. There's a large portion of the change that is utilization driven. There's always product mix and inventory reserves and other things that impact that. I think it will be probably difficult for capacity utilization to increase in the June quarter just because we are running on an attrition basis, and that is continuing each week as some people leave, and then it just takes a while to ramp that back up even if the market dynamics are better. And so that's something that we'll watch very closely and make sure that we're making the appropriate investments in people, but it tends to be like moving a battleship on the ocean, it turns relatively slow.
Eric Bjornholt: So, maybe I'll start. So I mean, we actually have a very healthy cash return this quarter, right? We increased from 77.5% to 82.5%. The adjusted free cash flow in the December quarter was quite high. And even though the dividend is going up again, we are going to have kind of record share buyback in the quarter based on that formula that you spoke to. So, we think it's appropriate. We're glad that we're going to be buying back a bunch of shares this quarter. Steve, Ganesh can give commentary if the Board would think of doing anything different, but I think that program is kind of in place as it is. And if the market changed and the stock price decline significantly, it would be a discussion with the Board.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. So our three large wafer fabs will even without the shutdowns, with the attrition that we've had, be running below what we would call normal utilization. And so these two-week shutdowns will be period costs in the quarter and not capitalized to inventory. Now we are running at lower utilization rates than we were at the peak. So the costs that are being capitalized to inventory on a per unit basis are higher than what they were when we were running at full board. But I think that answers your question. Essentially, the two-week shutdowns will be an impact to the current period and not capitalized into inventory.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So, with PSP, those were not typically customer paying cash in advance for any of that. We have certain long-term supply agreements and those had a cash prepayment element to them. Those are still in place. Those aren't - there's nothing that's happening with those programs related to the cancellation of PSP. So, those programs are still in place, and those tend to be three to five-year agreements, most of them five-year agreements, and those will just kind of run out over time. In some cases where customers' demand is not as strong as originally anticipated. We work with them to find a mutually workable answer on that, maybe to extend the program longer, they can add something else into the program for their volume commitments. But we're not looking to penalize customers with that program. And then on the supplier side, we have had certain prepayments that are made and contractual obligations that we have. That's the same thing there. It's a negotiation with our suppliers, and they're working with us, and I don't see that there's any significant financial disadvantage to us coming from those. But in some cases, we have taken on more inventory, maybe raw materials than what we would have otherwise.
Eric Bjornholt: And I believe the end market data that was posted on our website still references last full fiscal year, and that hasn't been updated. That's a process that we do once a year. So we'll take a look at the slide to make sure it's not confusing, but that's what I believe to be the case.
Ganesh Moorthy: We don't have a numerical tracking process. We still have customers that have asked for help. We have done a lot of that and built it into what we have into our guidance. I don't know if you have a better view, Eric, on cancellation rates.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. All the revenue declines are really volume declines and not pricing related. Pricing is stable. It is not contributing to the revenue change that is in our guidance. Our business is one which is based on design-ins that are done one, two, three years before and production that takes place for many, many years. it's not an easy substitution that takes place on short-term price adjustments, et cetera. Clearly, at the point of where new designs are taking place, we will be price competitive to what the new design requires. But today's revenue adjustments downward are not happening because of price. Price is stable.
Ganesh Moorthy: As you said, inventory in some cases is obscure to us, we have to estimate based on where customers are placing orders, what kind of feedback they're giving us. We know we're going to be substantially under shipping to where consumption is going to be. But it's very hard to put a number on what that is and how much of the inventory has been taken out. And as I said, in some cases, it is multiple layers of inventory and especially as people are getting to that point where they are less willing to carry inventory, perhaps even take it to the low end of what they might historically do, because supply is plentiful. Not all of this is just inventory reduction as you would normally expect. But it is going to be at multiple levels to our customers, to their customers and in some cases, if they have an OEM that goes to the OEM there as well. So we don't have a good way to put a number on what you're asking for.
Ganesh Moorthy: Well, there's nothing typical about this downturn. And I don't think that is a good comparison to history. You could say in magnitude, it is on the order of what we've seen in the global financial crisis. I think we were down 36% or so at that point in time. We have very limited visibility in today's market conditions. And so it's difficult to say where exactly this is and as I mentioned, we believe we are significantly under shipping to end demand, but we're unable to provide any kind of forecast or guidance beyond this quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Chris, let me just define two terms and then we'll walk through it. So cycle time is the time it takes from when you begin with raw material and get to finished goods. That cycle time for semiconductors, depending on which product and what process can be anywhere from three to five months, sometimes longer, depending on the specialty. So that's the typical production cycle time. We have always been able to manage lead times, which we define as from a when a customer places an order on us, when can we ship the product to them to be a lot shorter than that. And historically pre-pandemic. That was four to eight weeks was not an unusual number for 80%, 90% of our line items. Where we have come back to is where those lead-times are on average where a customer places an order they can get in less than eight weeks. And in some cases, if we have it in finished goods, they can get it much sooner than that as well. So, I don't have a good view of when do lead-times go back out. And I'm not sure that's a good thing. I think we have to, obviously, work to manage the supply and demand consistent with where demand is going. But for years, we ran in that four to eight weeks as a reasonably stable lead-time outside of any major increases or decreases in demand in the marketplace. And right now, we think we're going to be at low lead-times for quite some time. We have inventory that is high, and we'll be growing into the March quarter. And we're going to position that inventory to be able to take advantage of orders that come in with short cycles because visibility is low, and we need to be able to position and take that as quickly as it comes in. So all of our systems are geared towards having shorter lead-times and being able to take orders of the - that are placed with short lead-times, as quickly as we can.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think the recovery has many components to it, right? One is just if you assume business is flat and as the inventory drains, people will, at some point, just have to order enough to get back to flat consumption. Then there is also what does the macro do and what happens in actual consumption over time. And that depends on many things, where is GDP at, what our interest rate is doing, et cetera. And I think those are all variables, which you can't, at least we're not able to plug in and say, this is out the next three, four quarters, the shape of the recovery will look. And we don't have the visibility and backlog to give us any insight into that today.
Ganesh Moorthy: I have not been able to speak to the entire Microchip community until I do that on Monday morning. I did write them all a message today after the market closed and before this call to let them know what we were doing. So those are details that I would prefer to first speak to our employees and give them all of that. But this is not new to us. We have done this multiple times. Our culture allows people to understand how shared sacrifice and shared rewards go hand in hand and how that creates excellent outcomes for the company and for the individuals in the process of doing that. And so I'm confident that our team, especially the team that has been through many cycles with us. We'll see it, will help us with it and pull everybody else along as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think the shutdowns that we communicated based on the days of inventory that we closed December and what we have indicated are going to be at the end of March are required steps we need to take. Those are not necessarily trying to provide an indication of where the June business is going to be at. Vivek, the real answer is I don't know. And I think the world is not falling apart. So, we know that consumption is taking place. We know that inventory needs to drain. We're trying to gauge between the environment in the market, the inventory at multiple levels and how all that will drain. We know this business will come back, right? It has - and every previous cycle done that. But I think what you're asking for is a level of precision, which we don't have any empirical data to be able to say, yes, this is what's going to happen and when.
Ganesh Moorthy: Again, there are many people that fit into what you described. I'll describe our strategy, which is we run inside of Microchip the products that we know how to run cost effectively and consistently within our manufacturing footprint. That includes both our front end as well as our back end. We have grown that front-end footprint over time, but also our foundry products have grown over time. And that balance has been roughly 40% plus or minus internal, 60% external. We don't try to guide where that percentage needs to go. The market demand drives is it higher or lower from there. But we know what products and technologies make sense within our footprint and what makes sense to drive with our partners. And that's the way we think about it. And in the aggregate, barring any near-term changes like we've had last quarter and this quarter, it's been a very successful strategy in terms of how gross margins over time have accreted and how over many cycles, we've got higher highs and higher lows. So, we're very happy with the strategy we have, and I leave others with their strategy to speak for themselves.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a great question. Although the PSP program was aimed at discouraging speculative demand by making orders NCNR and then giving us confidence to make investments on it. I think there was a combination of very strong OEM market demand, our customers and their customers and what they were seeing. They were persistent shortages over a long period of time and very long lead times. And I think when you put all that together, OEM customers ended up placing more backlog because they believe their business was a lot stronger than they thought, and they were trying to place orders for a lot longer than they normally would in that. So that's the way it, in our perspective, played out. How it did phenomenally for them in the 2021, 2022 time frame where those that were in the program, we're able to keep their business going, take market share away and driving. But at the end of the day, the longer lead times get the further out someone is trying to predict where their business is going to be. And I think that's the issue at some point in time is you don't know what your demand is with any kind of high confidence one year or 18 months out, that people were placing those orders as non-cancelable, thinking that the demand was strong and assuming that the risk was a good risk for them to take.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. I would say if you look at our aerospace and defense market, there are strengths in those. The commercial aviation remains strong. The defense remains strong. Space has always been very lumpy in where it's at. Our portion of the data center, which is around AI platforms, those are doing extremely well. It's not big enough to move the Microchip needle overall, but it's certainly a pocket of strength that we see as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. In terms of end markets, as I mentioned, it's weak across the board. We don't track at a quarterly level kind of how they're all moving. But we have enough anecdotal data. I think we were among the earliest people as early as two or three quarters ago saying automotive is starting to weaken and roll over and industrial did and data center had been. So we have seen this for some time. And at this point in time, I would say that they're all week. There might be individual customers who are stronger or weaker than what – on average that we see but nothing to write home about, other than the two exceptions I spoke about, which is aerospace and defense is still holding up. And our portion of the AI servers that we provide solutions to.
Ganesh Moorthy: Vijay, here's how I would think about it from a - how are we positioned for growth from our capacity. Our initial response as this thing changes is going to be utilizing the inventory that we have built and being able to ship using the inventory we have. Our next response will be around getting our factories to more full utilization. We are underutilizing them at this point in time. Our third response would be taking equipment that we have already ordered and received which we will begin to place into production. And then finally, into adding more equipment or bottleneck equipment as the case might be. So, we believe we have plenty of firepower for being able to respond to an up cycle through a combination of those four things.
Ganesh Moorthy: If I had a better picture on the demand environment, I could give you a better answer. So, what we're doing is we're taking action on the things we can control, which is our internal capacity, and those are the shutdown days, the lowering of the utilization factors and all that other stuff that we're doing. And that is all in anticipation that at some point, the market will return, and it will reverse cycle at that point in time, first, by us producing less, which we're taking steps for; and second, by the market consuming more, which is what is unknown.
Ganesh Moorthy: Perhaps. And I think, again, in retrospect, as a Monday morning quarterback, I know exactly what I would have done. But we were under for many, many, many quarters and even as recently as last March and June quarters, there were CEO-level calls that we're pushing and driving for getting more product than we had. If you remember, we would provide the statistic about how much of unsupported, which is what customers wanted and we couldn't ship was there. So in the throes of all of that, where there parts of it where perhaps we should have taken our foot off the accelerator perhaps. But it isn't something that was now able as we went through it. And if we ever were to do a PSP program again, those are some lessons learned we'll take, and we'll look at how would we adjust the program so that the intended outcomes are available and as many of the unintended outcomes are avoided.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a balanced decision that we had to think through and make. But as inventories climbed, there is a point at which the pain gets high enough. And as we looked at that, we felt on balance and we don't know what other supply-demand dynamics may take place. But on balance, this is a way in which we could navigate to different scenarios that might play themselves out. And in the meanwhile, the inventory is high enough that we're comfortable that if the recovery would accelerate, we're in a good place. And we are - if the recovery were something different, that were ahead of us and we have options on what we can do in the June quarter. But right now, we need to prepare for where March and June to the best of our ability to call it is going to be, and that includes be running at a lower utilization and taking a two-week shutdown in the - in our fabs in each of the two quarters.
Ganesh Moorthy: For the last many quarters, we've been steady as she goes. I think having a program that doesn't try to have quarter-to-quarter major variations has been a way in which to establish consistency of the capital return program. And I think Steve and myself and the rest of the Board see that as a way that we should continue with this thing.
Ganesh Moorthy: The backlog has been shrinking for some time. And really, what we're telling customers is that no more orders get accepted that our PSP orders, and customers have seen that lead times are short, capacity is available. As I said, the premise of why we kicked it off no longer exists. And, therefore, it will come to a natural end here fairly quickly, and we just stopped taking more orders that anyone may – if they didn't already understand, replacing as PSP.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. No, thank you. So, design activity, as I said in my prepared remarks, is at very high levels. And I think it is because for a number of reasons, customers were in triage for some time as they were dealing with shortages. And as all that went behind, they went back to focusing on innovation. Our products and technologies are enabling innovation in many new fields. And so by many measures, both what we measure internally in terms of design wins and design funnel and all that and what some of our partners who are more design and focused particularly, the catalog distributors are a good example where much of the seeding activity that takes place are also seeing very high levels of that. So, I think the innovation machine is strong. And the inventory correction will pass and go and ultimately, the long-term growth of the business, as you noted, will come from how this innovation plays out and how the overall role content that semiconductors will play in that innovation being delivered on end products.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think they're all weak. I don't have a numerical way to give you. I can tell you that China, for example, has been weak for an extended period of time. So going back all the way to 2022 when they had the shutdowns, and it really hasn't recovered from there. But I think we've seen weakness in all geographies and pretty much all end markets with the exception of the aerospace and defense and a bit of the data center that was all AI focused. 
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. I want to thank everyone for taking the time to be on this call and all of your questions. We look forward to having further discussions during some of the conferences coming up this year. And on that note, we are closing this call.
