Stephen Sanghi: So, definitely, we are leaving out some revenue due to supply constraints in the September quarter. We cannot really dollarize that number, because we don't really know what other additional customer demand will come in for the fiscal quarter 2, and what product mix that demand will come in. In fact, I mentioned that, we posted a Dear Customer letter on our website today, and this letter will start going out to our customers immediately and, hopefully, we will have a much better idea of the supply constraints in the coming weeks. At the same time, we're also working actually quite hard to improve the supply in expediting equipment from our vendors. So an accurate estimate would be difficult on a short-term basis, but we are definitely leaving out some revenue on the table. The obvious question can be that are we losing any designs or market share because of that? Our microcontroller revenue in the June quarter was up 14.5% versus a year-ago quarter. As you know, from really any market growth numbers, that far exceeds any market data for growth of microcontrollers. So, overall, we're gaining market share and actually gaining substantial market share. The products that we have constraints on are very special products with unique features and very high growth. The products were actually -- these products are killing the competition. The new designs will be in production in about a year or longer for anybody who's thinking or doing a new design with these products. So, short-term constraints, I don't think, are going to impact design wins because our customers know our track record for the last 25 years, and these are shorter-term problems that we will solve them quickly.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, so, as I mentioned, the inventory this quarter actually will decline further. So we're actually taking inventory from the balance sheet and asking -- adding to your cost of goods sold. So, I would say that core Microchip margins are in the same range where they were last quarter, plus some or minus some, but usually on the good side. And then they are somewhat negatively impacted by integrating a 45% margin on about $18 million sales from ISSC. And there is Supertex effect also because their margin is at 54.5% and also slightly lower than Microchip, but they were in the numbers last quarter also, and we are also picking up a fair amount of old inventory from Supertex that we're shipping now because of first in, first out. So there are a large number of moving products, but overall margin is in excellent shape.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, it's predominantly fab and test. There is assembly also, but there are few challenges, but it's -- the majority of that is really the fab and test. Test in 2 places, wafer test as well as final test.
Stephen Sanghi: We are not focused on our competitors. We're focused on our customers. I don't really know what competitors are experiencing. I mean, our growth rate is just phenomenal. Some of the numbers I have seen on microcontroller growth rates and analog growth rates from some of the competitors we have announced in the earnings season, and sometimes you have to look at the numbers in a rolling 4 quarter cumulative over the similar 4 quarters prior because a single quarter can play games. Everybody has different seasonality. When you're shipping from -- when you're building product and shipping from inventory, it's the totality of it that counts. So, our numbers are, so far, above the competition. And I think the average, when I did the chart yesterday, that 4 quarter over prior 4 quarter comparison, and the average of that was about 4.5%. And the number for Microchip is 15.2. So, we're doing phenomenal on our products, in our growth, in microcontroller, in analog, and that was not expected a year ago that we'll have those kind of growth rates. And as a result, with long lead times on equipment, we're having some capacity challenges.
Stephen Sanghi: So, I think you can calculate that in dollars, but the ISSC's current model is 45% gross margin, 26% expenses, 19% operating profit. That's what they're doing standalone. And you can kind of do the math on it, and we will improve it substantially on our clock, but always take some time.
Stephen Sanghi: No, we did outstanding. We did a revenue guidance. We did our internal gross margin. We did very well in managing expenses, and accretion was 30% better than what we guided, $0.013 versus $0.01. So you have to divide that by Microchip's 223 million shares, so the numbers become miniscule. But standalone, we did very well on what we set out to do.
Stephen Sanghi: To add a little bit in the medical field for what Ganesh said, kind of how broadly our products go into automotive, and we're not really focused on really designing one product, if you go buy today an S-Class Mercedes, you'll be buying 51 chips from Microchip. I think there are about 30 or so microcontroller. There are some analog products and there are some others. If you buy a Hyundai Genesis...
Stephen Sanghi: 54 different chips from Microchip all over the car. So those are a couple of representative examples where we're not trying to win this by having one part that goes into the car. We are trying to win it by having 30, 40 chips on the car from up and down the car in all different applications. In each of those applications be -- our part be the main part.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, let me make an attempt on it. The conventional wisdom has been that 8-bit microcontroller is declining, and all the customers want is really to convert to 32-bit microcontrollers. And you have heard us over the years, we have disagreed with that conventional wisdom for many years. Our 8-bit as well as our 16-bit microcontroller businesses have performed extremely well, in addition to our 32-bit microcontroller, and Ganesh talked about all of them. In fact all 3 microcontroller types, 8-, 16-, and 32-bit, made new records in the quarter. Now the growth here now in 16- and 32-bit microcontroller has been very good and a lot more predictable. We plan for those kind of high numbers, and we're achieving it. I think the surprise was in the 8-bit because kind of nobody gives it the credit. When we talk to the street, analysts and investors, they're all interested asking about 32-bit. We introduced a significant number of new 8-bit products, including a new very high-efficiency 8-bit core and the entire family of products based on that core that can use C programming language, like the higher end 16- and 32-bit microcontrollers. We also introduced a category of core independent peripherals that allow our customers to run the peripheral functions without the microcontroller core engine running or without consuming the CPU power. These have allowed our customers to expand the use of 8-bit microcontrollers dramatically, and the demand for many of these products have really exploded. These products are built on our latest process technology, proprietary technology that we run in our Gresham fab. So the demand for this process technology is growing at a rate of 15% to 20% per quarter, starting from a fairly large base. The success of these and other 8-bit microcontroller products is unprecedented -- it's unprecedented even measuring at a very successful microcontroller track record, even against that very successful track record at Microchip. We're also seeing that the entire competitive threat of trying to insert the M0 Cortex 32-bit ARM core into the 8-bit microcontroller socket really has petered out. These products had 32-bit engine, but otherwise no peripherals or features. They were largely bait-and-switch kind of products, and customers have seen the hollow offering. The result is that our 8-bit microcontroller business is extremely strong, making new records, and currently capacity constrained, but hopefully not for very long because we're growing capacity rapidly.
Stephen Sanghi: Every acquisition modifies it a little bit. These acquisitions are not extremely large, but ISSC is very consumer-ish, and it will change the seasonality a little bit. Supertex does not change it as much. They're kind of similar to ours, much more industrial. SMSC did change the seasonality a little bit. They were a little more on PCs than we were. Yes, so these all have impacts.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, so, these -- many of the products that are growing 15% to 20% sequentially are built on our latest advanced technology, so you can't really use the older capacity for these, and we have to add new capacity. Within the products itself, obviously, we're changing mix to build the products, which are stronger, but I think they're all largely doing very well. We're constrained overall on the products on their technology. So even after changing the mix within, the entire number of wafers, we got to run on that technology are 20%, 30% higher than really what I can run today. And we just made an increase just this last month. There is another one happening on August 1, which is tomorrow. We increase the wafer starts. There's another one scheduled for October 1, another one scheduled for January 1. So we are bringing this new equipment, adding it and some of that has been in the works for months, if not quarters, and we've been constantly adding, and we keep thinking that demand will moderate. But from a fairly large base, the demand has continued, which is really the strength of the products. I mean, everybody bad mouths 8-bit, and competitors have backed off, and everybody wants to sell a Cortex core. We defied that conventional wisdom. We were right. We are so successful at that. 8-bit is adding the largest dollar revenue in growth. And we're the only man standing almost.
Stephen Sanghi: We have seen the same thing on 32-bit. 32-bit did very well last quarter. But if you look at the quarter before, 32-bit had a very low single-digit growth. So these smaller product lines, 16, 32, although they're fairly sizable, their growth rate doesn't seem to match the corporate and the seasonality. Overall, both are doing very well year-over-year, but quarters are uncertain. So on 16-bit, our current quarter backlog is up by double digit. I'm not saying it will end there, but I think it will end very well.
Stephen Sanghi: So, the letter we posted today, it says our lead times are from 6 weeks to 18 weeks plus. And Microchip sells over 100,000 SKUs, so it's really kind of all over the place. Anytime people want a headline number, our lead times are x weeks. There's really no such thing. When you have 100,000 SKUs, there are parts that you can get off the shelf because in any mix situation, there's always some parts available. But in any reasonable volume, we can do it in as little as 6 weeks, and many of them are 18 weeks plus. But these constraints are fairly significant, I would say.
Stephen Sanghi: The supply-demand balances are hard to predict. I know what additional supply we're bringing in because we know the wafer start ramp and similar ramp in the assembly and test. Now matching it against to what demand may materialize, that's a difficult one. We don't know what demand does in December quarter and in March quarter next year. Will the rate of growth of these products continue? It looks like we dramatically beat our own internal expectations. A year ago, what we predicted regarding these products will do, we were wrong. They are doing significantly extremely better than that. I mean, if a year ago I would have told you that the 8-bit can grow in double digits, you wouldn't have believed it. So I can't tell you exactly the time frame when the problems get resolved, but we are adding a lot of new capacity and they will get better.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, I carry a heavy burden on my shoulders for semi vision, but I'm not seeing any rollover right now. I think, wind is on our back.
Stephen Sanghi: So I think -- I kind of mentioned we are seeing strength in industrial. We're seeing strength in auto. We're seeing strength in housing. We ship a lot of parts into -- also to housing, appliances, garage door openers, security systems and all the kind of stuff. We're seeing strength in consumer electronics and kind of things we do. We don't go into the cell phone, but the other consumer electronics and the unique one is personal computing. I think if you listen to the Intel commentary and their results, the PCs are going through refresh cycles. So our PC exposure has gone up with the acquisition of SMSC. In fact, 2 different divisions of SMSC. One that does the embedded controller for the PCs, and the other division does Ethernet, LAN, USB and all that. We have seen that market strengthening also. So we're seeing strength in many of these end markets. I believe the market that kind of has been weak was the smartphone. And that's where Microchip doesn't have exposure. So I think, we've done well largely because we try to stay away from that market. We don't like its margins. We don't like its customers. We don't like a number of things about it.
Stephen Sanghi: So SMSC's gross and operating margins are now at the Microchip level. And further improvements are possible as we bring some of the small stuff in. But already, SMSC's gross and operating margins are right on the top of Microchip.
Stephen Sanghi: So, Gill, let me sort of remind everyone, we haven't changed it, so our long-term gross margin model is 61.5%, plus/minus 0.5%. Our operating expense target is 26.5%, plus/minus 0.5%. And our operating margin target is 35%, plus/minus 1%, if you just look at all the low and high. What's really -- what's holding us back a little bit are really the acquisitions. It's very difficult to go out and find an acquisition that's performing at Microchip kind of financials today. In fact, we have found none. So the acquisitions we buy, SST, SMSC, Supertex, ISSC, did all in the gross margins between 45% and 55%, operating margins in teens, pretty much all of them. And SST was worse than that. It wasn't making any money. And then, we take on the task through pruning and expense reduction and margin improvement and moving them to our factories and choosing what to make and not to make, and selecting the product lines, and getting our sales and applications infrastructure to go sell them better to get them into our operating profit. We did that with SST. We did that with SMSC. We're making huge improvement with Supertex, as I mentioned. The operating margin was 17%, and now it's 25%. And we've got to go the rest of the way. In ISSC, we have just begun, we close the deal about a week ago.
Stephen Sanghi: So the June quarter, publicly announced sales were about $21 million. And this quarter would be higher than that, but we have to reassure the sales from July 18 to the end of the quarter, and that we have guided to be $18 million.
Stephen Sanghi: So the answer to your first question, I think, Microchip core business is growing quite substantially, so I don't know where you're coming up with flat, if you did that just for a quarter, so I don't know. But if you look at 4 quarters over 4 quarters, fiscal year '14 over fiscal year '13, we've had very, very substantial growth net of acquisition.
Stephen Sanghi: So Supertex was -- and that may be the confusion. So Supertex was closed on April 1. So the entire Supertex was included in our June numbers. So including Supertex, June to September, the midpoint of our growth is 3.5%, not flat. And then, add 18% on the top of that -- $18 million, which takes the overall growth to about 6.9%.
Stephen Sanghi: Okay. Well, thank you very much for attending our conference call. We'll see some of you on the road as we're doing any conferences. Otherwise, we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, we play in a broad range of automotive applications. We're not focused on any single item engine control or whatever. In many of the applications, we are the main microcontroller. Those tend to be associated with the body electronics, some of the networking inside of the car. In many of the other applications, we are the auxiliary microcontroller. There's somebody else that's micro, which is a large high-performance microcontroller. So there's no specific single application that is driving the growth. Clearly, we're winning more than our fair share of applications, and the number of cars being built is growing as well. So those are the 2 factors driving the automotive part of our business.
Ganesh Moorthy: There are smaller changes quarter-to-quarter when people's timings, et cetera, of when they want to purchase may be adjusted. But if you go back and look, it's had a very strong quarter before that. We're expecting a strong quarter. So what falls into any one 90-day period isn't reflective of the business. I think if you look at it over a 12-month period of time, it evens all that out. And so we see the design wins. We see the customers ramping. We're confident in the product line going forward.
Ganesh Moorthy: Like we mentioned for our 16-bit product line, if you -- I think quarter-to-quarter, there are going to be sometimes a larger than expected growth and sometimes a smaller than expected growth. This isn't the totality of how it's been doing year-over-year on an annualized basis, and you'll find that the analog business has had fantastic growth throughout this time.
Ganesh Moorthy: That is exactly what we said. And so -- and we were actually a little less than 50% at that point in time. Those -- not everything that is outsourced makes sense to bring in-house. We go -- we do that case by case, and there's some accretion in SMSC that over time will come as we sell those designs to a broader set of customers using Microchip sales teams and all of that. But SMSC has done exceedingly well and better than what we had expected in its contribution to Microchip.
Ganesh Moorthy: Clearly, we expect many of the products will marry up with a microcontroller sometimes with our memory as well as sometimes with our analog. The applications they go into, in many cases, we have served, but without the solution that ISSC has brought. But I think the large opportunity in ISSC also is to take it outside of Taiwan and China, which is where the predominant revenue for them is all coming from. And there, we have our sales channels and customer relationships, where existing products that customers are building but missing the components that ISSC builds, automatically becomes a quick addition that we can make. So we're expecting that many, many ISSC products will be sold next to our microcontrollers.
Ganesh Moorthy: So we don't break that out. And even the timeline for when it can be done -- not everything that ISSC manufactures will make sense to move in-house. So we go systematically, item by item, with the objective of making sure that we get to a lower cost, bringing it in-house, and a percentage of what they do will make sense and some of it will not. But that analysis is not complete, and we don't break out the back end versus front end components of that.
James Eric Bjornholt: This is Eric, I can do that. So microcontrollers were $343.8 million, Analog was $127.8 million, memory was $33.4 million, licensing was $20.4 million, and other was $5.9 million.
James Eric Bjornholt: I'll let Ganesh respond to that, but what we said last quarter is we were halfway there on kind of integrating back-end assembly and test manufacturing.
James Eric Bjornholt: The vast majority of our cash and investment balance is offshore, and that's why we're borrowers in the U.S. So we manage our U.S. balance to keep our borrowings as low as possible, but the vast majority of cash is offshore.
James Eric Bjornholt: It depends on the capital that we're bringing in and how that ramps on. But it's probably going to be somewhere between $97 million and $100 million, so it will be up year-over-year.
James Eric Bjornholt: So about $21 million. And I think in the last calendar year they were about $70 million -- $69 million.
