Steve Sanghi: Well, the late 2008, 2009 drop was much steeper. The average semiconductor company was down, I think, 38% to 40% at that time. Microchip excelled for over 2 quarters back then, the quarter of December 2008 and March 2009 was down 35%, roughly. So the drop this time is not as steep as it was that time. So I wouldn't really expect the recovery to be as steep as it really was back then, but we're not prepared to give guidance past this quarter yet, other than saying that we're seeing all of the signs of the bottoming out quarter and March quarter will be up.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I'll probably put it in a different way. The bookings have bounced up from the bottom, so the rate at which we're booking a daily basis is now higher than the worst part of the cycle. So that's really one. The customers who were not taking much product earlier have depleted their inventory, then are starting to take the product, and a number of other customers who are saying that they will deplete their inventory and will buy the full load of product the next quarter. So there are lots of anecdotal signs that really say that this quarter bottoms out.
Steve Sanghi: Well, back in June, I was looking at very significant issues in U.S., very significant issues in Europe, and China was starting to put the brakes and starting to increase their interest rates. And my assessment at that time was the U.S. economy is likely in recession already, and government will just announce it 9 months later that it was in recession like they did that in 2009. Infinitely, the U.S. economy has managed to soft land, and I think the worse GDP growth was about a quarter or so ago. And the numbers we have seen for third quarter were better and fourth quarter seem to be okay. So the economy has, despite all odds, managed to soft land. China has not totally fallen off. It's -- the business is weak, they are slowing down their economy, but their inventories are getting flushed out and the resulting level would be weaker than before, but it's still quite healthy. And Europe is probably still a tossup. We were down in Europe last quarter. We are-- this quarter, we're expecting Europe to be the worst, compared to U.S. and Asia. So Europe is still a tossup which we all -- the European issues go.
Steve Sanghi: The utilization rates will improve next quarter because the holidays we have this quarter do not repeat into the next quarter. So the utilization will have a higher number of working days. So overall, utilization would be higher, and therefore, there will be a positive impact on the gross margin. But we’re also forecasting growth in the next quarter, so. With that, the inventory would still be flat or down.
Steve Sanghi: My sense is that you'll start to see a small operating expense leverage. Our long-term model is 25% to 26%. For the current quarter, we have guided 26% to 26.5%. So we're slightly higher than the upper end of the model. So we'll work that back towards inside the model.
Steve Sanghi: Well, there’s probably no question that the industrial markets are weak, and some other peers and competitors have given the same commentary that industrial markets are weak. But what we're shipping into industrial markets is significantly weaker than their own revenue down, because when the markets weaken, usually there's an inventory that has to be flushed out. So what we are shipping into industrial markets today is significantly below the rate at which industrial markets are consuming. And we believe that, that inventory flushes out, and therefore, even at a weak situation, we're not expecting the March quarter revenue to completely recover, where we make another all-time record quarter. But recovery will begin, and we are confident that in the industrial markets next quarter, we're likely to ship more product that we're shipping this quarter.
Steve Sanghi: Well, when we have talked about one-time dividend over the past years, it hasn't been looked at very favorably because one-time dividends usually do not result into any long-term sustainable benefit. It does not really get into a long-term future return that investors can make. We'd rather grow the dividend so investors today and the investors tomorrow continue to get dividend benefits out of that. With most one-time dividends, investors flip out after the dividends has been received. So we believe the value is very short-lived.
Steve Sanghi: But Gil, our 8-bit business is well above the 2007 levels. That business was a record in fiscal '11. I think, we said that back then. 2011 8-bit microcontroller business was a record, and now it just come down in the last couple of quarters. And the company has had weak performance but it’s way above the 2007 levels.
Steve Sanghi: So we're talking of too many customers. We just have -- we serve 70,000 customers, and a couple of thousand customers we serve directly in the balance through distribution. So there are customers where we know, where we are shipping 0. We shipped 0 in October and probably we'll ship 0 in November. And may ship a little bit. And there are other customers who may be down just slightly to their run rate. It's all over the place, and there's just no way to average it across so many customers, so many markets, so many industries. But there are customers where we're seeing they're saying, "I'm not likely to take much product this quarter, but I'll completely use it up and then take the more product next quarter."
Steve Sanghi: That we know for sure, because you can't know that out of 70,000 customers, but several large customers, based on what their run rate is, and when we're asking them why haven't they taken product this month and they're saying, "I still have 1.5 months more of inventory," or something.
Steve Sanghi: We haven't modeled that revenue. We haven't modeled that, so I'll just rather not confirm or deny without actually doing the math on that.
Steve Sanghi: I don't know if I can distinguish them, but it's almost certain that all markets and all customers within that market won't behave the same. So it will be a staggered thing that corrects over a period of time.
Steve Sanghi: So the shutdowns we are talking about is basically the holiday days. So usually, we run our factories on 24th and 25th of December. We run them on 31st and 1st of January. The ones, which are usually company holidays, we run our factories because factories have such a fixed cost structure. So we always run our factories, and we decided not to run the factory on those particular holidays. We are taking a few days maintenance-related shutdown that we have to take in our order fab every year. That is kind of normal. We've added a day or so to it but that part is normal. The other newer factory that we have in Agrasha Modigan [ph], we don't take a maintenance-related shutdown every year. We take it once in 3, 4, 5 years. But the older factory, we take a shutdown every year between Christmas and New Year.
Steve Sanghi: Well, where we are seeing the bookings come from, I believe it's largely broad-based. We haven't seen it flavor up a given the geography. I think we don't really track our bookings by sector, and we have really no way to do that because majority of the bookings actually come through distribution, where the customers place the bookings on them. So from a geographic standpoint, I've really seen bookings bottom out in every region and recovering from there. What will lead the recovery into next year, I think it's a broad-based downturn, it will be broad-based recovery. If U.S. economy avoids recession, which I think it kind of largely has, then you'll see a little bit of recovery everywhere. And when Europe -- Europe is quite strong in certain countries, Germany and France and others are very strong, but some other countries are weak, so Europe is a very mixed bag.
Steve Sanghi: We do not see that distributors to increase their level of channel inventory because the channel inventory is actually high right now. And part of the inventory correction is happening at distributors. Distributors are giving lower amount of new orders than they're shipping out, so that distributor inventory is dropping. And it needs to drop, and we believe most of that process will be concluded also this quarter. So the next quarter will be more in balance. Now as the distributors change their inventory, it doesn't have a effect on Microchip because we don't take shipments into distributor as revenue. But this was part of my comment in my prepared remarks that those competitors and peers who take the sell-in as a revenue recognition are going to see substantial drops, and you have seen in many other guidance, which are the mid-double digits. And they could see a further drop in Q1 as distributors continue to correct further inventory. At Microchip, it doesn't have effect on our revenue.
Steve Sanghi: The phenomena that you're describing is more given by people who only makes 16 or make only 32. The person who makes only 32, what is he supposed to do? Sell 32 into every application, in every design they win. Sometime they win from 32, sometime they win from 16, and they look at that as a cannibalization. We make all of them, and we continue to make substantial investments in 8-bit, with new products and cost reductions and all that. So our difference in our cost and ASP structure between 8, 16 and 32 is really maintaining. And a customer simply going from 8 to 16 for no other reason is going to pay a higher price, which he doesn't need to pay because our 8-bit is cheaper, always will be.
Steve Sanghi: So it's a combination of it. Every quarter, we sign new licenses and every quarter we have existing licenses. Some have the license payments because a certain milestone was met. In certain cases, they're in production and they're in higher volumes. So we get more royalty. But the fundamental tenet in that business is the percentage share of the overall microcontroller, DSPs, Smart Card and other markets, which use the nonvolatile flash memory. The percentage penetration of our technology SuperFlash is going up quarter after quarter after quarter. More and more IDMs are adopting it, more and more foundries are adopting it. It is the preeminent technology. Everyone of our competitors, I can't say all because that's always not correct, but a majority of our competitors, even licensees of our technology, they're using it inside their own fab. They're using it at the foundries. So even in a down business, which we have had for the last couple of quarters, the licensing business has done record every quarter because it has that much market share gain going on.
Steve Sanghi: Well, thanks to everybody. There are a couple of conferences coming up that we will go this quarter. And we'll see many of you on the conference circuit this quarter. And otherwise, we'll see you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's been an ongoing process for several years. A lot of the investments that we made in our field teams to be able to take more control of our own destiny for demand creation has obviously rubbed off on the analog products as well. So when we go after an opportunity, with our microcontroller, obviously we're fully focused on the analog and anything else that surrounds that microcontroller. But there are cases where it's not our microcontroller or it may not be a microcontroller at all. We still want the analog and have a foot in the door at that opportunity. And that's what you're seeing from analog as it spreads, the base of applications we're in and to customers above and beyond just our microcontrollers.
Ganesh Moorthy: We're absolutely confident that the trajectory of growth on 16-bit is sustainable, beyond  [Audio Gap] time, the fiscal year is over. Fiscal year '12 will be higher than fiscal year '11. And as we continue into fiscal year -- the breadth of new designs that are continuing to take place is tremendous, and all those designs some may take a little longer to get to production, but they're all going to get to production. And I think you will see this sustained for many, many years to come on 16-bit.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, the design cycle varies anywhere from 12 months to as much 30 months, depending on the product complexity, the application and the requirements to get that application into production. Obviously, our 8-bit products go to market fastest, our 16-bits are in between and our 32-bit take a longer period of time. There's not a clean way for you to approximate how a single development tool results in a specific growth. Development tools get used multiple times on many projects and for many years sometimes. So a single development tool results in many, many, many designs that go to production from it.
Ganesh Moorthy: So we don't break out our revenue by 8-bit microcontroller. We provide some color on 16 and 32 in terms of growth rates but not the absolute numbers 8s, 16s and 32 are a continuum of microcontrollers that gets used by our customers. And we really don't see much benefit in providing the breakdown.
Ganesh Moorthy: My only addition would be I think it's also because of the what's -- the more complex applications, as Steve described, it's much more than just a hardware sale. It's how the software, the application support, the reference designs, the total solution sell comes together. And I don't think it's only on 16s and 32-bits, I think even on many of our 8-bit products. We have products with much more capability today than we did many years ago, and that total solution sell, including hardware and software coming together, is an important part of how we go to market.
Ganesh Moorthy: No. And 8s, 16s and 32s coexist, have coexisted, will coexist. I think they all solve different needs. And there is no way that a single solution meets all the different market needs that are out there. It's a very fragmented market. There are many, many solutions that are needed. Even as we have grown our 16- and 32-bit business, our 8-bit is going to be -- continue to grow as well, maybe not at the same rate, but coming off of a larger base. And so I think people from the early '90s have been talking about 8-bit business being cannibalized by 16-bit or 32-bit, and it's alive strong and kicking.
