Eric Bjornholt: Thanks  and good afternoon, everyone. During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to our press releases of today, as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact Microchip’s business and results of operations.
Eric Bjornholt: Sure, sure. So, we've indicated that in the very short-term, for the March quarter, we're expecting to stand between $50 million and $60 million in CapEx. We've kind of given general guidance to the Street, the longer-term, we expect our CapEx as a percentage of net sales to be somewhere between 3% and 4%. You know, this quarter we’ll be going through our annual operating plan for our next fiscal year and will provide kind of a more detailed forecast in fiscal 2022. But I wouldn't be surprised if we're on the high end of that range for next fiscal year. We’ve been well below it for the last two fiscal years and so quite clear  environment is driving that. And I'll start with the second piece of the question. And Steve or Ganesh can add on to it, but you know, we have been making significant investments, and assembly and test expansion. And actually, this last quarter, we did 65% of our assembly in-house that's up significantly quarter-on-quarter. And we did 57% of our final test in-house. So, you know, these metrics tend to be slow moving, but we are making progress on that, and is allowing us to take a little bit more control of our own destiny. So, with that, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Eric Bjornholt: A second comment there from, Harlan talking about or kind of implying that June quarter is fully booked, and you know that is not the case. June quarter isn't fully booked, the March quarter isn't fully booked, it can be fully booked on certain products. And you maybe are going to ask and expand on that a little bit.
Eric Bjornholt: Just want to make sure this is clear – I want to make sure this is clear that has zero impact on the March quarter.
Eric Bjornholt: Yeah. I’ll take the gross margin question. So, we did actually update our long-term targets for gross and operating margin back in December. We took the gross margin target to 65% and the operating margin target to 42%. So, we essentially achieved what was our prior target of 63% on the gross margin with the last quarter results, and are guiding at the midpoint to about 63.5% this quarter. So, gross margin was absolutely going to highlight over the last couple of years, and we’re continuing to do all the right things to be efficient in our operations to drive improvements. And I’m not sure if you have more follow-up on that, but we definitely have outlined five or six things that are going to help us continue to make improvement on gross margin into the future, and we can go through that separately if you’d like, Harsh.
Eric Bjornholt: We don’t break out gross margin either by end market or by product line. So, we reported at the company level and that’s all we have.
Eric Bjornholt: No, I was going to say, I think these come on slowly. They’re not going to make big quarter-to-quarter changes in what they’re at. Directionally, each of them is a small step in the roadmap that we have said we want to improve our gross margins through the long-term target. But I would not be looking for quarter-by-quarter. These are making big changes in the gross margin of the company overall.
Steve Sanghi: So, the preferred supplier program is brand new. I have not ever implemented it in my 42 years of career, and I have never seen anybody else do that too. The program is largely a response to the current environment, because bookings level is just so strong and people are booking parts out in time. The industry seems to be, you know, 30% plus sure to really what the capacity requirement is. And many of our customers have been asking, you know, what can they do if they give us longer-term demand, longer-term orders, you know, will that give them parts, will that give them better support? Now, you know, customers can give us longer-term orders, but if the orders cancellable or reschedule, you know, after 90 days, which was the case prior to the program, then I could have a lot of orders for September and December and could buy capital, hire people to rent but just before I get there, people could cancel, if there was a double ordering, people were asking more than they need, and they cancel part of the orders. So there is often the problem always and you guys ask the question, is there any double ordering or whatever. And in this program, basically, eliminates all that. It asks the customers to place 12 months of backlog, which will be non-cancelable, . So, I can take that one to the bank, buy raw material, do batch processing, grow the capacity and give them preferential supply. So, this is the first time we have implemented. It’s just a need of the times.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, small number of customers, you already have feedback through the day, including a couple of distributors, their response is positive. They will place such orders, you know, I don't expect any customer to place their entire backlog on every product on the PSP program, because customers themselves have some programs where they're solid, that the demand is good, they have a good market share on that particular design. But some others could be some new programs where the demand is yet not known. So, I think customers will really take a lot of the product and put it on  and some others that they want.
Steve Sanghi: So, you know, we sent a letter to our customers on January 4, really informing them, first of the business environment and also informing them that we were seeing broad based cost increases and some very aggressive commercial terms from other suppliers who were facing similar issues from their suppliers really up and down the supply chain. And we must pass these cost increases to our customers through really a broad based price increase. So after writing that letter then we need to really develop that program and we got, you know, several hundred thousand skews and going through the price increase on, you know, on which part and how much and passing on to the customers working through their contracts and long-term prices and stuff like that. So, all that really has been implemented at this point in time. We're in breaking out, you know, what portion of the guidance is price increase, you know, that's going to be relatively difficult, but the price increases have already been made effective.  As far as the economics of the PSP program, the economics of the PSP programs really are in having a committed non-cancelable, non-reschedule level backlog on the books that we can build it in batches by raw material ahead if we wanted, you know, increase the inventory if we wanted to serve that and build it whenever we have a , essentially, that's why the economics are, to be able to serve the customers better who joined the program, and Microchip not be subject to ordering more than they need and double ordering because they're not going to double order and order more than they need if they cannot reschedule or cancel. So that's where the economics are. There’s no price change with that price program is totally separate.
Steve Sanghi: I know, you must have noted what I said, I thought I talked about – the question really was that, you know, Street had 7% growth, do you expect something higher than that? And my answer was yes. So, you know whatever – anybody interpreted, I don't know what significant means. And I can't really give you a number for the growth for the year although I think the revenue is more constrained by capacity than the demand, at least now and for the next several quarters, which leads to your second question, what kind of growth the supply chain support? I think one of the problems that we're dealing with is that the supply chain is not as stable. You know, we're finding that, you know,  subcontractor will commit that they can do X number of parts per week. And as we get there, they would change that number, they would lower that number or push it out by a couple of weeks. Well, what happened? Well, what happened was they got a  from their supplier. They didn’t get some bundles they were expecting. They couldn't hire some people, somebody tested positive for COVID. So they had to send 50 people home, who had come in contact with it. So, you know there is no slack in the system. Everything that gets built, get shipped, there's absolutely no slack in the system. So, any perturbation, there was an earthquake in Taiwan, we had a car that hit our substation in fab in Oregon that knocked out about three or four days, partial knockout, not complete. You know, none of those things are makeable, because all factories are working seven days a week, you know, full board. So, any delay in equipment, just leads to a de-commitment. So, I think those are all the myriad of problems we're dealing with, in adding equipment, adding people, qualifying additional subcontractors, getting our customers to waive qualification. You know, automotive are the hardest customers to qualify production in a different plant or to approve a change. And in the last six months, we have been so successful in getting even all the automotive customers that they would buy the product from this alternative assembly site, a test site or all that. So, we're getting help in that area. But it's still a very, very complicated, you know, process to put it all together. And therefore, we're not willing to dollarize the number or what percentage we could grow. Not yet.
Steve Sanghi: You know, distribution would love to grow the inventory in this environment to serve the customers better. But, you know, the  can't grow, there isn't – it's not enough product available to grow the inventory, because product keeps getting shipped out. Another point I would like to make is that our inventory, as well as distributor inventory is calculated based on last 90 days of sales. So, it's based on the prior quarter. So, essentially, you know, if you – the real value of the inventory is to support the future. So, if you take our guidance and take the mid-point of that guidance, let's say, and calculate the days of distributor inventory, or Microchip inventory, based on that guidance, then the inventory numbers are extremely low. But they are calculated as we report which is a standard convention based on the past 90 days. In a very stable environment flat sales it doesn't matter, but in a significant growth, the real inventory is actually much lower than the numbers were reporting, and we don't think it's going to grow. I think our internal inventory will drop this quarter. We expect by several days and distribution will do the same.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, we, we had unsupported orders, for every geography, for every product line, for direct as well as for distribution. So, just picking a number that the distribution inventory went down by – and just seeing, you know, that's the revenue we missed for the December quarter will not be accurate. We're not breaking up the number, but the total amount of revenue that we missed also was also from direct and essentially in every geography.
Steve Sanghi: I think we have spoken extensively about this in the past saying that we believe, you know, there was an era of M&A, as you know, in the last 12 years or so we did 16, 17, 18 acquisitions, a few large ones public and lots of them small private and all that was intent to, you know, scale the company, you know, 10 x or so, and now we're over $5.4 billion company, and really not have a scale disadvantage to our competitors. I think we have achieved that. And today, we have a product line with which we can complete a customer's entire solution and essentially have all the parts built out of Microchip products and other than  and connectors and battery, everything else is really made from Microchip. So, today, there is not, you know, that need for M&A and no . So, we are really building a strategy going forward on organic growth built from really large amount of success in providing total system solutions to the customers. It could be a tuck-in acquisition here and there, you know, private, smaller or really buying some people, which is a, you know, technology pipeline or something like that, but there is really no plan currently for doing any kind of large acquisition even after we reach a certain leverage.
Steve Sanghi: So, I think one of your questions implies that, what portion of the CapEx we were spending for internal versus external, I think 100% of our CapEx is really being applied to grow the capacity internally. The external capacity growth, we're getting it just by getting larger allocation and negotiating for a larger piece of the total capacity pie at foundries and subcontractors. We're not really spending our CapEx dollars in growing their capacity, but our capacity is growing significantly, outside also. But overall, as Eric mentioned, you know, especially in the assembly and test area, a large portion of capacity growth is happening inside.
Steve Sanghi: I think seasonality has been difficult to define for Microchip for some time because of all the acquisitions, and especially with Microsemi, the end market mix changed so much that we said, you know, if you got a year or two years of stable environment, then one could figure out what the seasonality would be. And we haven't gotten that stable environment. First for the U.S. China trade, and last year was COVID. And this year is this runaway growth, our capacity constraint. So, in this environment, it's not the seasonal factor that's changing what you can or cannot do. It's a combination of how much capacity you can grow what the overall demand is. So, I can't really comment much on seasonality in this kind of environment. 
Steve Sanghi: So, you can’t qualify different fabs in a matter of three months or six months. You know, depending on what the process and products are to you, it's a much longer effort. So, a lot of the capacity growth is really coming out of, you know, growing capacity where the processes are already installed. You know, we got some processes that are installed outside, as well as inside. And most of the other majority of our processes either run outside or an inside and when they run outside, they usually only either run in one foundry or the other foundry. So, there's really no process that runs in three or four different foundries. They may run in three or four different fabs of the same foundry. You know, like take TSMC, it could run in three different fabs of TSMC, but it doesn't run in TSMC, as well as global, as well as UNC or something. So, the capacity growth is largely coming from where the processes are already installed, from a fab standpoint. From an assembly test standpoint, yes, we're qualifying additional alternate assembly subcontractors which could give additional capacity. But there also, majority of the growth in assembly, as well as test is coming from buying capital and installing in three of microchips large facilities, two in Thailand, and one in Philippines. They are basically doing record amount of assembly and test every day. And capacity is rising, every week, every month, every quarter for the rest of the year.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah, I mean, you know, even for this quarter, we have strong backlog. But we have some turns we have to pay. And there's turns to pay for the June quarter. As Eric mentioned, there are certain product lines, which can be much closer to being booked up. And that's typically, you know, it is starting at a much higher backlog than a normal quarter would be, but there is still work to be done and there is capacity coming online, which will help with some of the growth, both that's helping this quarter, as you can see this December and some more into June.
Steve Sanghi: So that was told to the customers in early December or maybe it was the middle of December, around maybe 8th or 10th December. And we gave them then the following three weeks or so to make any changes to the backlog they wanted to make, and on January 1, the backlog will go hard for the 90 days. So – and there were very few changes made. There were just meaningless very small changes. So, as of January 1, then whatever was on our books for the March quarter, it became firm with no changes to be made. And that backlog position for the March quarter was very strong, strongest we have ever seen in our careers. Now as Ganesh answered earlier, and Eric answered, that doesn’t mean the March quarter was fully booked because you always have products where this product available and customers and distributors can continue to come and buy those products for the lead time is still fairly short and shippable within the quarter. But a very large number of products were also completely booked and nothing available for March, and some products even nothing available for June. So, the impact of that 90 days was effective on January 1.
Steve Sanghi: And then as you go, as you finish the month of January, then the backlog is now hard for February, March, April. By the end of February, the backlog will be hard for March, April, and May. So that was the 90-day program. The PSP program is an entirely new program. The 90-day program was applicable to all customers worldwide, direct or distribution. The PSP program is a customer adoption. It’s not – we can’t force them to give us one year of backlog, so that was an option given to the customer, so they can have an ability to get preferred supply support if they would give us 12 months of non-cancelable backlog, which helps us in bringing capacity online and buy capital and hire people with confidence, and it gives them preferential capacity. So, there is something in it for both.
Steve Sanghi: The PSP program support starts from July. Now, the order, they can replace it now for 12 months. But if they come up with a whole bunch of new orders for March, April, May, June, they can’t get the supply ripped off from other people who have placed the backlog before. So, PSP capacity support does not begin till July.
Steve Sanghi: We don’t really have a formula in place. We just – Board will meet every quarter and decide the dividend for every quarter. In the current quarter, we grew the dividend by 5.8%, and you couldn’t expect that Board will grow the dividend every quarter. And that’s really our commitment. I told in the last couple of quarters that we would build a glide path towards higher dividend, and this is a glide path towards a higher dividend. So, if you cumulate the increase in dividend for four, five, six quarters, then by the middle of 2022, you already would have a significantly higher dividend after seeing fixed increases of the kind we just did. That’s really what we’re trying to do to get to higher dividends, and by that time, leverage would have come down and such – that higher dividend will really be supportable at that point in time both – from the cash flow, and still have enough cash available to keep bringing the debt down further.
Steve Sanghi: I do not remember shortages being this bad ever. So, this is just like – this is a Six Sigma event in terms of shortages, call it a Black Swan event, although that’s more meant for negative. I don’t really know what other competitors are seeing what, but our capacity for automotive products and industrial products and consumer products is really common. It runs at the same fabs, the same processes, sometimes they have the same parts that we can ship into an automotive or ship into an industrial. So, the capacity constraints would really be shared by all markets. Now, the largest increase in demand has been in automotive, wherein the June quarter, automotive demand went to 20% of normal because all the factory shut down. And as that demand has gone back to 95% of normal or 100% of normal, that’s 5x increase in auto demand. So, they are seeing sort of there were shortages, because they didn’t place their orders, they didn’t really guide towards having this stronger V-shape recovery, so their  are worse than that, but the capacity is common.
Steve Sanghi: There is also a fact that in automotive, $1 part can prevent a $40,000 car from shipping. In industrial, $1 part could just prevent 1,999 power drill from that shipping. So the hurt factor is quite different, so therefore the noise from automotive and the escalations of the management team and the pressure and all that is really of a different level.
Steve Sanghi: So, I think taking the question of capacity, you mentioned somehow that we catch up by June, July. We don’t expect to catch up on demand capacity balance for the balance of the calendar year 2021, and could possibly go into 2022. I mean we already know that the demand on lots and lots of products succeeds where we have no product available. If you place an order today, we were shipping here in September, October. And people are booking September, October, November, fast. And with the PSP program, we’re going to get backlog all the way through next January, February. So, I don’t think the capacity issue is getting solved in the next four, five, six months. I think we’re talking a 12-month at least to solve that – to really have the capacity get in balance. And I don’t remember the other part of your question for Eric.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know the PSP program doesn’t really do anything to the margin, and historically it could make us more efficient if we get a large amount of backlog, lots and lots of customers pick up on that offer, and then we can build the product more efficiently. It could help a little bit on the cost side of the equation. But PSP program wasn’t launched to drive margins. It was launched to get a firm customer backlog that we can be confident of growing our capacity and not have any double ordering or excess ordering in that backlog, which could go away when we get there. That’s why it was launched. It was not launched for margin. And I don’t think it’s going to have a lot of impact on margin. Now, as we are growing through this growth period, you have three or four things happening. Number 1, all the underutilization is going away. Most of it has gone away in March, but some could be going away in June. Number 2, as the incremental capacity is being added, the incremental capacity usually is more productive because you’re not adding the entire – every machine, you’re adding bottlenecks here and there. So, when you add debt capacity, the incremental margin through and for every dollar of revenue tends to be better, and if you go back in the prior cycles and calculate incremental margin to get some idea. The third being, we are bringing some products, both in fab and assembly and test from outside to inside, and those moves are accretive, there could be something else. The impact of price increase, I think is going to be relatively benign because we largely launched that to offset the cost increases. But you can’t always increase the price on a product. We have seen the cost increase. We got to look at the product whether there is a competitive element there or it’s a proprietary product, so the price increase and cost increase don’t completely match product-by-product. But overall, we might get some benefit and certainly in revenue, probably not in margin.
Steve Sanghi: So, I think the first part of your question, what portion of the revenue we expect to go through PSP, we really have no idea. It’s never been done before. It is being launched by taking on questions from many large customers saying, what can you do to make sure I get capacity support in the second half. I’m delinquent now, you’re not giving me everything I need, so how can I ensure that I get that in the future? And so, we came up with this program and saying if you commit that your orders for that next 12 months and non-cancelable and non-reschedulable then we will go with confidence, bill that product and give you preferential support. So, we do not know what the uptake would be and we’re just purely guessing. We just launched it this morning, and have gotten three or four inputs since then, one from a major distributor and few from customers. One customer, I had talked to personally. So, I think this is the heart of the . So that’s that. The other part of your question was the 300 millimeter. There is no plan to do any 300 millimeter inside. And we continue to have two large 8-inch fabs and one large 6-inch fab and a number of small 4-inch sort of fabs that we are transitioning product away from those 4-inches to a 6-inch and 8-inch fabs. The 12-inch capacity continues to be at our foundries for any foreseeable future.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. I want to thank everyone for attending the call. Also want to say that this is my last call as CEO. As many of you know, Ganesh Moorthy would be the CEO starting March 1. I would still attend the call. I will stay engaged with investors, but Ganesh will take the lead role. And if some of you are expecting to find a softer version of Steve, you may not get that. Internally, he is  than I am, but we’ll see externally how Ganesh acts. So, thank you all. Bye-bye.
