Steve Sanghi: So, Chris, thanks for the question. Basically, the inventories have run down very low at the customers, as well as at the distributors. And the customers were probably accounting for either much deeper cycle in the December or not as much recovery in this current quarter. So we are seeing a fairly strong expedite activity, which is driven by customers not having inventory and them not being able to find that inventory distribution either. The strength is pretty broad-based. We are pretty much seeing it from all geographies, including Europe. And we're seeing it in direct as well as distribution. And it doesn't seem to be any specific market segment, vertical market or anything where it's happening. We have pretty strong bookings across the board.
Steve Sanghi: So that's a very good question, Chris. We're asking the same question to ourselves. At this point in time, we still have inventories higher than what we would like. Total inventories and the majority of the excess inventory is sitting in the die banks. So at this current time, we are ramping our back-ending facilities to move that inventory from die bank to assembly and test into finished goods, to keep the lead time short, meet the expedite request and meet the increasing needs of the customers. We do not feel yet that we need to take any action in the fab because the die banks are quite healthy. Now as those die banks start to correct and overall inventory starts to adjust, we will be watching it on, really, a monthly basis, even more often. And the rotating time-off is very flexible. I mean, it allows us on a moment's notice to be able to increase the wafer starts by simply asking the production staff to work more hours than what they're working today. And that's the beauty of it. We don't have to hire people. We haven't laid off the people. They're all working. They simply are taking some furlough days off and they simply come to work more hours, which they would love it anyway. So as we start to make those changes, we'll communicate to the investors and analysts. Today, we're not prepared to really make any decision on it.
Steve Sanghi: As I earlier mentioned when Chris asked the question, I don't think we are seeing any difference by end markets nor we track them, really, as well as we would like to. Our business is largely horizontal. We serve into a lot of customers and lots of customers through distribution. So we're seeing pretty broad base strength. But some large customers where we do business directly, whether they're in the Consumer segment or Industrial segment or Automotive segment or Computing segment, we're seeing really pretty strong business bookings across the board.
Steve Sanghi: Well, so it's basically voluntary in nature. So 2,400 employees voluntarily stepped up and say, we'll help the company when the operating expenses need to be brought down rather than doing a layoff. We're saving money that way. Therefore, committed to the programs, which will otherwise have to readjust or slip out. Now, if the business environment continues to strengthen, as it is looking, we'll certainly look at it again as we talk to the employees. We could reduce the 5%. We could terminate it early. All those options are there, but the number just became public today. So that conversation hasn't happened with the employees.
Steve Sanghi: So I think it's been strengthening along. The late part of last quarter was pretty good. But around the Christmas timeframe, lots of people are off and all that. So the data gets very muddy whether you're getting higher amount of bookings in shorter number of days, because purchasing managers wouldn't be working certain days. So we cannot decide for the data as well in that timeframe. But then as we came into January, post the New Year, bookings continue to strengthen and the last several weeks have been just very, very strong.
Steve Sanghi: Well, when the lead times are low, it doesn't lead to a muted recovery, it leads to a strong recovery. Because when the lead times are low, the customers usually have no inventory and slight disturbance or uptick or demand drives what it is driving right now, huge expedite requests, strong bookings. Because when people can find certain parts, lead time shorts doesn't always mean 100% of the products just available today. It's usually on the majority of the products and whenever a customer needs some parts and if they don't find it for a week, the factory's down for the week, and that's very, very expensive. So usually, when the lead times are short, people don't hold any inventory and as soon as there's any sign of recovery, huge kind of orders come in, like we are seeing today. And then the recovery's actually fairly strong, I would say.
Steve Sanghi: So we haven't dollarized for you. I don't know if you have the number. But the March quarter is in our guidance that we're giving you. And then we can further give you guidance for past the June quarter as those pay cuts are reversed. There's also a chance that they reverse early or the pay cut is lessened from 5% or a smaller number, as I mentioned earlier, based on if we see that recovery strengthening in the June quarter, June quarter will be very strong, then we're unlikely to stay through the pay cut to the end of the June. That just wouldn't be fair to the employees at that point in time. So that's something we have to give you guidance as we go along.
Steve Sanghi: The history tells me that not all customers, not all purchasing managers telephone each other and line up together to really go do something. And there's always a multicycle. We always see too many moving parts across a large customer base. There are customers pushing out orders, and there are many customers pulling in orders and expediting. So this usually always happens in a multicycle way -- no, multiquarter way, not in one quarter.
Steve Sanghi: But, Steve, how is this question different than the one for the last 15 years where Freescale will do X, Y, Z. and TI has a 300-millimeter fab and Samsung has excess capacity and they will lower the price, and blah, blah, blah, and I just rattled up some names. It's the same thing over and over. Microcontroller market is very complex. It takes thousand-plus MOSFETs from Microchip to really completely serve their market. Somebody wants low-power. Somebody high power. Somebody wants low current. Somebody wants high current. Somebody wants high-performance. Somebody wants low price. It's a very complex market and we know how to serve it very well. I mean, our 8 and 16-bit businesses did very, very well last year. Our 16-bit business was up very substantially year-over-year, and our 8-bit business gained significant share from the market as we compared to the SIA data. So everybody has their strategies. But our strategies are working very well. We gain share by bit worth and overall substantially. And as we go to the conferences, we'll show you some graphs on it. The overall market share growth went from about 7% to a little over 9% going out of the year.
Steve Sanghi: So I think, if you've seen my commentary, we had $0.038 accretion in September quarter. We did $0.065 cents per share in December quarter. We're guiding to $0.07 to $0.08 for March. And what was it? $0.09 to $0.10 for June. So that increasing line of accretion is really a result of systems getting combined and then people becoming redundant, reducing costs, renegotiating stuff based on combined Microchip and SMSC activity, combining offices, closing down leases, those tend to be smaller items. But there is -- across the board, I mean, this is what we did with SST. We're very good at these consolidations. And it's really coming as a result of that. So SST is up -- I'm sorry, SMSC's operating expenses were well in excess of 40% when we started, and it just made 21% operating profit. And we're not breaking out the gross margin. But you can get a feel for. I told you that operating profit number, you can get a feel for how much improvement has been made. The prior year when there were standalone, the operating profits were 12% and on higher revenue. Because it was close to the downturn.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, we do. Because this quarter, we're guiding to $0.07 to $0.08. And then we're seeing $0.09 to $0.10 next quarter and then $0.38 to $0.42 for fiscal year '14. So you could see we're kind of in the middle of it.
Steve Sanghi: 8-bit is more economically sensitive and it's much larger business for us than 16 and 32. So smaller businesses can outsmart, number one. Number two, there are a lot many newer products on 16 and 32. In any given segment of 16 and 32, there's much larger incremental business coming from new designs where the 8-bit is a much larger business, less number of newer products, less number of newer designs. And so when there's a macroeconomic headwind, you'll have the larger, mature business get more impacted.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's really all of the above. You had more of the answer to the question than the question itself. The addition of all those and we cannot decipher. It's the -- there is some recovery in the works. So there's very low inventories. So there is resurgence coming out of that. We're gaining share. Lots of new products, new design wins that have been in the incubation and, usually, customers don't launch their new products in a very bad environment. And I think the last new products are getting launched and we're getting customer schedules for products going into a lot of new products and the structure and bookings coming from there, where customers relaunch their new products. So it's a combination of all that.
Steve Sanghi: There is cross-selling synergy coming out on a more shorter-term basis, but it's not in the automotive market because it takes longer. We're seeing it in other industrial and consumer end of the markets, like set-top boxes and various USB hubs and computing segment and docks and speaker docks and all that kind stuff, digital audio and other things. So there are plenty of markets where we are seeing attach opportunities with either microcontrollers or analog products. We're also seeing those opportunities in automotive. But automotive will be longer time to market because they will have to be designed in.
Steve Sanghi: We want to thank everyone for attending today. We'll be at the Morgan Stanley conference on February 27 in San Francisco. And we'll see some of you there. Thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a more qualitative assessment we're giving you at this point in time. Clearly, as we look at how far into the quarter are we booked, at this time of the quarter, we can see we are significantly higher booked into this quarter, and we can see backlog starting to fill into the next quarter as well. I don't have a precise number to give you to say how far in that we are for next quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Well, it's nothing new. There have been 32-bits at specific price points that you've been on calls where that had been brought up 4, 5 years ago. This market has many different factors upon which decisions are made. They have platform decisions, there are many competitive expectations beyond price that customers work with. And we can -- as you can see in our results, we have continued to outperform the market on our microcontrollers, on our 16-bit microcontrollers, on our 32-bit microcontrollers. As time goes on, were not standing still. We continue to evolve our product lines. We know what the competitive issues are and where they're coming from. And you will continue to see responses from us to address any competitive threats we see.
Ganesh Moorthy: Is a good market. It's growing. It's not going to be like a cellphone market. It's going to take time to build across a broad slate of customers and applications. And in that sense, I think it'll be a nice, good sustainable business over the long term.
James Eric Bjornholt: So, Kevin, I think maybe it's being confused. We didn't talk about an inventory write down. We talked about an inventory write-up associated with purchase accounting. And that only impacts our GAAP gross margins, which you saw were down pretty significantly at about 48%. But that does not impact the non-GAAP results. So that is not something that's impacting the quarter-over-quarter activity. Steve talked about the activities in the wafer fabs. We're remaining with these rotating time-offs schedules at this point in time and really just ramping on the back end. So that's really what's happening on the gross margin line. There isn't anything that is going to improve the gross margins in the March quarter significantly.
James Eric Bjornholt: So really, no change in stock comp. So our stock comp program does not -- you don't see spikes in it from that standpoint.
James Eric Bjornholt: Right. And if I'm kind of a normal payroll standpoint, we make changes as the business can afford them. So it's not consistently tied to a specific quarter.
James Eric Bjornholt: 2,4 years. And you can go back and look at as we did acquisitions along the way, we had GE as the first acquisition that brought us into the Internet of thing space between that. The microcontrollers, the software that's required -- and this is a pretty fragmented market, where it takes more than just a product. It takes a significant amount of other collateral to enable small, medium-sized customers to be able to get into this. So we've been at it for some time.
James Eric Bjornholt: Again, we have never thought in terms of ARM versus MIPS and that's really not what the solution that customer buys. So customers are looking for infotainment solutions, which is what came to us through the SMSC acquisitions. Customers are looking for analog and other memory microcontroller kind of solutions to go into the applications they have. The opportunity with SMSC has given us deeper relationships in certain accounts, where they had a much larger position than we did. There's certainly deeper relationships that the SMSC Automotive business had with the automotive OEMs giving us more insight into where platforms are being -- what direction people are taking and what some of the future technology requirements are. I wouldn't say there's any immediate change that has happened in revenue. Things take a long time in automotive. But we're getting substantial insight on where the future of automotive platforms, from an electronics standpoint, are going. And where there are opportunities to potentially work with the combined portfolio of products at customers where either one of us were not having as high of a content.
Rajvindra S. Gill: Sorry, if this was asked before, but I jumped on late. With respect to kind of the trends in the microcontroller market, it appears that some of your competitors are starting to integrate low-power Wi-Fi into the microcontroller and starting to go out to the Internet of things. I'm just wondering if you have thoughts on that particular market or that particular strategy.
Rajvindra S. Gill: No, I know you're ahead. I'm just wondering if you -- how do you kind of look at the market in terms of the size and the future of it going forward.
Rajvindra S. Gill: And just last question on the automotive side. Can you describe some of the cross-selling opportunities that you're kind of seeing now with SMSC and how do you think that kind of positions you to gain share in 32-bit market relative to, say, Freescale or Renesas and just wondering what your thoughts on the ARM-based controller versus kind of MIPS-based controller in that market.
