Ganesh Moorthy: Thank you, Eric and good afternoon everyone. Let’s take a closer look at the performance of each of our product lines, starting with microcontrollers. Our microcontroller revenue was up 1.3% in the June quarter as compared to the year ago quarter. We experienced the same broad based weakness that has been reported by many of our peer group companies. In aggregate, over the last four rolling quarters, our microcontroller business was up 8% over the prior four rolling quarters. We are continuing to deliver innovative new 8 bit, 16 bit and 32 bit microcontrollers that we believe will enable us to grow faster than the market and gain for the market share. Microcontrollers represented 65.2% of Microchip’s overall revenue in the June quarter. Moving to our analog business, our analog business was down 0.6% in the June quarter as compared to the year ago quarter. In this business too we experienced a broad based weakness that has been reported by many of our peers. In aggregate over the last four rolling quarters, our analog business was up 11% over the prior four rolling quarters. Our analog business represented 23.8% of Microchip’s overall revenue in the June quarter. We continue to develop and introduce a wide range of innovative and proprietary new products to fuel the future growth of our analog business. Our memory business, which is comprised of our Serial E-squared memory products as well as our SuperFlash Memory products was down 4.8% in the June quarter as compared to the year ago quarter. We continue to run our memory business in a disciplined fashion that maintains consistently high profitability, enables our licensing business and serve [technical difficulty] to complete their solutions. Our memory business represented 5.95% of Microchip’s overall revenue in the June quarter. Now a short update about Micrel and where we are in the integration process. Since the announcement of the acquisition on May 7th we have spent considerable time understanding Micrel’s businesses, organization and assistance. We have developed detailed integration plans that we have begun to execute today after the transaction closed. As we described in our May 7th conference call, Micrel has three product line business units and a small foundry services business. Micrel’s linear and power solutions business is a classic highly fragmented analog business. This business together with Microchip’s standard analog business form combined portfolio that will serve a broad base of applications and customers and enable a number of cross selling opportunities. Micrel’s LAN solutions business consists of a range of Ethernet products including controllers, switches and physical layers for different speeds. This business will strengthen Microchip’s overall Ethernet offering and also enable us to serve a broader set of applications and customers. Micrel’s timing solutions business consist of a comprehensive clock and timing portfolio including frequency control products, clock generation products and clock distribution products. It also includes MEMs technology capability that enables much smaller timing components. This is a brand new field of play for Microchip that we’re excited about and see sales synergies with our existing product lines. It also gives us visibility into a range of applications and customers that are new to Microchip who could be customers for our microcontroller analog and memory products. In regards to sales and field applications, we are planning to keep Micrel’s sales and applications engineers and we’ll cross-train them as well as our existing sales force so that we can find revenue synergies through cross selling opportunities. We also plan to combine the distribution networks of the two companies. Some of the distributors for the two companies are the same while others are different. And our goal is to achieve expanded distribution capabilities for the products of both companies. In regards to manufacturing, Steve will comment in more detail in his section along with how we expect to see the accretion results rolling out over time. With that, let me now pass it to Steve for some general comments about our business, the Micrel acquisition, as well as the guidance going forward.
Ganesh Moorthy: We’re not through all the inventory corrections, no. There will again be differences in sell in versus sell through also, all of our revenue is sell through. But we bought Micrel today which had a mixture of sell-in and sell-through with most of China being sell-in which will be converting to sell-through only recognizing sell-through, so there are number of moving parts in our business. But industry still has a lot of inventory in China.
Ganesh Moorthy: We have decided to take linear and power solutions business which was the largest division inside of Micrel and completely fold that within Microchip which is happening starting today. So essentially we have taken our analog business and internally in Microchip’s split it into two portions, one is called the analog power and interface division and second is called the mix signal and linear division, both about equal size and then the entire Micrel linear and power business is folding into one of those division which is the analog power management business. So, we will apply our principles, our metrics of R&D and all that. When I look at R&D as a percentage of sales for analog, Microchip is one of the most efficient in the industry, we don’t breakout into visual R&D, but the amount of R&D we spend to get the margins and revenue and all there and Micrel is one of the worst when you look at the numbers. So we have to move this from worst to best. And we have done that with others, we’ve done that with SSC and SMSC and Supertex and over and over and over, we have team there, that’s what we have to do here. Then there is LAN business here which is about $50 million, $60 million and that also we’re going to completely fold that into Microchip’s USB and Networking Division where our LAN business resides, that again will then really benefit from our methodologies, our metrics, our management and everything else. And the third business here is the timing business, which is a new business for us and we will keep that as a business unit but if you’re reporting to one of our seasoned general manager so he can also get the mentorship and really move towards our model.
Ganesh Moorthy: So there is near-term accretion, I don’t know if I have a breakdown considering we’re closing the acquisition just today before that all we had model and then we have quickly verified some stuff. But if you give us little more time maybe as we get on the road and see you at some conferences or the next conference call or we can have much more intelligent numbers for you. But there is accretion coming from expense reduction and other thing that prior to that it's not all from fab.
Ganesh Moorthy: I listened to some of the calls and it's amazing how the customer’s been placing bookings are kind of behaving almost same for everybody and I could say the same team that, this quarter’s bookings look better than it was last quarter and there was some strength in the overall numbers. But that’s baked into the guidance and I think if you look at various people’s commentary last quarter, April was good and May was good and then June fell off. So I think people make these adjustments through the quarter and better a July doesn’t necessarily mean better end of September for us or anybody else because customers can correct that anytime in the quarter. Sometime people place bookings earlier, so whatever product they need for the quarter they have commitment from the supplier that they will get the product for their needs and then easy for them to cancel or slip it out, that I don’t needed in September, give it to me in October then to have a situation where they don’t place the order and September quarter comes and needs something and somebody’s lead time is more than four weeks and they can’t get it. So customer seem to have very little penalty for getting their queue in line, almost no penalty. So therefore, it's not unusual for the first quarter sometime to see stronger bookings only to get corrected later on. And I would not reach so much into it for anybody.
Steve Sanghi: I think, I resigned from the forecasting business last year, you might recall that in November. I am not going to make that comment looking forward for the industry. If we just look at ourselves, we think we gave you September quarter guidance already, December [technical difficulty] is seasonally a weak quarter for Microchip and really also for the industry. Considering this correction happening in June and September, what would manifest for December, it's kind of hard to see right now. But as we go through the quarter, one could make a guess that December quarter should not seasonally be weak because ordinarily December quarter is followed by a very strong June and September. This time it is not. But I am not making that prediction today. I got to see the quarter. I got to see the bookings, the backlog, everything else and talk about it later maybe as we go on the road. The biggest leverage here short-term is really improving Micrel's business and I think there is a fair amount of opportunity for us to do that, and largest leverage comes from the fab. There is 30% utilization in the fab and we dramatically lower its cost by transferring product and the first five products will be running out of Microchip's fab in about six weeks.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we have substantial line in place, which we did that earlier in February. And we have constantly -- a good of number of companies in our funnel that we are constantly talking to, dating with, analyzing and there's no guarantee, these things are not schedulable at any given point in time, and sometime it takes longer for a deal to materialize, other time it's shorter. But yes, we still have appetite for the next acquisition, no question about it.
Steve Sanghi: Well, let me comment on the utilization. First of all, the Gresham factory in Oregon is a newer factory and in a newer factory we need a -- once in a five years we need a major shutdown to repair things that can't be repaired while the factory is running. And that shut down has been previously scheduled for a year for this October and that shutdown usually is about seven to eight days you have to shut the factory and we reserve for it going into that shutdown, and it's planned shutdown, we have to do it every once in a five years. We are currently planning to tack on a few more days to it to bring the inventory down because the factory will be shut down anyway and rather than starting and staffing it will be best to extend that a little bit. Then the factory in Tempe is a much older facility and doesn’t have as many redundancies built into it and the Tempe facility [technical difficulty] we always do that in December, over the holidays. So this time again we will have a shutdown in Tempe facility over the holidays and we are planning to tack on a few more days to that to correct our inventory. So you will see our internal inventory rise in the September quarter, but then it corrects because we got shutdowns in both factories in the December quarter.  The normal shutdown, we accrue it over four quarters, balance over the year but the extra shutdown days we're going to do will charge it to the current quarter. Basically in the quarter it happens which will be the calendar Q4. So Q4 gross margin would be impacted, I don’t know whether Eric is able to dollarize it at this point in time and whether it will GAAP or non-GAAP that would be a one-time phenomenon.
Steve Sanghi: So we don’t breakout 16 bit and 32 bit as you may recall from about two to three quarters ago but we did present in April, where the market share results were and we had significant growth in market-share in each of 8 bit, 16 bit and 32 bit. So we look at the market as a continuum off solutions that I needed in many cases an 8 bit is good enough, in some cases it's a 16 bit and in another cases it's 32 bit. And we see growth opportunities in all three of them both in terms of the applications and the markets that they can go into. So our view is that that is growth that is taking place and then there is growth yet to be had in all three segments we’re not looking at 8 bit to save us or 32 bit to save us or 16 bit to save us all three of them we expect will grow.
Steve Sanghi: So that’s a good question. So we bought Supertex on April 1, 2014 and we closed the Supertex fab in April of 2015 took us about 13 months and that fab was much smaller than Micrel fab is, Micrel fab is larger, it's a larger company than Supertex. But we learned a lot doing Supertex and we were able to do that in 13 months. So we’re mounting a much larger team and we’re going to transfer the products at more than twice the rate than actually we transferred the products from Supertex fab into and the basic difference between whether it's a year or two years is, sub-types [ph] of customers, the products from the new fab, products coming out of fab and working first time and you have retreat it, running into any kind of equipment issues, equipments and fabs seem to be different, we believe we can emulate Micrel’s process on our equipment and we are successful in the first couple of processes we are attempting so far. But at any point in time you could run into a challenge and have to then convert a Micrel piece of equipment from 6 inch to 8 inch or buy a new one and have three, four, five months delay in getting that equipment. So there are lot of unknowns, lot of unknowns, that’s why we gave this band of a year to two year. My desire is 11 months, but I don’t get everything I desire, I think it's going to be somewhere between one to two years.
Steve Sanghi: Well, no, so what we do is, there always -- especially in analog there lots of products that needs one fab run every two years. And those products don’t make sense to even having mask set, and put the cost of transferring it. So usually on those mask set we build strategic inventory of four years so. So if the product needs a one run a year then you run four runs out of the Micrel fab before you shut it down, now you have four years customer demand, then you've four years to figure it out what are you going to do with it? I build it into our fab or take it to a subcontractor, transfer the equipment, do whatever. So that's what we will do. That's not going to hold up the fab.
Steve Sanghi: And Micrel is a small company as a percentage of Microchips. So even though there will be a strategic transition inventory build on the products we are transferring in and on the products we are not transferring. The products we are transferring here to build some strategic inventory on those too because you got to give the customer time to qualify 8 inch material while they have 6 inch material available, so you will see that strategic inventory build on our balance sheet. But it's not going to be that large compared to the size of the company and it's strategic in nature.
Steve Sanghi: I don’t know if I can decipher anymore, Chris. I mean our business in September quarter based on guidance is worse than last quarter and so is everybody else's. So far the guidance I have seen, their guidance for September is worse than what they accomplished in June. So they've got a little bit spurt in bookings, I saw the spurt in bookings, also in July, my [indiscernible] customers trying to lockup their place in line for September, not any different by -- for us versus anybody else. So I wouldn’t read anything more than that.
Steve Sanghi: I think it’s supposed to give that considering the deal closed two hours ago, so probably just be a little more patient. I think I could even do a better job two weeks from now, but not today. We are cutting expenses. We are letting number of people go as we are merging these divisions there is some high level senior leadership that we do not need. So we're making those changes and we got to dollarize it. We are unable to give you December quarter Micrel guidance, Micrel revenue has been falling for four years and recently has fallen a little harder. And we need to understand that. We need to meet with the distributors. We need to see what Microchip's sales force can do. So I don’t quite trust the guidance that I am hearing from them. So therefore I am not able to give December guidance on it yet.
Steve Sanghi: Well I think the June quarter really wasn’t announced because the acquisition closed and I am not sure I am in a position to say that.
Steve Sanghi: I think China is weak across the board exactly what it was in October, I don’t remember Microchip has been having industrial and I said we believe that another industry correction has begun. This correction will be seen broadly across the industry in the near future and the verbiage led by China, so I’m not sure whether it could be more industrial, but not only industrial. It’s really not that much different than it was back then. China is weak across the Board.
Steve Sanghi: I think if you scan our history of 25 years we began with nothing and competing with some of the largest microcontroller manufacturers in U.S., Europe, Asia and Japan. When we were $100 million microcontroller business we competed with people who had billion, Freescale and NXP and Renesas and others. So I am not sure scale is necessarily a total advantage. We have won that through our disciplined approach to developing products, to running a very responsible P&L, having a high margin business. We go to market totally different than other people do other people try to seek very large chunks of business that very-very large OEMs which are offering at lower margin and not sticky and our model is at a 100,000 customers, no single customer is larger than 1.5% of our business. So, it’s not necessary that our business is always in the same places. And Renesas hasn’t been able to stop us in years, Freescale hasn’t been able to stop us and they were 100 times larger and them merging with NXP doesn’t really change in IoT for us. I don’t go -- the data deal closes I don’t go to work any different than I did the day before.
Steve Sanghi: Everybody say that and people don’t kind of wake up a numbers nor do we and everybody is putting different stuff into IoT, so it’s kind of very hard to compare it’s wild west. But all make the claim that we have the strongest IoT franchise. You need intelligent microcontrollers, you need RF building blocks, you need Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Bluetooth Light, RF, Zigbi. We have all of them. You need various ecosystems with software and stacks and middleware and all that. We have all that. And we have significant number of cloud partners where you have to ping off to often connect with equipment or whatever. We have the strongest building blocks of anybody. We’re seeing companies that will take all of their microcontroller business combine it with sensors of something and petition that as an IoT business while you could do that. But if a PC is connected to a printer and then microcontroller in that chain, it’s not really IoT. But it’s connected and you can call it IoT, and so I think we gave you a little summary last quarter remember.
Steve Sanghi: [Multiple Speakers] IoT, so it’s really where you truly making an RF connection using it as a Wi-Fi or a Bluetooth or a Zigbi --.
Steve Sanghi: And by that time we may have more understanding of Micrel may be able to tell you more. So I'd love to see you at one of those conferences. Thank you.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, and I think Steve you've answered John's question and I don’t -- at this point in time we're not willing to give guidance for December quarter gross margin. So I will leave it at that.
Eric Bjornholt: I think we said our IoT business was about $275 million annualized growing at a 35% compounded annual growth rate and really to more narrowly define it to be where there is both smart and connected application.
Eric Bjornholt: Or could be Ethernet to it if it’s wired, so its microcontrollers, it’s analog, its memory and its connectivity, all those solutions put together with the software frame work that Steve talked about with security built into it and an ecosystem of third parties that allow the connection to the cloud. So it is an important market, it is one in which we have -- historically had significantly strength because all the companies before you can connect have to have something that is smart. And if you want something that is smart microcontrollers and analog are at the heart of building smart devices.
Eric Bjornholt: We’ll be at the Jefferies 101 conference in Chicago in late August and then the Citi conference in New York in I think September 8th or 9th.
