Steve Sanghi: Well, I think we have been kind of telling you all along that we see the environment to be pretty good and many of the concerns that Street has shown on the environment or in China in the past a year or so, we have been continuously arguing that we were not seeing those, our results were very good, they were good by month and for the whole quarter. So, true, if you take that 1% away our result would still have been about to flat to the September quarter and we have never had a flat December quarter. It’s always down two percentage points.
Steve Sanghi: Well. We're basically using all of our free cash flow created in U.S. for paying the dividend. I mean we're really breaking even on the U.S. cash flow, sometimes you have to borrow little bit from the credit line and all the excess cash generation is all overseas. So there's really no change in the dividend strategy. We'll continue to do what we're doing increase it by just by a smidgen every quarter and majority of the cash will continue to really grow overseas. And none of this has any kind of repatriation dialed in. We don't know what that rule would be and what the new administration will or will not be able to do.
Steve Sanghi: So it basically includes all of that, includes a cost reduction, it includes the gross margin improvement, it includes a reduction in the product cost using some of Microchip's technologies and others. And it includes revenue energy. Basically if we didn't have Atmel, what the result would have been and what are the results total, the difference is the accretion. So it's all included.
Steve Sanghi: Our lead times at all generally normal, there is always pockets here and there, but there's no significant lead time changes.
Steve Sanghi: Right, we don't, maybe to what I'll add to that is, we said on this call that in six months will be at 59% or above gross margin. So that leaves us 1 percentage point away from the gross margin side and the midpoint of our guidance, for operating expenses this quarter is 24.5%. So we're going to make pretty rapid improvement to get there, but we don't want to tie it to a specific date or revenue target.
Steve Sanghi: We probably have some data on it. It’s early not enough time has lapsed. But nothing that I can give it to you verbally on this call, we’ll see if you can include slide and so in some future conference presentation.
Steve Sanghi: So, there are cost synergies posts to go live. So essentially – starting this quarter essentially, most of the Atmel and CPU System goes into the read-only mode only, if not being used. So lot of the costs related to come out – related to that come out – some of them do not come out for the entire quarter, because till we close the quarter announced earning filed a Q and all that we have to keep accessing it. Some of the costs go out for about half of the quarter. Some of the costs go out for about all the quarter. And then the next quarter, they will be even for a longer time. So that’s the first part of your question. The second part of your question is regarding the site consolidation. So we are getting out of the Atmel building, it’s extremely expensive 8 story building right near the airport. Great views and all that, but just extremely unaffordable and expensive compared to any of the microchip properties anywhere in the world. And we’re consolidating all of the remaining Atmel employees into two other campuses we have in San Jose. One is the Micrel campus and other one is a campus where all of our other acquisitions are, SST, SMSC, OG and roving networks and all the other acquisitions, which is on Holger 3 [ph] in San Jose if you’re familiar with it. About half of Atmel employees have already moved to our campuses and the remaining have will move pretty much by the end of February or early March. That building total had I think a $10 million cost per year. And what portion of it is already behind.
Steve Sanghi: So half of it is already behind and in our Q3 numbers. The other half will be no longer in our numbers probably three quarter for this quarter and 100% for the following quarter.
Steve Sanghi: And I think you got most of them. I think we are gaining share in our microcontroller, analog, Wi-Fi, licensing business and other businesses are improving their gross margin, cutting the OpEx, gaining the synergies having a good attach success with all sorts of analog, Wi-Fi products and on the microcontroller and vice versa. I think you’ve got most of them.
Steve Sanghi: So we have been extremely inward focused lately to make sure all this integration goes flawlessly and while we’re doing all that and basically running two companies. The Microchip core performance is not slip and you have seen that that we have performed miraculously in both end. So there is currently not a company in our funnel, I mean, we have to after we complete the Atmel integration and we have to restart the work of really reenergizing the funnel and look at what is available and start to date and try to find something. So right now we can’t give you any update on next M&A.
Steve Sanghi: Well, Chris, we don’t really look at it that way. There are microcontroller business units and there are analog business units and they are funded, they all looking for new products and opportunities, we don’t have a model in mind that we have to drive microcontroller to a given percentage and analog to a given percentage at the expense of the other. So each find its markets and growth and some are connected because of attach and wherever the numbers fall the percentage of analog or percentage of microcontroller is a math, it’s the output, it’s not the input.
Steve Sanghi: Our inventories definitely on the lighter side they are lower than they have been in recent past. But every quarter we have been kind of beating the numbers and honestly not been able to build the inventories we set a target where the inventory would slightly grow and then we ship it all and the inventory does not grow. Last quarter especially we shipped all those product requested by the customers because of the go live shipping out. So that product got shipped otherwise that would have been in the inventory. So if the inventory builds a little bit in the coming quarters we will not be disappointed but we haven’t been able to build them.
Steve Sanghi: So no significant change, I think if you look at our current model for this quarter of 24.5% non-GAAP R&D is about…
Steve Sanghi: Its in the 13% range or so, so whatever model for the revenue you want to use for the year, but 13% and that would be pretty good approximation.
Steve Sanghi: Lot’s of moving parts, mostly blocking and tackling but the completion of the Atmel integration, which means all the duplicate expenses after go live going away, which will be really completely gone away next quarter then you got all the cost savings from Micrel fab into the P&L. Remember we ship in first-in, first-out and we close the fab in the November timeframe. So you’ll see some this quarter, some next quarter, some may even filter into the following quarter. Then as the business is rising the utilization in all of our factories is increasing. In the last couple of months we have increased wafers in essentially all three of our fabs, the wafer starts. So as the number of wafer starts continue to increase with the revenue growing this year there is a higher utilization treating to gross margin, then Ganesh talked about applying our assembly test technology to some of Atmel’s products and bringing them in that would be beneficial doing the same thing from Micrel that thing is continuing. The utilization is also improving backend factories we have three of them now, two in Thailand and one in Philippines, the Philippines one came from Atmel. So its really all those things the pricing increase on Atmel that we have instituted some is done, some is underway, some yet to be done, some customers had stage pricing increase and the last piece doesn’t go effective for a while. The new customers where winning from Atmel products have better Microchip kind of pricing, very old pricing and that’s kind of a gift that keeps giving. So it’s just lots of different things.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think it was the same question asked earlier. Basically we are not changing any of the Board’s decision, but Board has discussed, we're going to maintain our dividend policy that we have today just increasing it by a very nominal amount every quarter like we have been doing and really reserve the majority of our cash for M&A’s which have been so successful. We have added so much accretion and so much of the revenue in profit and market share and all that has come from good number of acquisitions, we have done over the years.
Steve Sanghi: No really, I can’t. We don't share the utilization that way. I don't really have been fingertips or other share it qualitatively, we are improving utilization in all of our three Fab’s and change to all of a three backend manufacturing implements but really not in percentage terms. The percentage is also always misunderstood you try to make a mathematical calculation of utilization going from one number to second number and try to derive that gross margin. It doesn't tend to see really kind of correlate that well that way. This is different complexity of processes and you could be doing a higher value added step outside and being a lower value added up inside and utilization looks higher. But the change may not be as much. So we haven't seen the street decode utilization to gross margin as well, and I think it adds to confusion. So we tend not share it.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean all this is not strictly speaking about Microchip really nothing to say about the overall semi-industry. We're finding that demand environment to be normal. Really I mean if you look at the industry numbers for 2015 and 2016, I believe 2015 industry was low single-digit negative and so the numbers I've seen for 2016 was plus 1% give or take some. And the numbers for 2017, I'm hearing numbers to be positive. So after two years of really flatter down industry, I'm hitting industry numbers to be positive but not giving any personal view on it. When I look at the Microchip opportunities and we see our markets in U.S., Europe, Asia and Japan, I'm seeing market to be normal.
Steve Sanghi: So I think we've always believe that the industrial market is where the true strength of a IoT fits. It's where there are very strong business models for the investments that are required in the IoT infrastructure that's going to be put in. We have many, many designs that I would fit within that category. And we're optimistic how that growth will be a part of our overall growth going forward.
Steve Sanghi: I think from the consolidation – I don't think lead time behavior is any different. And the behavior that’s different is on pricing. There are customers who have recognized that the industry has consolidated, it has changed and how they were able to essentially, molest the supplies before to constantly get lower prices. It's less possible today if supplies are standing up to them. Many customers have realized that in many customers painfully realizing it and not quite accepting it and fighting it, but losing.
Steve Sanghi: Thank you for everybody for attending the conference call. We are pleased to deliver an outstanding quarter. And we'll see some of you on the road as we attend various conferences this quarter. So thank you, bye-bye.
Ganesh Moorthy: We have a multi-quarter plan that looks at different package combinations being brought in for assembly and test. If you go back and look at the last several acquisitions that we've done, they all had a little to know internal capability. And so the percentage of assembly we were doing in-house has come down and the percentage of test we've done in-house has come down. Now we will only bring things back in-house when we find that the cost improvement is significant and the payback in any CapEx we have is within our guideline. And we have plenty of opportunity within that – within those guidelines. And so we are systematically going ahead with CapEx increases. Specifically to build up our assembly capacity in-house as well as the test capability in-house. We have some more advanced test technology that we have deployed on many of our Microchip products that we can bring to bear on the Atmel and micro product lines as well. And so it will be a sustained investment over many many quarters as we bring more in-house capability for assembly and test and bring the cost down in every one of those cases within the return on investment guidelines we have for any CapEx investment.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. There's a big chunk of it which will be – there will be additional improvement that we will make over time. But by and large it's hard to separate out a single element of just assembly or test, overall improvement so we're trying to make that are reflected in the long-term goals.
Ganesh Moorthy: We usually do not provide the revenue level or the timeline at which we achieve that model. It's a long-term model usually it's a little bit out. And you saw in the last couple of times we achieved that rapidly while initial guidance was three or four years away, but we don't clearly provide a granularity on that.
Ganesh Moorthy: There is nothing I can point to in the near-term that results in market share changes from what just described. Obviously as the combination for NXP and Qualcomm complete they will be restructuring actions that will be announced, some of that will create opportunity for us, we’ve seen that in prior combinations as other have gone through. And we expect to gain our unfair share on that. Renaissance is a more of a mystery and lot of their business is really transacted in Japan, Japan is not always the easiest of market for a non-Japanese manufacture to be able to breakthrough. But we have seen Renaissance opportunities outside of Japan and that is not just something recent that has happened ever since the combination of Hitachi, Mitsubishi and then subsequently NEC all have taken place as people will have different challenges with Renaissance from a long-term perspective some of it natural disaster faced, many of it business faced in terms of how they have gone forward.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, I’d maybe add one more thing to that. We’ve got an internal team looking at cost within the wafer fab with the joint factories working together to find the best cost to be able to bring to the table and that’s creating significant opportunity today and into the future of cost that are coming out.
