Steve Sanghi: Well, if I could refer to one report I was reading, I don't want to name the report. But I was reading an analyst report from investment analyst, where I read that for my personal investment. It said, in the last 2 years, in both years, Fed drew the stimulus out of the market right around the April timeframe. And last year, the QE2 ended and then they started it again in September or so with QE3. And the year before also, the housing and a bunch of other stimulus ended. And this report at least pointed a significant finger towards really the reduction of that stimulus, which then resulted into a weakening of the market in the second half. And actually, the GDP was already slowing down. This year, as you look at it in the U.S. market at least, the GDP is actually up from the prior quarter. It's accelerating. And there is no sign at least today of any kind of stimulus to be withdrawn. So that's not my analysis. I'm just reading the analysis from a different report. Now as we see from our own data, the bookings are very strong. They were very strong in the last quarter. We mentioned this at the last conference call also. And as we continue, finished the month of April, it was very, very strong. So currently, there is no sign that this thing will really follow the pattern it followed in the last 2 years.
Steve Sanghi: So you pretty much said it. So one change that has happened in the Microchip business over the years is today, 40% of our business comes from wafers made in the foundry. And this is a result of 2 acquisitions and Microchip's own strategy of really significant number of products that we are sourcing from outside. 100% of SMSC's products are bought from foundries. 100% of SST, Silicon Storage Technology products are bought from outside. And many of Microchip products over the years were, rather than adding expensive equipment inside, we have gone outside. So that change in the mix shift has really added the complexity where today, our lead times are anywhere from 2 weeks to 16 weeks depending on the product. And we make 60,000 different product types. So if you ask me, what's your lead time? There isn't really one number. It is anywhere from 2 weeks to 16 weeks-plus. There are products which are in stock, and you can take immediate delivery. And there are other products, so you will be in line if you ordered them in less than 16 weeks. So yes, we're getting orders out in time for products that have longer lead time. And anytime that happens, there is a drag effect on the other products. Even those products which are available on a much shorter term basis, customer just reads it as, those may go longer lead time also or they place a bulk order in a kit fashion for the outer months. And you tend to get bookings on all different products out in time.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, very, very meaningful change, yes. Obviously, SMSC was acquired in the second half. It was acquired on August 2. So all that impact was since then. And many of our internal products, they have ramped significantly. They were much newer products last year, contributed much smaller portion to our volume. And 1 year later, they are in significantly high volume position.
Steve Sanghi: When employees are on a pay cut and fab employees are on a rotating time off, there's a culture where everyone thinks it's their money. If you spend some money on something superfluous or just want a new computer while the old one still works, you're really spending your own money because the bonuses and pay cut reversal and RTOs and all that depend on the performance. So it's really one of the best cultures, and it creates employees to then really go out of their way in watching expenses and making it an efficient OpEx operation.
Steve Sanghi: So a lot of the longer lead times are not from in-house produced products. A lot of the longer lead times are from foundry products. But a lot of the in-house produced products, we were holding all the inventory in the die stores, where we have really, in the last many quarters, cut back on the production in assembly and test to not really add further value when the inventories were quite high. And as the demand has come very, very strong, we have to move that die through assembly and test. And that's where some of the challenges are in acquiring new capacity, new handlers, new testers and other stuff. And the third piece is on a good number of -- select number of products. The demand has exploded and the products are built inside, but the inventory on those new products were not very high and the demand has exploded, so we're expediting them even inside the factories.
Steve Sanghi: So the mix is not out of kilter. If the mix was out of kilter, then we would be writing off inventory because lots of products will have inventory write-downs while the other products are short. So the mix is really not out of kilter. It's -- anytime when large surge in demand happens, lots of new designs take off. And on those new designs, you couldn't predict how much customer is going to buy because they're newer designs and they were in incubation. And many of those are 32-bit microcontrollers and many of them are dsPIC and 16-bit microcontrollers. That's where the demand has exploded.
Steve Sanghi: So the first part of your question regarding the SMSC accretion, I think we have revised these numbers up at least 2 or 3x now. Basically, the execution has been much better than any sand we had left in there. When you first make the estimates, you are largely making the estimate from looking from outside. And first estimate was actually based on the day we completed the acquisition. So as you get in there, as we got in there, we found significant more fat, a significant more areas of efficiency, where Microchip processes, business processes applied related into a significant -- more efficiencies. So the gross margin is significantly higher than we originally imagined. Operating expenses are much lower than we originally imagined. Therefore, the operating profit overall is much higher at lower revenue. So we had expected higher revenue before. So despite lower revenue, mainly because of the computing market, which has been really weak, despite the lower revenue, all other metrics have improved. And a lot of the internal metrics we have regarding revenue per employee to operating expenses, about anything to gross margins, to operating profit per employee, and various other indicators of rank of managers and VPs and directors and others, all these internal indicators are all turning green from bright red when we started. So I can't quite give you a pictorial view of that. Some of the data is confidential on it. But I have a very good chart on how -- where they indicators were, where we started and quarter-after-quarter, month-after-month, how many of these indicators have turned green.
Steve Sanghi: So the second part of your question is the SMSC acquisition is complete. Are we ready for another major acquisition? We have been ready well before even the acquisition was complete because it's different people executing it versus the people who are finding and doing the analysis. Although, if you know one that's ready and wants to do the deal, let me know, I don't have one.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean, yes, I mean, our 8-bit share is increasing rapidly. Our 8-bit share is up based on SIA data substantially over Q1 last year. It grew every quarter last year. It's up substantially over Q4. Some of the people that have broken their numbers out, including one we just heard yesterday, their 8-bit was down substantially. Sequentially, Microchip's 8-bit was up sequentially from December to March. So our 8-bit is doing very, very well. Don't think negative about 8-bit. 8-bit is resilient, doing very well, we're gaining tremendous share. It has very high gross margins. It's a tremendous contributor to profitability.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's basically, at the end it's a cost of ownership proposition. But a couple of factors that go into that. One, we develop technologies around those business plans that are fairly large business plans, which means we will develop the mainline technologies on which we will do a lot of business. But as the company gets larger, you have a lot of small business plans. We need a little DMOS. We need a little bipolar. We need a little something else. I need a little high voltage. I need something else. So when you start to develop all these versions of technologies for all these splinter groups and small acquisitions and all those in the company, those are not cost-effective necessarily always to develop them inside. So we pretty much go find a foundry who is doing those technologies and we get those. And the second piece is, when you really go deep into lithography, where the equipment becomes very, very expensive into 12-inch wafers, then we are going predominantly outside. Microchip's both fabs are 8-inch, and they will remain 8-inch. So when we really need very deep lithography that's only available on 12-inch, we're going outside.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I don't know if I can claim expertise on the Chinese economy. I read the same data that you read. I have a little more view from our own business standpoint or embedded control regarding what's happening. And the quarter for China was slow, driven by just the weak economy, Chinese New Year, which is always a down quarter, and the change of government, 10 year, a decade change. Every decade the government changes there, which has recently come in. Now what they are talking about are really a new round of stimulus and really trying to accelerate the economy somewhat. And when China does that, a fair amount of money often goes into the hardware goods where our products are. A lot of it goes into appliances, household appliances, TVs, automobiles and other stuff, which really has a lot of Microchip consumption. So if anything like that happens, which looks like its likely to happen, then we will be significant beneficiary.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean, we have a very good touch business. We do business with over 1,000 touch customers in production, always has been. But our business characteristics is such that Microchip defends a very, very broad beachfront. We're not a touch company. We're not a motor control company. We're not a computing company. We're not a cell phone company. We participate everywhere with a very, very broad set of characteristics. So therefore, we don't really talk about any single application because there's just too many to talk about. Every once in a while, we throw something out and most people just think, hey, that's our focus. And we have a large portion of the business in that area, which is not true. The difference in touch is, with our touch, we're not pursuing cell phones and pads. Our touch is in automotive. Our touch is in industrial. Our touch is in printers, on touch screens, on various buttons and wheels and stoves and industrial equipment and household equipment. That's where our touch is. Margins are 2x higher than our competition or more. There are smaller volumes in a given design. They're support intensive, but Microchip is structured around being able to provide that. We don't go compete in a 20 million unit design in a cell phone. But we sell well over 20 million units in lots of small, small and mundane applications in the industrial and automotive and consumer world.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the letter is not to create an order pattern. The letter is in response to a order pattern. So for several weeks, prior to the letter, we were getting a large amount of orders and some of the lead times had pushed out, and we talked about lead time earlier in the conversation regarding products made in foundries to some other products which are ramping very hard. So when that starts to happen, the letter is essentially giving all of our other customers a notice because Microchip has a very broad, 80,000 customers, very broad customer base. So it's to give a notice to every other customer and saying, "This is what's happening in our industry. This is what we are seeing. Please make sure that you have your orders in either at your distributor or at Microchip wherever you buy the parts from and take notice that this is happening." And usually, we didn't see any change in the pattern after that. But the pattern continued for quite a while and is continuing. It is possible that without the letter, the whole thing could have softened a little bit. And we know maybe after those customers were placing the order have placed their orders. But then when the other customers will come later on, they wouldn't have the orders in line, and they will go delinquent, their line is down. So it's a notice to the other customers, which then customer after customer then get on the bandwagon and are placing their orders which keeps the momentum rolling for an extended period of time, which is really what has happened.
Steve Sanghi: I don't know whether you were on the call earlier on or you just signed in. But we talked quite a bit about the lead times. Microchip's lead times are anywhere from 2 weeks to 16 weeks-plus. And there's no single number I could give you for lead time. Across the 60,000-plus products we make, the lead time is really product-dependent depending on where the product is made, whether it's made in foundry, whether it's made inside, whether we have die inventory on that product, only have to test it, or we have to start from scratch making wafers. So the lead times are all over the place. Lead times have not changed since the start of this year.
Steve Sanghi: The point of that data was that in the prior quarter, we shipped more units than we built. So we were in the inventory depletion mode. And now, with the growth guidance we have given, you have to build more units. Plus, you -- I can't deplete them anymore, inventory is already low in our back end. I have to build more units to grow the inventory, plus I have to make up for the units I depleted last quarter. So it's just to give you a feel for -- ties into lead times also a little bit. We're having to grow the units 11% just to provide the growth we have guided, plus the units we depleted last year, from last quarter from the finished goods, replenish those, plus not deplete anymore and actually build some. And we have given you a range of guidance. So anytime we build, we build so that we can provide more than the middle point of the guidance.
Steve Sanghi: We don't really think much about yen. We don't really buy stuff from Japan. We don't have any factories there. We ship product in Japan, but our pricing to our distributors is in dollars. So our products may become more cost-effective or less cost-effective based on yen. So if the customer has our design versus Renesas' design, they might see that difference, but most of our products that are sold in Japan are all proprietary. So it's not been a major discussion at Microchip when yen changes.
Steve Sanghi: Well, quite a bit. So we're finding that SMSC's USB and Ethernet products and other common products have homes in lots and lots of Microchip sockets where we are shipping our microcontroller, serial and other products. And they were either using somebody else's Ethernet or they can add additional capability by having that connectivity. In addition, lots and lots of USB sockets, where they have large customers, many of them we did not do business with and we're finding that they need a memory or they need an analog or they need a microcontroller. And a lot of these things have design cycles and design cycle for anything these days is about 1 year, 1.5 years. So SMSC acquisition is less than 1-year old. So there is not a lot of retained revenue, although there is some, but there's a lot more coming in future.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we just want to thank all the investors and analysts for joining this call. We will see some of you on the road this quarter at some of the shows and conferences and all that. Otherwise, we will talk to you next quarter in another earnings call. Thank you.
James Eric Bjornholt: It's really just great expense control across the board. We've indicated that -- how we share information with our employee base about the state of the industry and expense control. And I'd say, all employees across the company really stepped up and helped us deliver much better performance in the operating expense area. So not much else I can share outside of that other than it was a collective effort of the entire Microchip team.
James Eric Bjornholt: Right. So just to add on to that real quickly. I want to really emphasize the point that Steve made earlier about 40% of our products being from outside foundries. And lead times from our foundry partners have extended also. So that has compounded this. And we've taken appropriate steps to build that inventory back up in the June quarter. And you can see that in our guidance for inventory. Even though the internal inventory is coming down, the foundry product will go up and allow us to have competitive lead times.
James Eric Bjornholt: So there's many factors that influence gross margin, including the mix of revenue from our various product lines, fixed cost absorption, factory loading levels, inventory reserves and just general competitive and economic conditions. So after considering those various gross margin factors for the June quarter, we're guiding non-GAAP gross margins to be up to 56.5% to 57%. As our inventory position gets rightsized, we can increase our factory output, which will help us improve our gross margins, and we will see some margin improvement from SMSC over time. So our long-term margin stays intact at 60%, plus or minus 0.5%, and we will get back to those levels as we increase utilization over time.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes. We don't break out a specific capacity utilization percentage. We do have plenty of capacity in our factory to support both the short term and long-term requirements of the business. It's just quite a mix today. We talked about earlier about 40% of our business being outsourced in wafer fab. And what we're doing internally coming off the rotating time-off schedules effective July 1. So it's just a lot of moving parts. I can assure you, we have plenty of capacity to grow into internally, though.
Ganesh Moorthy: There are a broad suite of applications in which we're designed in that are continuing to grow. We're getting multiple designs in these applications with these customers. It's too broad of a range to be able to pick any one item to say that's what's driving all the growth. And I think that the strength of the business is, it is not dependent on any one application or any one customer for its growth. It's pretty broad-based.
Ganesh Moorthy: We never sell, based on ARM versus MIPS or everything else on the core. We're going in to customers to understand needs or identifying alternatives, and we propose solutions that are PIC microcontroller-based solutions. That includes the product, includes the development tools, includes the roadmap, includes our software, includes our support. What a customer buys is our ability to solve their needs for today and for tomorrow. And the talk of an ARM core versus a MIPS core versus some other core never comes up.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, there are 10, 15 different attributes that are important to the customer. There may be a few for whom the core may be important, but there's a lot more for whom their success is what's important.
Ganesh Moorthy: So BodyCom is a new innovation. We are working with a set of customers to get it adopted and implemented in production. But like most embedded solutions, they take time to be adopted, to be designed and to go to production. So don't expect an instantaneous spike in revenue from BodyCom. It will take time, but it will be like many of our solutions we brought over the years. Where we bring them to market, help customers be successful and ramp the volume.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, I mean, I think you're right. SMSC did have a strong automotive product line and a very proprietary one at that. They also had the added advantage of influencing designs at an architectural level with the carmakers and not just working with the Tier 1s that most semiconductor companies work with, but with the Tier 1s customer, end customer who are OEMs. And in that, we're getting insight into how those platforms are evolving over time and how other Microchip solutions can be proposed and included as the early stage design of platforms are taking place. But as you noted, these are long design cycles. You won't see any of it in the next 1, 2, 3 years. It'll take time before they are done, go into production. But slowly but surely as with all of our other embedded models, these are our long-term growth initiatives.
