Ganesh Moorthy: It's a great question. I think they are just quarter-to-quarter timing, if you look at our June quarter results, microcontrollers were super strong in that quarter. We had more constraints that hit the microcontroller business in the September quarter. I wouldn't look at anything  I don't want to one-quarter basis.  Businesses, microcontroller as well as Analog are doing extremely well and I expect both of them will have nice growth as we go through the December quarter. There is no customer slowdown on one product line and the other product line. They're all constrained, they all have a substantial unsupported exiting the quarters.
Ganesh Moorthy: So firstly, the 6% growth is a December quarter midpoint of guidance that we have. We're not making predictions for quarters beyond the December quarter. What we do see is enough capacity coming online. We have line of sight to what we're doing internally. We have line of sight to what we are working with our partners, so that we expect that every quarter, for the next four quarters, including December in it, we’ll have the opportunity for supply side growth.  And right now, there's enough and more demand for all those quarters. It's really a matter of bringing their supply on and we don't see any major risks and being able to bring capacity on. There's always timing of pieces of equipment for a given factory, but that all comprehended in the way we're thinking about it. As we have gone along through this year, almost every month, we've been able to bring on something incremental in the capacity, which is why you've seen every quarter we've been able to show sequential growth in each of the quarters.
Ganesh Moorthy: Firstly, I don't know all the different programs different people have and so I won't try to contrast with what we're doing. What we know in talking too many of our key customers, who really by the way drove how we designed and implemented this system, the PSP program, is that it is 1. Seen as highly valuable, 2. That it has grown over time, and 3. It continues to not only be strong, but people want to extend that PSP outlook.  We have 12 months as our standard backlog requirement for it. There are people placing beyond 12 months, honest. And I think everybody is recognizing that the semiconductor content and the products that they are making are extremely important to their achieving the innovation in their products, their growth objectives, and therefore are much more in the mode of making sure that they have that thought through in the demand they place on us.  And because it is non - cancellable, I also expect, and I believe every one of them is putting thought into where to have PSP backlog and where not to have PSP backlog, given by the strength of their business and the views they have for their growth.
Ganesh Moorthy: But it's absolutely not the only place where there are constraints. Constraints on an industrial  communications infrastructure and data center in the home appliances and even in parts of defense and aerospace. And so all end markets are finding that there is needs and there is demand and excess of what they had thought of a year ago. And we see these constraints in all end markets.
Ganesh Moorthy: There are two sides of that equation. There's one side of that equation which is supply, and the other side of that equation is demand. If you look a year ago where we were, to where we are today, despite having brought significant supply online, we are farther behind in terms of the constraint or the unsupported that we have. And that's because demand grew even faster than the supply did.  I don't know how 2022 is demand picture, and we have a good sense of our own supply and what we're doing. But how the demand picture will change and when that will change, I don't know. But at this point in time, if you judge by how much unsupported did we have every quarter, exiting each quarter, we've had five quarters in a row where we produced more, but had more unsupported exiting the quarter. And I am fully expecting that exiting December, it will be the 6th consecutive quarter where that's going to happen.
Ganesh Moorthy: So it's a multi-variable equation. It's hard to break out exactly what is from price and what is from capacity. We do have -- clearly what we're doing on the capacity side of adding more wafers to be able to run either in our fabs and our partner’s fabs, adding more assembly and test capacity, and so there is a significant amount of unit growth that we're expecting going into 2022 and into 2023.  The pricing for us is largely to be able to pass along cost increases that we're seeing, and to make sure that -- we usually will bunch them rather than try to do it on a regular basis. And -- so we wait to see how cost increases are coming into us, bunch of together at some point in time, and then pass on the price increase. But the exact mix of car -- or price increase versus unit thing I don't have, there is a significant amount of unit growth going into next year.  As far as what happens far down time, I don't get the sense that input costs are going down and that pricing has to come down out in time. Things like the labor costs that have been going up, those are in -- they're not coming back down. A lot of the costs for material and equipment are requiring companies, not just us, but even our supply chain, to have significant capital spending to be able to not just expand factories, but build brand-new factories.  And the cost structure when you are involved there are quite significant as well. So it is my belief that these price increases are here to stay. and at least to stay for a fair amount of time into '22 and '23.
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, it's a little early to put all that together. Some of the power changes were really in the late September time frame. The effects of Evergrande or any of the other ones when it percolates down to the rest of the chain that's involved there takes some time. There is no discernible end market color we have to provide on China. We continue to have enough demand and excess of supply that even if some of that demand were to soften, we still have a lot of unsupported demand for China today.
Ganesh Moorthy: The integration of Microsemi is substantially complete. There are some small amounts on the business systems, and maybe I'll let Eric speak to it.
Ganesh Moorthy: So it's done outstanding for us and I think all the results we had hoped for and more have been delivered.
Ganesh Moorthy: Of course, as we win those customers coming over to us because we are able to help them, we're also getting long-term commitments from them to stay with Microchip beyond the cycle.
Ganesh Moorthy: The PSP by product line isn't particularly different. By end market, certainly that our end markets with more demand certainty, more demand durability. There are certain customers who have more financial capability to go behind the commitments that they are making with PSP. And those customers, and that end -- those end markets do have a higher proportion of the PSP backlog that we have.  What a given customers rationale for not doing it can be any number of things. Either the markets or the financial strength could also be their view of, do they or don't they need to be in the program? I can tell you that everybody who has signed up a PSP is getting priority and is seeing results that are to their benefit in a highly constrained environment where demand far exceeds supply. And we're leaving unsupported, going out of every quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Our standard non - cancelable window is 90 days. Almost by definition, if somebody was asking for product in this quarter that we could not fulfill, it is all non - cancelable. PSP adds a second dimension of 12 months of non - cancelable on a rolling basis that customers would have. PSP backlog, which is significantly over 50%, is all 12 months of non - cancelable. Plus, anything non - PSP, in the next three months, is also non - cancelable.
Ganesh Moorthy: To your first question. The PSP program is a priority for delivery, has nothing to do with pricing. Pricing is what we would need to make adjustments to, when there are reasons to make those adjustments based on input costs going up. So there is no guarantee of fixed pricing being part of the PSP program. On your second question with respect to input costs, there are certain input costs which are structurally in, for example, labor costs that go in.  Now, perhaps in time as factories scale and size, they would get amortized over more units. But right now, labor cost is going up. And you don't take labor costs down when the cycle begins to change, that our material costs and maybe some of the material costs could be more driven by with the cost of the commodity involved, topper, etc., are going to be and we don't know how those will change.  And then there are equipment costs as we buy them, we're we have in the past, to grow our capacity, typically been buying used equipment at discounted prices. In the current environment, where all fabs are full, all capacity is full, that is not available option to us. We are paying more expensive, or buying more expensive equipment to be able to outfit the capacity growth that we need.  And that will of course stay in structurally as well. But scale will help with some of that costs and how it gets amortized. But I don't fundamentally think pricing is going to change given all these moving parts and that's the general sense I get from all of our supply chain partners and how they're thinking about it, and what the input variables are to them as they look at what pricing they're going to be doing.
Ganesh Moorthy: We view pricing as a strategic exercise, not a tactical exercise. We don't subscribe to trying to raise prices just because we can. These are proprietary products. Our customers entrusting us to be able to make their designs 2 years before they go to production. And they need to have the understanding that pricing will be thought of in a long-term perspective. And so we do the changes this year or we did the changes this year only because of the significant increase in input costs.  But on an ongoing basis, we do not view pricing as something to tactically go changes, not a commodity product like memory products might be. These are proprietary products with strategic engagements and long-term relationships with customers, and their trust that we expect to be able to maintain. Let Steve answer the second half.
Ganesh Moorthy: We also have outside manufacturing, right? So it does not have some of the same factory benefits as when we do it inside. So there are a lot of different pieces of this puzzle. And so, I would not draw a straight line through whatever equation that you had for the last 3 or 4 quarters.  I think there are many more puts and takes that will give you more guidance on kind of how we see things for the longer term. But we have had good success in the last 3, 4 quarters that you've seen in the results we posted.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's an 8-inch trailing edge technology that we see having lots of legs for many years in key end markets and with key customers that the products are built on. The appetite to invest, there are the priority invest there did not rise to the level to make that investment from our partners.  And so we worked to get it licensed and to be able to do it ourselves, very consistent with what we said last time and this time, that we will be increasing our capacity investments in trailing edge technologies, where our partners do not see the same opportunity to invest. But we see that opportunity and priority for what we do. So that's all that it represents.
Ganesh Moorthy: You have a number of questions on what you asked and not all of them necessarily are linked. So first of all, bookings have been strong, remains strong, but we also have so many backlogs in front of us that bookings are not necessarily the best indicator for where strength of the business is.  Unsupported can come both from a business that is -- something which is booked inside of the quarter. But more often than not, what is happening is that people are pulling in their requirements. So it's already backlog
Ganesh Moorthy: We have and people would like to get it sooner than we can provide it to them, and so a lot of factors that go into that unsupported. But the bottom line is, that whatever we are able to produce and the growth that we're able to deliver, despite it being 26% year-over-year, is far from what is required to meet what customers are telling us what they want in a given quarter.  And that keeps squeezing out and we keep shipping more every quarter and we'll squeeze some more out in the several subsequent quarters that we can't ship into this quarter. And it just reflects how demand is continuing to outstrip, or the demand growth is continuing to outstrip the supply growth for multiple quarters. And we do not see a bending of that curve through much of 2022.
Ganesh Moorthy: For multiple quarters, you've seen that the end market demand has been higher and the GAAP revenue that we've had. The difference at this quarter is small. Distribution inventory still continue to decline by one day. In this case, there's nothing meaningful in that number for this quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Well, thank you, everyone for attending. We look forward to providing you a lot more insight on Monday, when we have the Investor and Analyst Meeting. And we will be doing some of the circuit during the quarter as well for other investor meetings. Thank you.
Eric Bjornholt: I really don't. I mean, just -- and Ganesh mentioned that earlier, but our unsupported backlog, that's -- it's both split between direct and distribution. So distributors would love to have more products and we're just not able to supply at this point in time. So I think it will be challenging, but it's hard to predict.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. So I mean, there's still some business system integration to go I would say from a cost perspective or synergy perspective that's relatively small. The things that we continue to work on which are ongoing stories are going to be TSS, or Total System Solutions, for the products that we've acquired from Microsemi, and the sales and business units are working very hard on that and we're getting good traction.  And the other piece is ongoing manufacturing integration, which just takes time. And some of that is bringing more assembly and test in-house. And some of that will be looking at some of the smaller factories over time and how that can play out to bring some cost improvements to us over multiple years. But other than that, most of the benefit is in the P&L already.
Eric Bjornholt: To make sure this is clear, the unsupported backlog is both PSP backlog and non - PSP backlog. So, there's a lot of unsupported that is in the PSP program. We just can't meet the commitment. The requested committed 
Eric Bjornholt: So Matt, maybe I can -- expand a little bit on Ganesh 's first point on pricing, just to explain how it works. So if we have a price increase, the customer has 5 days once that price increase goes out to make the decision, do they want to accept that price increase or not? And if they don't accept the price increase that comes back to Microchip and does Microchip choose to ship it at a lower price, or do we reallocate that capacity when there's so much capacity on the books when customers are screaming for product to another customer.  And what we've seen, what we've had price increases, is that there has been hardly any consumers that cancel their orders or choose not to accept the price increase because they understand the situation on the supply side.
Eric Bjornholt: So I'll start with CapEx. So CapEx, as I indicated, is the forecast is between $350 million and $400 million for FY'22. In our investor and Analyst Day next Monday, we will give you some parameters in terms of how to think about CapEx and percentage of revenue on a go-forward basis, but again, not going to take away from that messaging today.  We haven't given a FY'23 forecast as of yet. And overall, it will depend on what the shape of the demand picture looks like and how our capacity is coming in and what is needed in the business to support customers.
Steve Sanghi: I would like to add that automotive tends to have the largest megaphone, so they make the most noise. People think that the constraints are the biggest in automotive. That is definitely not true. We're seeing similar constraints in the industrial market and consumer markets and other places, but just automotive gets talked about more.
Steve Sanghi: So, if you recall, back in May-June of 2018, when we acquired Microsemi, we've guided to a run-rate earnings per share of $2 per share, three-years out. So now we are three-years out -- there's three years and one quarter, and we just announced to earnings of dollars 7, which is splitter, just $2 to $2.14 pre-split, versus a $2 guidance we had given as a target 3 years ago.  So we essentially have completely delivered on that promise in the middle of substantial issues for our most of that period, including an inventory correction in the late 2018, followed by U.S.-China trade tensions which affected our industrial business, consumer business, and others, followed by 2020, the year of COVID, which also created a lot of issues and all the COVID constraints, some of them are continuing. Followed by a strong demand cycle that we're seeing right now. So a combination of all these things, we still have delivered on that Permian --
Steve Sanghi: So Chris, I think lead time is not one number for the Company, across our 100,000 plus skills, we have products that are available in 4 weeks, and there are products that are not even available in 52 weeks. So, people talk about an average lead time terms. But I don't think it's fairly very meaningful. It's like putting one foot in icy water and another foot in boiling water, and creating the average and think a percentage is comfortable.  We have lots and lots of products where the product is available earlier, but we have lots and lots of products which are not available even in a year. We do not know the lead time of every single competitor on every single part, because their situation is similar where the lead times are different across products.  But given all that, I think when you look at the totality of results, our year-over-year growth compared to many of our competitors, and our last quarter and the current quarter guidance, it clearly shows we are gaining share. I think that we can see. Now, do we have customers from other companies were not able to get products coming to us for help? Yes, lots and lots of them. Are we able to help them all? No, but we're able to help some of them or many of them.  You could also have a situation where somebody who is not able to get product from us, seeking product from one of our competitors. That's only natural, and I'm sure they are able to help some of them, if they happen to have a product which is available in shorter lead time. But when you take all the puts and takes, you got to, at the end of the day, look at the overall growth where we're exceeding what we're seeing from the competition, especially in the two markets of microcontrollers and Analog and we're gaining share in both.
Steve Sanghi: Ambrish is that, we don't even have enough supply to meet all the PSP needs. There is a sufficiently even PSP backlog, which is unsupported in the current quarter. And we'll continue to be unsupported for several quarters, will ship the last quarter and supported this quarter.  But some of the current quarter backlog will not be supported this quarter we will support our next quarter. So some of the capacity quoted doors, byproduct, by technology, by fab are so constrained that PSP backlog is over 100% of that capacity.
Steve Sanghi: So, my feeling is that the pricing, wherever the pricing has increased, I do not see that pricing coming down longer term on the proprietary products. On some of the commodity products, if there is a lot of supply becomes available and there is a competition that is able to ship DRAM, or a flash, or NAND.  Those pricing may come down, but I don't see pricing on our microcontroller products or analog products, connectivity products, 98% of what we make is largely proprietary, those prices to come down, because when you look at the components of the pricing, the -- I don't see that fabs are going to lower the wafer cost, outside, because they're making huge investments because of shortage and that equipment is being placed in -- now.  And what would be the reason to lower the price later? The -- if the commodity prices come down, there is a small component of the overall costs where that will come down. And as Ganesh mentioned earlier, the label cross-sell are not likely to come down. The assembly test costs are not likely to come down. Our internal fabrication and other costs are not going to come down.  We're paying more for the equipment and that structurally stays in the cost structure. So I don't really see that the price increases that were passing onto their customers are temporary in nature, nor are we giving that kind of impression to our customers. I think they're largely there to stay. Could there be a minor adjustment here and there if there was a significant cost downwards from the input cost perspective? Then it's possible, but I don't really see it.
Steve Sanghi: And even the insight factories, the gross margin goes up -- incremental gross margin is much higher when you're going from under-utilized factories to full utilization. Once you're at full utilization, and you're adding capital which you are adding depreciation, then you're shipping that product, the incremental gross margin is not as high as you would think. Remember, we also ship first-in, first-out.  So even when the factory becomes full, under-utilization goes away, you're still shipping product which you built earlier, when the utilize -- the increasing capital wasn't added. Now we're adding incremental capital to grow the capacity and that depreciation comes in.  Therefore, the incremental gross margin is better than the average because you're utilizing the factory better, the management, fixed infrastructure, the ecosystem the water, they air, everything else; you are using it more efficiently. So there is incremental gross margin, which is higher than corporate. But your metric of what it has been in the last four quarters may not stay.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's basically constrained by distribution inventory. They don't have much to ship. What they have left is really all slower moving slots. They need a lot of new product from us to be able to increase the end-market demand, and in some cases, some of the product has been prioritized to PSP customers and there is more direct PSP backlog than the distribution backlog.  Significantly, more direct customers have gone PSP than through distribution. So therefore, much more of the product has been skewed towards direct customers, and distribution would like more, but there is no capacity. So I think that would limit --
