Ganesh Moorthy: So there are various components of the CHIPS Act and the rules of engagement of how they will be handed out are going to be different. So the most obvious one is the investment tax credit. And for any capital expenses and factories that are built, et cetera, that is the first thing that we think will take effect, and it’s probably the end of the year or the beginning of next year before that comes into effect, and that’s a 25% investment tax credit. There are then grants that are for both manufacturing and for R&D. And we have opportunities on both of those with the expansion plans that we have and some of the R&D programs that we are pursuing. But honestly, it’s too early because those are not quite clear yet in terms of how the requirements will be in that. We have, of course, been engaged with both Department of Commerce and Department of Defense for many months, with to give them an understanding of what the aligned interests are between what we are planning to do, are interested in doing and what the government sees as natural security imperatives. And so we expect that as that rolls out, we’ll have more to share, but not at this point in time.
Ganesh Moorthy: So on your last question, the order volatility we see is sporadic. It’s very small, and it is well, well below the unsupported orders that we have, and they are easily substitutable with other orders we have. And we have indicated that the unsupported is in excess of what we are shipping. So, you can see the backlog would have to be cut by more than half just to get to where we’re at. And that’s a far, far cry from where today’s activity is taking place.
Ganesh Moorthy: So it’s not an easy way for us to break out pricing versus the increased number of units. Obviously, we have a component of both that go into it. On the units, we have a component, which is what are we doing from our own factories and then we have components of what are we trying to do and get from our partners. And what is coming from our factories, we at least have plans and things that we can measure what comes from our partners we can have upside sometimes that are unexpected that help us. So it is very clear, we’re shipping more parts. And there is a component of price that is included – the price increases we have made are to offset cost increases that we have experienced. And so the primary driver for us is to grow by growing units, not by growing price. Okay. We should move to the next question.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yeah. So for our internal factories, we have been investing in CapEx for many quarters. We made progress in our backend factories first because it was a shorter cycle time and easier to bring on. We have been making progress on our front-end factories and still have many quarters of capacity that we think we can bring on as we are able to get equipment. And some of the equipment that we have needed has been delayed as being able to hire people. And it has been harder in some prior quarters, but we're getting better in terms of being able to fill our positions in the factories, et cetera. So clearly internal capacity is growing and helping us support some of the backlog that we're unable to support at this point in time. We have had incrementally more constructive capacity improvements from our external partners, although it is still very small in the grand scheme of what we need in terms of that. And we are hopeful that some of perhaps the weaknesses that may be out there in other segments will in fact help free up some of the capacity we need, although there's not an exact mix between where things are getting freed up and where things are that we require, but I think incrementally it will be constructive and positive for us.
Ganesh Moorthy: Nothing perceptively changing. If you look at PSP as a percentage of our total backlog, it's pretty rock steady within about one percentage point through pretty much the last 13, 14 weeks of time. So it's certainly a good indicator. We pay attention to and we are watching where that is going. I think the strength of our business also is driven by the end markets we're exposed to. And what is out there today where you see many of the concerns and people who are seeing weakness, it's predominantly in consumer driven segments. And so whether that is consumer PCs, consumer mobile phone, consumer electronics, et cetera. And we have no consumer PC exposure. We do have enterprise PC exposure. It's very strong. We have almost no phone exposure. Our consumer appliances are – we don't have consumer electronics so to speak, we do have home appliances and they could be a part of it, but it's such a small piece of our overall thing. So our end market exposure, we're very fortunate to have very durable markets and I think Eric wants to add a comment to it as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I had outlined multiple points that help us with a soft landing. So you mentioned PSP, which is clearly one part of the demand cycle. I think we have in the last six months also been adding to that with some long-term supply agreements, which bolster the demand side of the equation, even farther than just what PSP did. We've talked about how large unsupported is and how that continues to provide a buffer against any ups and downs that may be there in the shorter-term. We will, with any slowing down that we might see use that as an opportunity to rebuild what is a supply chain running on fumes, right? We have our internal die banks and finished goods inventories that have been substantially depleted. While you see some of our days of inventory perhaps moving a little bit up, a lot of that has come from the change in gross margin and really raw materials and end-of-life product that we're buying. On an ongoing basis, to be healthy, we need to be able to run with more inventory, both with our channel partners and our internal factories. All of that will continue to provide absorption and gross margin protection in whatever happens in the cycle. And then we've talked about our capital intensity coming down, coming below the range, again, from a cash preservation standpoint, cash generation standpoint, that will help. And then finally, on the OpEx side, we've always had a large variable compensation element that gives us a large buffer for how we can have expenses come in or out during the different cycles. And I think those are all the elements that give us the comfort on a soft landing, which is to ensure that what we're able to do in terms of our gross margin, our operating margin, our cash generation. All remain strong through whatever that soft landing requirement is.
Ganesh Moorthy: If anything, as I've mentioned in other calls, we are preferentially helping all of our capital equipment suppliers by providing them semiconductor solutions to the extent they are constrained, so that it helps not just us but helps the industry complete the equipment that they're building.
Ganesh Moorthy: We thank you all for attending and taking time from your day to be in this call. And we look forward to speaking to many of you as well as seeing some of you at some of the conferences we'll be at. So thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. 
