Steve Sanghi: Well, I don't really know if, as we speak, distributors are taking down inventory further, but they have in the last is seven quarters or so through December. We don't really have a guidance for the March quarter on sell-through. We can't really provide both ends of the guidance. It's just too much work. So we are providing the sell-in guidance that we have given you.And in the December quarter when we provided the guidance, we expected that distributors will reverse the trend and will start to build a sound inventory towards normalization. It did not happen in December. We are expecting it would happen again in March, but there is no guarantee. Distributors will do what they will do.I think part of the reason is, for 30 years, our culture at Microchip, in our business unit, sales organization, up and down to the change with the distribution, our conversations with the distributors are winning designs, creating a large funnel and pulling those designs to production and creating sales out. That is how we pay our sales people. That's how we pay our business unit. That's how all the bonuses are structured. And we don't really have a whole lot of conversations regarding what we give into the distribution.That has always been less important to us because we manage our business based on sell-through. So distributors take the inventory what they want to run their business and based on getting returns for their business. In contrast, I think we see many of our peers and competitors are more focus on sell-in revenue recognition where they may make deals to put more product into distribution and arresting the fall of the inventory that way.
Steve Sanghi: I would also add that some time we charge expedite charges for expediting the product. So sometime expedited charges require us to spend weekends, pay over time or pay expedite for shipping, going through hand carry products and all sorts of charge incurred and we often pass those to the customers. It doesn't move the needle in terms of revenue but if somebody wants to expedite the parts, it's not always free.
Steve Sanghi: I am not sure what data it is you are referring to. So we were sequentially down 1.1% on microcontrollers, September to December. If you look at the year-over-year numbers, we are on microcontroller were down about 5%, 5.5%, somewhere in that neighborhood. The story is not written. We don't see any annualized numbers that are out yet. Maybe SIA has some early numbers. We will get that by March, April and we will at the next conference call have the typical Gartner 2019 numbers. There is nothing in our business that has any indication that something was better in the first half and got worse in the second half.
Steve Sanghi: So I think from an end-market perspective, we said that data center has been strong all along and we are seeing startup of a recovery in the industrial market and the automotive market. The communication market remains weak and the appliance market remains weak. And aerospace and defense is kind of always lumpy and it's hard to call.From a geographical perspective, yes, we saw strength in the China market last quarter. But you would see the weakness in China market this quarter, driven by the Lunar New Year and nobody knows what's going to happen with the Coronavirus. So this quarter, you would see stronger U.S. and Europe and weaker China.
Steve Sanghi: I think, Raji, seasonality is still hard to measure where all the acquisitions that we have completed. The events that have happened in the last couple of years, all the trade tensions situation, general economic conditions and now the Coronavirus, prior to that we had a significant inventory correction event on especially the Microsemi inventory. We really haven't finished enough quarters in a healthy business environment to peg a seasonality. So I would think it still remains difficult.
Steve Sanghi: Let me take that and Eric can add to it. First of all, I don't think I have looked at a model which will take the leverage down to 3X in four quarters. That seems awfully aggressive although I don't know what assumption you are making in the revenue growth of the recovery. It will largely depend on that. But basically, yes, we need to bring the debt leverage below a three handle, kind of have it to somewhere in the high twos.Once we get there, then we will still be generating somewhere of the order of well over $1 billion of free cash per quarter and we need to figure out what we do. I mean we haven't been in that situation in quite a long time. You have obvious choices. You could pay down more debt and bring leverage down further. But more preferably, you could increase the dividend. You can start a buyback program and that all assuming that there is not a further M&A possibility.We have said before that we think by the time we come up for air, majority of the companies or smaller company that we would like to buy, probably would have been bought and there isn't as much more opportunity there. But there could be one more possibly. But secondly, we think that the remaining assets are very expensive. There is large amount of M&A bid on them already because every small company is really on sale and we don't really pay that kind of multiple that we have seen paid in the recent deals.Cyprus as well as some other deals, those multiples were way, way too high for our case. If we can not find a reasonable other acquisition, then our focus will switch to other uses of cash, including higher dividend, more stock buyback and possibly some more debt pay down.
Steve Sanghi: The lead times are not at risk short term because we have a fair amount of die inventory and there is a fair amount of capacity slack in the system since the revenues are down year-over-year. The backlog bottomed out some time ago and the total extended backlog is really growing nicely. So when people are taking backlog from June quarter moving into March quarter, that's not putting June quarter at risk. There is higher and higher backlog. The overall backlog is growing. Book-to-bill was strongly positive. So it put a very large amount of total backlog on the system.
Steve Sanghi: And Chris, this phenomenon is not a new one. We have seen it before in prior cycles and we have been seeing it in this cycle. I kind of call it, have your cake and eat it too. So customers will place an order where they are still in the cancellation or push-out window and if they don't want it or if their business is not strong, they can push it out or leave it out. But if their business is stronger and they need it, then they ask us to expedite it. Kind of have their cake and eat it too. It's not a new phenomenon. But we are seeing it quite accentuated right now and that's why I called it out.
Steve Sanghi: I am not seeing any shortages. I mean, China right now is shut down. So you really wouldn't get any data. They were shut down for the Chinese New Year. They are just about coming back. But most provinces have extended it till February 9. But prior to going for the Chinese New Year, no, we were not experiencing any shortages.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we are not giving guidance or commenting on the June quarter, especially in the light of significant uncertainty because of the Coronavirus. Remove those uncertainties and let's say there is no impact and business comes back and the virus is contained rapidly and all that, then your assessment for the June quarter would be correct.
Steve Sanghi: So this is Steve. Let me take that. I think, let's start from the back-end first and we will come to the front-end. The back-end utilization is going up as we speak. And as we ramp, it will continue to go up because we depleted the finished goods. And when the orders are strong, we have got to take the die bank and finish them. So that will continue to have a positive effect on gross margin pretty much starting now.When you look at the front-end, the front-end still has a fair amount of die bank but there also you have got to separate it on the production we do inside versus the production we buy from outside. The inventory on the products we buy from outside was depleted to a lower level and there we are increasing the buy know as we speak. But there is not a utilization impact of that, because that was being done outside.What we were going inside, that's what we had the substantial die bank and I think it will at least take it few more quarters before we have to start increasing the production in our fabs.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. Well, you know, there is always lots of moving parts, mix and on that. But yes, there is a new phenomenon where even in the December quarter, we were depleting finished goods. We were a quarter back-end utilization was lower than the September quarter and the March quarter will be up significantly from the December quarter.I wanted to add one more comment on the question you asked regarding the June quarter seasonality, how it would be in and the comment was made that June quarter will at least be seasonal. I would say, I hope that one of these quarter, current quarter as well as June quarter and September quarter are well above seasonal because the inventory is at so low and if I take any cues from any prior recoveries whether it was from SaaS or it was the recovery from 2009 cycle or any other cycle recovery, usually you have got two or three quarters of well above seasonal recovery that takes the business back to the old heights and then goes from there. So I like to think that any kind of forecast here becomes very conservative.
Steve Sanghi: And a very round number. So once you gain that, you have a significant leverage where the operating expense comes down. Some leverage still remains in integration of Microsemi with all these go-lives and all that are happening which will take another nine months. But once we get all that done, then you have achieved gross margin as well as the operating expense and you have reached the model. Now if your question is, where dies the model go? Do we continue to go higher in gross margin and continue go higher in operating margin? For that, get in line and we will about it when we get there.
Steve Sanghi: And John, I think if you study some of the past cycles, I know you and other analysts are very good at studying the past cycles, what really happens is nobody believes the depth of the downturn. And the estimates will always stay high and they get cut multiple times. In this cycle, the estimates really have been cut four times, not only for Microchip but for the industry and various other players. It could be more than four times.And then when the reverse happens, the estimates always go higher, beat and raise, beat and raise, beat and raise, for many quarters. I have seen this in prior cycles because nobody has the confidence to guess the revenue or guide the revenue to be higher than seasonal. And it continues for many quarters in the other direction. That's what I am hoping for but not guiding to.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we want to thank everyone for attending this call and we are going to about three different conferences, I think, this quarter. So we will see some of you at those conferences. Thank you.
Ganesh Moorthy: I would add one more thing. We always had low lead times on our products. And I think that gives distributors an opportunity to run the inventory to whatever the lowest level they think they can get away with while continue to focus on sell-through. So short lead times give them the opportunity to carry less inventory as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think if you look at the quarter result sequentially and compare it to a very large competitor, I think we substantially outgrew them.
Ganesh Moorthy: Chris, we had expedites in the December quarter where people have placed backlog in the March quarter and pulled it in. You are seeing a stronger March quarter despite that. So as you go into and upward trend in the business, it is not unnatural. We have see it in other cycles where customers start to see their business recovering and wanting to have products sooner than they had originally planned for.
Ganesh Moorthy: So as Steve mentioned, we are starting to see automotive and industrial picking up from the bottom that they were at. They had pretty bad years in 2019. And our expectation is that, barring any outside events as we go through 2020, both those end-markets should see continued improvement.
Ganesh Moorthy: So my comment was for both automotive and industrial. We have talked about data center. It was strong. It will remain strong. We don't see anything that suggests that's different. There maybe some communication market changes that are driven by what happens with Coronavirus. We don't know. But there is a large 5G cycle, investment cycle that's starting. And then as far as a defense and aerospace tend be pretty steady in how it goes. It remains steady with where it's at. And then the consumer cycle, we have yet to see if we will see some benefit. It needs further trade resolution for it to see any significant benefits but nothing new to report on that on the consumer end of the market.
Ganesh Moorthy: First of all, I don't think we had the same pricing discipline issues in Microsemi as we did at Atmel. Microsemi, just to remind you, was gross margins that were right around 60% when we did the acquisition. The product lines at Microsemi are extremely sticky products and many of them have very long life cycles. And to that extent, those margins will stay high, the product line revenue will stay high.Now we have, in the time we have owned Microsemi, started to work on, so how are we going to take advantage of Microsemi's position in the end-markets they were strong in, data center, communications and aerospace and defense to be able to sell more complete portfolio. And that work is well underway. And reverse, how can we take Microsemi products into the end-market that Microchip was strong in prior to the acquisition, automotive, industrial and home appliances. And that work is going in.Now we have a six, seven quarter window where the environment has been weak and as we emerged from a weak environment and we go into a more normal environment, all the hard work that has been done will begin to play itself out. And so I think there are revenue synergies yet to come but in part, it's work to be done and lot of that is underway and has been for some time but a lot of it has to come as the environment strengthens.
Eric Bjornholt: Sure. This is Eric. So in the December quarter, we incurred about a $16 million factory under utilization charge that was reflected in our cost of sales. That was up about $7 million quarter-on-quarter. We expect that charge to be lower in the March quarter. Particularly in our backend assembly and test operations, we are running the factories higher.Steve talked about it in an earlier response that our die bank is pretty healthy. But backend operations, we have been training finished goods and looking to run the factories harder this quarter, which should help on the gross margin and the guidance that we are given. So that's a piece of it. We continue to run our factories as efficiently as we can. We are continuing to invest to bring some of the outsourced assembly and test in-house at a moderate rate and all those things are going to benefit gross margin long term and lead us to our long term guidance, which is to get to about 63% non-GAAP gross margins as a long term model versus the 61.7% we are guiding to at the midpoint of guidance for the current quarter.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So you know, I think I have kind of touched on gross margin so far. And we have been told by others that they think that's a conservative forecast. But we are not going to update that model until we get to the target. And on OpEx, we are guiding the current quarter to be between 25% and 26.2% of sales and our long term model is 22.5%. I would say, we have been pretty conservative in how we have been managing the business during this current cycle.And with that, we need to make sure that we are making the appropriate investment, whether it's in R&D, support functions, technical sales, outreach to the customers to make sure we drive the long term health of the business. And some of our variable compensation programs too will kick back in as revenue grows. So we have confidence in the long term model which is just above 40% operating margins.And we got a ways to go when we are guiding the current quarter at the midpoint of guidance to about 36.1%. So I would say, be patient. We do need revenue growth to get there. But I think we are well positioned with the investments that we have made to add to drive to higher levels than what we are seeing today.
Eric Bjornholt: I think what I am going to add to that is just kind of a short term view here is, because I know we will get this question a lot is, what do we expect for debt pay down in the current quarter, the March quarter. And really, we expect that to be somewhere between $225 million and $250 million. Last quarter, it was $257 million but our starting accounts receivable balance was lower just because revenue was down last quarter.So really to get some tailwinds behind us, from a revenue perspective, as the topline grows I think EBITDA will start growing nicely and that's going to help with the leverage metrics coming down. But it kind of depends on what the environment is going to be over the course of the next year. If we were able to get to that, three times number that you mentioned, I think we would need pretty good revenue growth.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. And in addition to those orders that are being pulled in by customers requesting them into the current quarter, we are also receiving orders that are just within our normal published lead times. And that can create some expedite activity also.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So there is a couple pieces to that. So we did tighten our investment criteria in terms of making those capital investments over the course of the last year when business was difficult. And so we shortened the window, the payback window, from a cash flow perspective, from two years down to a year. And we really haven't changed that at this point in time. So that's one of the reason the spend has been lower. And this is very detailed work. So it's package-by-package, part-by-part and none of these investments are needle movers but in aggregate they do help gross margins slowly over time. So I think that's responsive to your question, unless these guys have anything else they want to add.
Eric Bjornholt: And we would expect those assembly and test percentages to increase over time as we gradually make these investments.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. And I think I would just add that we are very well-positioned from a capacity perspective to be able to respond quickly to upside if that develops.
