Eric Bjornholt: Well, you can see from the information in the press release and the outlook section that we have actually, the range is to be flat to down up to about 75 basis points. It will depending on what revenue that we can see some incremental leverage there. 
Eric Bjornholt: Well, we feel that we are investing in the business as appropriate. We still think that our operating expense as a percentage of sales compared to others is really quite good, but we are not under-investing in the business to make sure that we continue to have success with future design wins and new products.
Eric Bjornholt: We would project that in terms of number of days that inventories are going to hold that would be about flat.
Eric Bjornholt: In day, in dollars we would expect it to be up to maintain that level of days with increasing revenue.
Eric Bjornholt: We never had particular end market strategy to drive growth. There is a lot of hard work that has gone in over the years to create the products to create the support infrastructure from both our own field sales team as well as our partners. It is a very broad range of customers and application that is driving that growth and we have consistently worked on the building the revenue pipeline, and what’s you are seeing is a fruits of hard work that have been done over many, many years to build it and we expect that to continue for a long time.
Steve Sanghi: It will largely depend on how much revenue growth is there beyond this quarter and we don't have visibility, but with revenue growth you should continue to see some operating leverage.
Steve Sanghi: We sell all of our products, but the dominant really are microcontrollers. That's the majority of our business. The analog portion in automotive will be relatively small.
Steve Sanghi: Well, Kevin, you used the word gaining back market share. Our data does not show that we lost any market share. It was a direct correlation to the consumer segment and housing basically leading the downturn, and it was so strong that it took the global financial system into a melt down, but when that was happening and we were seeing a substantial fall from it. Other companies were not as exposed to it and no matter how much we explained it, I don't think it ever got through and we were winning a large number of design wins. We were doing record number of development systems quarter after quarter. The 16-bit growth was strong, and you are seeing the result of many of this design going to production. So, there really not any dislocations from our standpoint, we had a heavy concentration in consumer and automotive and consumer clearly led the decline and automotive then joined later. So, during that time, yes we had largest fall than some of the competitors, but as we have said our 8-bit market share is the largest we have ever had 8-bit market share.
Steve Sanghi: Remember through the downturn we did not do any layoff. So, all of our sales and marketing and design and product resources have been fully invested. So, product line is just absolutely awesome and fully trained people going to take it to market. So, we have essentially been ready more than ever before very, very, strong recovery trough the downturn as we came out, product line is very strong, lots of new products. We are not hiring now to really build back because we let whole bunch of people go. We cut expenses largely through pay cuts and zeroing of the bonuses and as the businesses recovering now; we are giving some of the pay cuts back to the employees. So, that’s adding little bit to the operating expense, but the revenue is growing faster than that. So, we are getting operating leverage at the same time, we have all these trained employees doing an awesome job of improving everything in the company.
Steve Sanghi: All we can say is the utilization will be higher this quarter than last quarter. We have stopped giving the numbers because we have found it to be very confusing. There are many technologies, some have less number of steps and some have larger numbers of steps, portion of the business comes from foundries and you can't really plug from point A to point B and based on the revenue, calculate the gross margin. It does not work and we have found that’s an extrapolation by the analysts to be highly confusing and misleading. Basically giving you the guidance, we gave you the guidance for the gross margin for the September quarter, and we also gave you guidance for the following couple of quarters with about 100 basis points improvement in each quarter.
Steve Sanghi: The backlog is very strong for September quarter. Usually it slows down quite a bit and usually you get a lot of the orders in September, but this time it’s different. This time we had very strong bookings in July, August can seem to be very, very strong. The backlog is filling very nicely and that's why we reverted from giving you a internal target back to giving guidance. For the last two quarters we gave you internal target, we didn’t give you guidance. We gave you guidance and we also gave you fairly narrower guidance compared to many of our competitors because our backlog is very strong.
Steve Sanghi: I’d expect it to increase because the merger hasn't happened yet. So, as the merger happens and as we start to rationalize product lines and architectures and combine sales offices and distributors and one salesman stays and the other one goes and all of these changes. So, we are simply seeing the front end of really what people maybe concerned about, but the restructuring is not only and you see in the assets, as you can see everyone of our competitors essentially is restructuring significantly, most of the competitors. So, there is a lot of continuation. Over the years, in the last 20 years or so, we have not seen customers largely concerned about whether their supplier makes money. If a customer is getting a good product at a good cost, they don't really care, whether the supplier is financially profitable or not. First time ever through the cycle, we are seeing people really concerned because some of the people have not received the support through very large layoffs and other lot of companies have lost the support they used to get from the suppliers, maybe technical support, maybe customer service, maybe a specific sales people or the samples or whatever it maybe. People are experiencing significantly lower support. One company that hasn't cut back on that support at all is Microchip.
Steve Sanghi: 62% of our business it’s from distribution, where we do not get a break down, whether they are consumer, industrial, automotive or what. So, these can vertical market analysis, we hardly ever do, and we internally see no value because our products are standard to go into all five markets. So, once in a while, when there is a lot of noise on Wall Street, we can do a simple analysis like we have done this time, but routinely we are not run by vertical markets. We run horizontally by producing very feature rich productions that sell horizontally across all markets to 70,000 customers.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I can say that it is very high, when we used to track that and used to break these numbers out, our market share was about a third of the entire market.
Steve Sanghi: Since then significant additional portion of the market has converted from non-field programmable to field programmable. Everybody else, who wasn't making field programmable microcontroller is now making field programmable, and a lot of the competitors have converted their non-field programmable customers to their field programmable. So, majority of the market is field programmable. So, market share of the overall market is like I said it’s a record in the first half, and market share of field programmable market is even higher than that, but we don't know what the number is.
Steve Sanghi: We don't really know how to put numbers on them, when various market analysts are $1 billion apart on the $5.5 million market on the size of the 8-bit market, then 5% differential analysis is not meaningful. That has been the main issue that, unlike SPGAs unlike microprocessors, microcontroller market is highly fragmented with large number of competitors having significant internal consumption especially in Japan and Europe and the overall size of the microcontroller market that we hear from SIA never jives with what we hear from any of the other market analysts, which give a break down by company, like data processing and others. So, this has always been a big challenge. So, you pick your target either look at Dataquest or look at SIA or look at somebody else and consistently watch them and you can see a trend, but if you jump around and try to figure out what the size of the market is, you get a number of plus or minus $1 billion. So, by consistently watching the number we are telling you that our market share for 8-bit microcontroller is the highest we have ever had.
Steve Sanghi: Europe seasonally is the weakest in the summer quarter, which is the quarter, we are in right now. We are not seeing it this year, and it could just be driven by usually they're very strong in the March quarter and this year they were not. There was the depth of the recession for them. Usually they are okay in June quarter and they were not. They were down. So, you are getting some effect now in the current quarter, where they usually down this quarter and this quarter it doesn’t look like. So, seasonalities all screwed up by geography. I think as this business recovers in another year or so, we are going to have to almost establish what the cyclicality of each geographies and what the cyclicality of the business is.
Steve Sanghi: Broadly we are gaining share in every single market, 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit and analog. You could break it out by vertical markets. We don't have that tracking, but it seems like we are gaining share in automotive, in industrial, in medical and by applications. We serve thousands of applications. We are in everything you own or everything you see that has power connected to it.
Steve Sanghi: It’s a usual start. Certain fast moving application the design cycle can be faster than six months, but majority of that is, year, year and half and slow moving not even longer. So, it just you don't really know. People are in all different stages, when the design is going to finish. When the design comes up for renewal, everybody just doesn't get up one day and say okay let's move. They move because there is a platform change coming up or an upgrade design coming up or buys no longer available, and there is just nowhere to speculate anything like that right now.
Steve Sanghi: If you are trying to talk about book-to-bill and the revenue growth in the breadth is never worked and we have told you that many times before. There is no correlation. There is no correlation historically between a book-to-bill ratio and revenue growth. Book-to-bill ratio is simply function of whether the customer is placed the orders early or placed it orders in the quarter.
Steve Sanghi: For the shipments are not linear. The visibility has improved. So, we have very strong backlog, the quarter is normal in terms of linearity. So, we are going to have no shipments in July and no shipments in August and all the shipments are in September. It is fairly linear and it is linear because the backlog is very healthy.
Steve Sanghi: We want to thank you everybody for attending the conference call and our apology again for some rough start especially on the webcast side. Hopefully you have the information you need and if you don't, just call us and we will give it to you. Thank you very much and we will see many of you on the road this quarter. Bye, bye.
Ganesh Moorthy: This is Ganesh. The breath of what we are seeing in the market is, across all the segments that we participate in. So, clearly not only have we seen it in automotive and home appliances, as Steve talked about, but the other segments including industrial have shown strength and many of those are designs we have been incubating and working on. Some of them are older designs, as they come back into a higher level of consumption. So, industrial has been good.
Ganesh Moorthy: I don't want to break out the growth rates at that level of fineness, but the drivers that are going to be producing that growth. We expect 8-bit will grow. It is the largest piece of the microcontroller business. The 16-bit will grow at an even faster rate, than that. We expect the 32-bit growth to be as good a better than, where 16-bit is at so. All aspects of microcontrollers we expect will grow, but the newer product lines having much faster growth. We expect analog for several quarters here is going to have very good growth. The product line has had an excellent acceptance and designs wins. You have seen that already in the last quarter with over 12% growth. You are going to see that for several quarters here. So, those are the fundamental drivers. It’s our microcontroller business 8, 16s, 32s and is a analog business.
Ganesh Moorthy: Memory is a competitive market. We play in the aspects of those business that are important for us to be in. We are not trying to chase revenue at the expense of gross margins in that business. Our ASPs have been trending down at a historical rate, but nothing that is of concern to us.
Ganesh Moorthy: I don't have a percentage of where it’s going to be. Obviously it went down as a percentage as automotive had its decline, but it’s not that easy for us to be able to track at a fine detail of every automotive account. I think what Steve gave was a sense of a representative sample of our large automotive customers that we have direct insight into.
