Ganesh Moorthy: I think going through the month of July, we have not yet seen China recover. There are discussions I understand about things they may do in the rest of this quarter, those have to be seen. So I don't have anything more to add with respect to China.  Our bookings have been weak. We do expect in time that those will begin to strengthen. There is still a lot of backlog that we are carrying and we are pushing out backlog. So there is not an immediate requirement for bookings to spring back to where they used to be. 
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, supply chains are stable in most places where we buy wafers from, where we buy some of our assembly and test services from. Clearly, on some of the materials, there may have been some movement in certain cases. I don't think we track it at the level that perhaps you may be interested in. But I would say supply chains are stable, lead times have come down, we’re able to get what we need. 
Ganesh Moorthy: In our business, for the embedded solutions business, pricing tends to be a lot more stable. Pricing is something you establish at the point of doing your new design and activity, not at the point at which you're fulfilling demand that's coming in.  And outside of the last two years where there was significant inflation that we faced and that we passed on to our customers, pricing is usually relatively stable over time. We're not looking to reduce pricing or to increase pricing. And as we go forward, I don't expect that it's going to change in the way that our business runs. 
Ganesh Moorthy: We haven't modeled what the December quarter nor are we guiding to what the December quarter is going to be. There are a range of scenarios that we are working with, and I don't really have any more color to offer on it.  With respect to the gross margins, as we have said many times, we have a pretty strong resilience to the way the gross margin works. If you look at our inside-outside mix, we still have a 60% outside mix. We are continuing to run our fact, where for absorption purposes we are building the product that we need to build and building some inventory.  So really, I'm not trying to provide any guidance for December that you might have, but you're absolutely right. We are expecting that the December quarter is going to be weaker than normal seasonality. 
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, it's very difficult for me to answer that question. There is that question of, which part of this is just inventory digestion that's taking place. And how much of it is consumption changes and how consumptions changes might change? So just using China as the example, China consumption was weak or weaker than anyone expected in the June quarter. Now, how does it come back in the September or December quarters is anybody's guess and where it's at. So I don't have a clear view of how long does automotive or industrial stay weak. We've gone through many cycles. They don't last forever obviously, and there are some typical cycles you can look back on and see how they perform. 
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, I think the channel inventory is driven by in part what the channel wants to carry, what we can supply, and what their demand intensity is. So we don't try to guide where's the channel inventory going to go. It goes where it goes based on those factors.  We do take a lot of effort on the internal inventory inside microchip and we have an added factor at this point, which is we are customers who have inventory positions and are looking for push-out help. And that has caused us to go slower than we would normally have liked, but it's the right long-term answer for us and for our customers. And we do expect as Eric said, to have both, a reduction in absolute and days of inventory on our balance sheet in the September quarter. 
Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. Thank you, Janet. So, we were among the very early proponent of using RISC-V for our FPGA solutions as you mentioned. Those products have been in production. They are ramping. In fact, the PolarFire family as you mentioned it, it's the fastest-growing FPGA that we have, if you look like-for-like, what is it doing after X amount of quarters and where it's at. It is winning in the traditional markets that FPGA, that came to us from Microsemi was winning, which is in aerospace and defense, some in the communication space. But also increasingly it is winning quite significantly in industrial, and it is winning in some automotive applications as well. So quite broadly present, it is doing exceedingly well. It is contributing to the results that we have been quoting on FPGA, both last quarter for the fiscal year and this quarter to reflect that it is hitting new records every quarter, and we are very, very optimistic about how RISC-V based FPGAs, along with all of the other elements that we have integrated on the solution, is going to play out. And it will be a huge growth driver for Microchip. 
Ganesh Moorthy: So, I wouldn't place the RISC-V architecture as the reason for the gross margin or the performance of the product line. The product line is an enormously complex product. It comes with lots of software, lots of tools, a lot of application information that we put together. How we put it all together and turn it from a complex capability to an easy-to-use solution is what determines design wins, revenue growth, gross margins, customer adoption, etcetera. So it’s much, much more than anything about RISC-V alone or any other core for that matter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for attending today and for your questions. And we have follow-up meetings with many of you as well. But I look forward to talking to you either at those calls or in the many events we will be at during the course of this quarter. So, thank you.
A - Ganesh Moorthy: Well, the purpose of the NCNR was to get a mutual commitment of investment we were going to make and benefit a customer was going to get. It's based on a set of assumptions about where business is going to go, and I think as lead times go farther and farther out, everybody's visibility gets to be less clear.  And the vast majority of the customers who were part of the NCNR programs have been extremely happy with what they were able to get in an extremely different environment in 2021 and 2022.  You know, no program is perfect. I believe that our programs have had substantially more benefit than issues with them. We are at a point of the cycle where the demand curve has changed, and as that demand curve changes, we have to adjust. And by the way, the same demand curve will change again as we go into 2024. So I think we have to look beyond the short-term view of where this all ends up and look at how do these programs provide mutual benefit in the medium to long term. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: We’re calling it as we see it. We've given you a guidance for September quarter that brackets between plus one and minus three, and that reflects what we see today in our backlog and what we see in the tone of the business. We're giving you a sense that the December quarter is going to be seasonally weaker than normal. And again, it has a number of puts and takes that could go into it. I don't know what more I can say, Joe. It's the best that we're able to peer into the future and provide some insight as to where we think business is going. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So, our internal fabs are continuing to run relatively unchanged. These products are very long-lived products. In many cases had been depleted in the inventory points that we typically need to be able to serve at a high level of certainty, as well as the lead time we want. So our internal factories and the internal fabs in particular are continuing to run.  And our foundry partners, depending on where the inventory levels were, in some cases, we will be adjusting and have adjusted the purchasing to bring that inventory into line with where we want to be long-term. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: So first, to take the lead times. You know, we are continuing to drive lead times down. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we believe that short lead times is what makes us all effective and agile in an unpredictable business environment that we're in. And we're, on average, at just under 26 weeks right now. I think we will end the year at well under 13 weeks. It could be under 10 weeks by that time, but we'll know how we progress in that time. Four to eight weeks is where our lead times are for 90% or so of our line items as a historical benchmark for where we were.  With respect to distribution inventory, as I mentioned a little earlier on, it has many functions. It's a function of what kind of sell-through are they seeing? What kind of inventory do they want to carry? What are we able to supply, that maybe they've been asking for some time to be able to do it? So, I don't have any color on what distribution inventory is likely to be doing, you know outside of what we've provided so far for June. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, we certainly expect that turns will be a requirement as we go into the December quarter. And then also, the normal part of the business that we have done right, and so most things are starting to normalize again with respect to lead times, what kind of backlog coverage we'll have and turns is just something else we'll have to manage as we normally do, starting from the December quarter onwards. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: There may have been small parts in the September quarter. I mean we're one-third of the way in through the September quarter. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, as I mentioned, I think Europe is more – as I look forward, there are more headwinds that European economies are facing. I believe technically Germany is now in a recession. It's had two consecutive quarters of negative GDP and interest rates are still high, inflation is still high. There's energy inflation, which is larger than in the U.S. and some of the large European economies rely on export, China being one.  To the extent China is weak, we're going to see some of that weakness in China, but we'll also see some of the weakness in Europe, when their exports are not quite realized. That's the addition of all of what we see as we look into where are things going, and the impact from Europe. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: You know, we're not intentionally trying to bring backlog down. We are trying to help customers who have backlog placed on us, but would prefer to receive it, in some cases, later than what it’s presently scheduled for. Backlog will – over time has been coming down, as the fever of what was in 2022 and 2021, where people are placing huge amounts of backlog out in time.  It starts to settle out, especially at these time are starting to come in. As the industry starts to normalize, backlog will get back to what it used to be normally, pre-COVID, and so that's really what's happening with backlog. We're not trying to force it down in any way. 
A - Ganesh Moorthy: In fact, it's a timely question. We just had a review with our China team here yesterday on exactly that topic, and there is little to no loss to the local China producers that we're able to see, either in design or in things that are in production today.  So no, it is actual consumption that is weak. There is a lot of uncertainty in China with respect to what the amount of debt people are carrying are, what kind of stimulus is going to take place. And I think there is a consumption that is waiting to happen, and I hope it will open up at some point in time. But at the moment, I think things are uncertain enough that consumption is being held down. 
