Ganesh Moorthy: The composition is across a broad range of applications and markets. In that sense it’s similar to how our 8-bit business is. There are obviously certain applications where the 16-bit performance is a requirement that we're able to meet and those are the areas where we're taking some incremental share. But really it's not concentrated anywhere. It's a pretty broad base of areas we're winning our designs.
Ganesh Moorthy: It is, again a broad spectrum of designs that we're going up. We've always been about not trying to find a single market, a single application upon which to hang our hat and while we do see areas that are growing at different rates, it's really across a broad spectrum of applications.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, I think we've given you some color last quarter on the number of customers that were in production and the number that were well along the way in terms of the design in cycle. Those numbers have grown. Since that time obviously some of the customers we were working with have gone to production. So the production numbers have gone up and the number of customers that are working on design wins have also gone up. The progression is on a path that we're happy with. Our touch is differentiated from competitive alternatives in several ways. First of all, we offer customers the ability for them to customize the touch solutions using the software that we provide. Second of all, we provide the lowest power consumption when our products are used in touch solutions as compared to our competitive alternatives. So in portable and power sensitive applications, we have the best power consumption for those touch applications. Thirdly, our touch works across a broad range of our Microcontrollers, so you can pick the microcontroller that is appropriate for what you're trying to do in your applications and add touch to it, which also allows customer to cost reduce without having to have a microcontroller run the application and a separate microcontroller to run touch, which is how many of the competitive alternatives are set up to be. And lastly, we offer a broad range of touch alternatives. We have capacity touch capability, we have inductive touch capability, and we have touch screen capability. So based on the application and the need, we have multiple solutions available for a customer to achieve their objectives with touch in their application.
Ganesh Moorthy: John, this is Ganesh. If I could add one more perspective. It's not just about are these other competitors financially viable alone. There are impacts of those folks have created on customers, where road maps have been changed, products have an end of life, factories have been closed down, and products been moved causing them to have issues, customer support has been reduced, and lead time has gone out. So there's a number of other factors beyond just financial viability that are playing into customers concerns.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think if you look at what customers buy, they're trying to buy a platform and I think we offer with the PIC platform a range of products with peripheral compatibility, with development tools that are common across 8, 16s and 32s. I mean you've heard all the key reasons from us before, and I think many of those carry through in the PIC32 domain of designs we're competing for as well. But at the end of the day, we obviously provide customers the right combination of value that gives them a choice to use our platform with confidence and to grow with us.
Ganesh Moorthy: Uche, another way to think about it is the core is really a means to an end. The core is not the end. Some how some of the discussions get trapped into this thing as somehow the arm core is the end result. It's just is a delivery mechanism for how you deliver an embedded control solution. If the core was that important, don't you think Microchip would have done a proprietary core for ourselves as opposed to go on with an industry standard core? We picked a core around which we could wrap our proprietary value.
Steve Sanghi: We're shipping to 2,000 volume customers on 16-bit. And our over 100 volume customers on 32-bit. So that alone tells you that it's very broad-based.
Steve Sanghi: Last quarter, we saw very broad-based strength around the world. As Eric pointed out, European business was up 10% in the summer quarter where they take the August off, so usually Europe business is down in the quarter. Obviously, from a sequential revenue growth standpoint, China was the strongest, but we grew in the rest of Asia also by very large amount and U.S. was also very up significantly and we grew in all different market segments. Yes, we did very well in automotive because for cash for clunkers and others, but similarly we did very well in consumer, industrial, communication and others.
Steve Sanghi: Well, Uche, in average, a design cycle for Microchip's microcontroller and analog products are anywhere from nine months to two years plus. We are here in November. I don't think any of our growth next year comes from new products that we don't exist today. It could be a very small number, something we're just introducing in the next month, may create a small amount of revenue in calendar Q4. So all of our next year's revenue largely comes from products that are in production, we've been incubating it for a year to two years, they're design wins and they're really proceeding down the path of going to production.
Steve Sanghi: I can't even do that for last quarter actual, forget about the next year. Don't have any ability to do that across 63,000 customers, and with 60% of our revenue coming from distributors.
Steve Sanghi: We don't care about the semiconductor industry growth or the microcontroller growth. Our results are highly differentiated. They have been in the years past and we built this much more driven by the products we have in the market, the design pipeline at the rate of winning and using the metrics that are time tested regarding what portion we win and go to production, and what time frame.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we haven't broken that out specifically, but we're going to make prudent investments in the business that are required to grow it. So I guess the expectation would be is that sales and marketing and R&D would grow at a faster clip than G&A. But other than that, I don't think we can give you a lot of guidance.
Steve Sanghi: There are a lot of people in the competition, of course 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit, analog competition, so there's a large number of companies and I'm not schooled on what everybody else did in various areas so just guts to talk about what we did well. We deployed a strategy going into a recession where we're here more than a year after the global financial crisis we did not lay off a single person at Microchip anywhere in the world. And yet we gained as much expense reduction on the operating expense line as anybody. We've shown graphs in the past where we were in the top two companies or three companies of having gained the expense reductions, so we did that through lowering a lot of discretionary expenses, our worldwide, all employees were on a pay cut, we zeroed out the bonuses, so we did that through shared cuts and sacrifices rather than doing a lot of layoffs. Now, it has resulted into two advantages. Number one, in terms of employee hours spent, we stayed invested in our R&D pipeline rather than rescheduling a lot of the activities, because we kept everybody employed. And number two, we kept our demand creation effort in the marketplace and a year later as we are recovering out of the recession, we're finding a very rich, new product pipeline that we have put out in the market as well as a very large number of design wins from a significantly larger served available market through all these new products in 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit and analog. And in the manufacturing front, what we did was we gave employees rotating time off. So at the height of the recession when the capacity needs were way down, we had fab people will take every third week off unpaid. And then the following week, different one-third will go off unpaid. But everybody stayed certified. Everybody had a job. Everybody knew how to operate the equipment. We didn't layoff people. : Short-term, we're getting a lot of pull-in, a lot of new orders where competitors can't supply but longer-term we're also getting new design win sockets, because they're unhappy with the competitors so they want to give the next design to us. When things are equal, we're winning it on the margin.
Steve Sanghi: I think if you look at the gross margin curve has been pulled in quite substantially. With the upside in revenue, our inventories became too low and all through the quarter we kept increasing our production plan. We have never increased production plans so rapidly, almost every two weeks we were adjusting the numbers as we were seeing the upside. So lot of the gross margin increase has been pulled in and there is more ahead and you can look at the difference between our December guidance to the next year guidance, there is some additional gross margin plus there is a year average, we go out of the year even higher than that. Beyond that, I don't have the granularity. It will just all depend on where we are in our guidance of 4% to 8% for this quarter and this quarter will be the very similar. We'll be changing production plan continuously, as we see any of the upside materializing.
Steve Sanghi: I think I can't break it down much further. I mean, it's going to be close. I don't know if it's a little bit this way or that way. We don't expect that we will reach our peak gross margin by the end of calendar year '10. There will still be things happening. Our prior record was I think closer to 270 and the business always comes back in a slightly different mix. So some of the older capacity we have is still growing and still utilization is going up. I would think our gross margin would be rising well into fiscal year '12, most of the calendar year '11. So, I don't really have further granularity on really how close we get to that number.
Steve Sanghi: Our book-to-bill ratio is total net orders we receive in the quarter, which is gross bookings minus any cancellations, minus any returns. So net bookings, divide that by the net revenue.
Steve Sanghi: Net bookings divided by net billings. Our net billings are not equal to net revenue, because we don't recognize disti billings till they're shipped out.
Steve Sanghi: So, if you look at it in round numbers, our Asia business is about half our business, a little more than half, 51.3 or something. And the U.S., Europe is other half. So, in December quarter, you missed the shipping days in U.S. and Europe. Asia usually keeps working, they don't have the Thanksgiving and Christmas, they only have one day off. Then when you go to the next quarter, U.S., Europe comes back with full shipping days but then Asia goes on Chinese New Year, large parts of Asia, China, Taiwan, Singapore, good parts of other countries, they go in Chinese New Year. Probably wash.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. I haven't checked the calendar where the Easter lies. Sometimes Easter is in late March, sometimes it's in April. If the Easter is in April, then you pick up a week of holidays in Europe. Good parts of Europe. Not all of it.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we talked about it last quarter. Most definitely so. And a number of incidents, where we have had inquiries, or look-ins, our designs have gone into our favor, has continued to go up. Lots of customers do not like the merger of (inaudible) assets and that's negative for them. There have been issues related to other competitors that have significant balance sheet challenges, one big one in U.S. and the other big one in Europe and so there are issues both related to that and we have won designs and people have shown concerns and all that, so yes, that's a very real factor. I think more than ever before, in 30 years of my business, customers historically haven't cared whether their supplier makes money or not. They don't care. Whether your supplier is profitable, they don't care, they just want the best price, best quality. But in the last year or so of the global financial crisis, where so many of their smaller suppliers, not necessarily in semiconductor doing whatever, so many companies have gone out of business that I think it has become a factor where companies are now asking more questions about sustainability and balance sheet and are you profitable and how will you continue to serve me. So first time ever I've seen in 30 years.
Steve Sanghi: I think you kind of answered your own question. We had significant design win activity through our multiyear demand creation efforts and we were so well positioned a year ago. We had done a record in September quarter, and we were quite optimistic about where the business was headed in 16-bit and high end 8-bit and analog and others. And when the global financial crisis hits, that's sort of what happens where all designs freeze, people get laid off and customers don't launch their products into a very, very weak market because that launch will necessarily be wasted. Essentially be wasted. So you're seeing a lot of those designs which were parked for several quarters now proceeding to production. We saw that last quarter. We're seeing that in the current quarter. We are expediting products for a number of these customers, who're taking their designs to production.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. Some last a year or two, some last five years and ten years. We have customers that we have served for a decade who we got them in the '99 and 2000 because they couldn't get the parts from somebody and we still have them. So some memories are very long, some memories are short. It's really all over the place.
Steve Sanghi: I think Christmas builds are done largely. Christmas builds are usually done by the end of September because whatever has to come on the ships has to take a six-week journey to get here before Thanksgiving. And some late products that will fly in the plane and all that are done by October or early part of November. So Christmas builds are largely down. Now, the next phase really is when the parts actually go on the floors and regarding what sells, which model sell, then you get replenishment orders for those designs on which you have to deliver on a fairly short lead time. That's sort of where some of the upsides come from.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we don't really have anything on our plate. If you think we should look at something, please let us know.
Steve Sanghi: On the operating profit, there should be further leverage going into the calendar year '11, mainly on gross margin, could be a little bit on expenses, so certainly we do not peak out by the end of calendar year '10.
Steve Sanghi: It's largely uniform. You build it on all volume products where there are high frequency products that ship a lot and you don't tend to build on products that have 1C, 2C customers, and custom or whatever, so you really build on larger part types.Craig Ellis – Caris and Company: Thanks, Steve.
Steve Sanghi: Makes sense. That's the problem with that data. But if you look at it over the year and after they have revised it and all that the data makes more sense. They maybe low last quarter and up this quarter and so don't take too much stock into SIA's number for a single quarter. There is a special problem that I have seen for decade plus in SIA's numbers on Microcontrollers, which may or may not exist. I think it doesn't exist when you look at microprocessors, you look at flash memories, you look at SBGAs. In micro processors, you look at two companies and you get the number right almost. In SBGAs you look at two or three public companies you might get the number right. But on Microcontrollers, there are 25 competitors and large amount of microcontroller data is Toshiba shipping to Toshiba, Samsung shipping to Samsung, Hitachi, for just to shipping it to their own companies, so I particularly find SIA finds it impossible to get at those numbers, because fair amount of business is really long tail and you can't take two or three companies numbers, plus we're the largest in 8-bit and they don't have our numbers, we're announcing today and we still don't break out 8-bit so how do they get the 8-bit numbers. Atmil [ph] hasn’t announced yet. And they're in the top five or six 8-bit manufacturers. So I take the data with a grain of salt. But longer-term, when I give you the data, I think it's a higher chance of being accurate.
Steve Sanghi: Well, correct. Utilization is nowhere close to the old record. Utilization will continue to move up, but when a big portion of the progress in percentage terms and the progress from here is slower, it will happen over the next many quarters. As I said, we don't even reach the peak by the Q4 of calendar year '10. It will continue into calendar year '11.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we just don't really know. I think when the business has gone through so much surgery where the gross margins are rising 200 basis points to 300 basis points per quarter as they have done recently, it's very hard to look out six quarters and do an estimate on exactly what mix the products will be and what your utilization would be and what your expense structure would be and so we just haven't done that yet, but there is really no fundamental reason why we should not get reasonably close to our model.
Steve Sanghi: We don't want the competitors listening on this call to know why we win with our PIC32 with what features. Having said that, I can provide you some (inaudible).
Steve Sanghi: Largest fallacy. That's the largest fallacy, which I'm really surprised about, when you talk about misinformation, only 20% of total worldwide 32-bit Microcontrollers are arm based. There are a number of other architectures, which are substantially higher than some of all arm based Microcontrollers.
Steve Sanghi: Okay, we want to thank all our investors and analysts on this call. It's been a great quarter and we look forward to seeing many of you on the road. I think there are some conferences coming up. We'll be at the next conferences, CSFB conference, which is actually in our backyard here in Scottsdale, in early December, so we'll see many of you there. Thank you very much.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much. Steve, first of all, thank you very much for providing us the insight for 2010 plans. Let me just try to dissect that a little bit. How much of your 2010 plans will be driven by new products? And within the existing products, what are your assumptions for areas such as automotive and industrial for 2010, so I just kind of understand. Because you're implying I think the mid points for December guidance you're implying a calendar upside of as much as 26% for 2010. So I just like to see if I can break that down between new products and what's happening with existing products, thank you.
Uche Orji – UBS: And then, so if you can break down for me your expectation for automotive, industrial and other markets for 2010 in terms of what's driving that internal plan.
Uche Orji – UBS: In terms of your touch product, can you give me an idea how much progress you're making there? And if I look into Q4, they're just so many other people talking about what they're doing in touch and I know you've been very active in this area, so can you talk about your competitive positioning and how you see your products progressing through Q4 and possibly into 2010? Thanks.
Uche Orji – UBS: Thank you very much. Steve, I just wanted to follow up one more time on your 32-bit microcontroller comments relative to ARM. You made a comment that you're gaining share regardless of the fact that – I just wanted to get a sense. When you compete against arm-based controllers, microcontroller companies, what are the differentiating factors? I mean it's quite impressive and congratulations for that, that you're able to continue to do well in the market that arm seems to dominate. So can you just please remind me some of the factors that continue to help you to win here and how much runway that is left in 32-bit? Thank you.
Uche Orji – UBS: It's hard to say, but if you look at just about everybody else that is in the 32-bit microcontroller, some have their own, some use arm.
Uche Orji – UBS: Most of these other guys also even while they sell their own microcontroller, based on their own technology, most of them have licensed arm whether has a hedge or just as a way to drive (inaudible) One of the few major companies in the segment that has no done that and I'm just curious as to –
Doug Freedman – Broadpoint: Can you give us a little bit more detail on how you go into calculating your book-to-bill numbers? I just was wondering what window of time you're looking at there.
Doug Freedman – Broadpoint: That's what I was after. And then one other question. You mentioned that in your December quarter it has one of the fewer shipping days. How many shipping days do we pick up when we go into March? Everyone is really struggling with sort of what is seasonality going to look like this year, given that we're in such an unusual environment. Do you guys have any opinion there and just if you could offer some guidance on how many shipping days we're going to pick up in March.
Doug Freedman – Broadpoint: And you guys have already commented on the impact that that longer lead times have had on the availability of business for you. But can you comment on has there been any noticeable change in the landscape with the mergers and balance sheet issues that some of your competitors are facing? Are customers having those types of high level discussions with you? Any commentary you could offer there would be helpful.
