James Eric Bjornholt: So we're not breaking out the revenue specifically for those 2 acquisitions any longer, but we're well on our way into integrating those product lines into our sales force and into our distribution network and are getting very good initial feedback on both. And so we're quite excited about the future opportunity, and the original plan associated with the acquisitions are intact.
James Eric Bjornholt: So I'd say on, gross margin, it was modest, right? We had a relatively tight range and -- so we were 0.1% above the midpoint of our guidance. So that's just kind of noise level. OpEx, there was quite a bit of improvement there. Chris asked -- the other Chris asked some questions on FX, and the FX did have a positive impact on OpEx in the December quarter, but some of that was offset with a foreign exchange loss as we do some hedging against that. So I would say from an OpEx and gross margin standpoint, things performed pretty much as expected. The company did a good job of controlling costs and FX helped us a little bit on the OpEx line.
James Eric Bjornholt: So if we presented that wrong, the non-GAAP and GAAP difference are going in the same direction. In the December quarter, there was a $7 million difference and GAAP revenue was lower than non-GAAP. Same thing in the current quarter. We're expecting that GAAP revenue to be about $4 million lower. Obviously, if you're looking at percentage increase changes, GAAP to GAAP, non-GAAP to non-GAAP, there's a difference. And we're giving our guidance of 1% to 3% growth, midpoint of 2%. That's based off the non-GAAP numbers. So hopefully, that's clear.
James Eric Bjornholt: Right. I guess that answered the other pieces of your question. That percentage of foundry of our business continues to be 38% to 40%. There's no significant change there, just very modest changes. Each quarter can go up or down, and we aren't anticipating any significant mix shifts of the business.
James Eric Bjornholt: Right. I think the only thing I would say to that is you need to be careful when you look at our historical numbers in terms of when we did acquisitions and the impact of those on any particular quarter when looking at trying to determine what seasonality is. But Steve's right, we haven't given guidance beyond the March quarter.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, there is no standard definition of what you include in IoT or not. Different companies have different definitions. Some include the entire microcontroller, analog, sensor and the entire chain of products that go with it, along with the Wi-Fi solution, and some not. So I will say in general, we are excited about the opportunity presented by the IoT market. We have all the pieces needed, the intelligence in microcontroller, analog, smart memory, sensors, all of the connectivity protocols, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, RF, ZigBee and everything else. And we think we have increasing presence in this fast-growing market. The broadest adoption of smartphones and tablets is accelerating the demand for more things to be connected, and Microchip is incredibly well placed by having all the components needed, like I mentioned, microcontroller, analog, memory, sensors as well as all the RF, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and other building blocks. We have ready-mix suite of phoneware solutions to go with various connectivities. And we have a set of partners who can provide the cloud solutions and storage needed for people to be able to ping the data off the cloud. So I think we have really all the stuff needed. We have very substantial revenue in the IoT market. Depending on how you describe it, it could be many hundreds of millions of dollars, and there's a significant growth in the segment. Beyond that, I wish somebody were to define exactly what IoT is.
Stephen Sanghi: So I don't have the data broken out. We usually break out the data for a quarter or so, and after that, it's very, very difficult because the businesses get intertwined. When we buy a company, part of the thing is then, on a combined basis, to make intelligent selection about where Microchip's effort should go, which piece of the business is better positioned to go forward, an example could be when you acquire a company, you have some that kind of effort going on inside. And then you acquire a company which has a similar effort which is farther along. And after you acquire it, let's say you merge it together and you pursue the platform that you acquired, which would lower the revenue that you would have otherwise gained if you hadn't acquired them because you have similar products. So after about a quarter or so, which is really is important for The Street to know what's the core growth and what's the acquired growth, if you continue to carry it in any fashion a year out -- 9 months out, a year out, then you're really doing disservice because our job is to really to make the best assessments of where we put the effort, where the sales force sells it, where the field application engineer spends time, what is the best solution to present to our customer. And if you happen to present the acquired company's solution, more in favor of -- and not presenting our solution, if that's a negative indicator for you by looking at the core versus acquired growth, then we're not doing our job right, and I don't think that's what we're doing.
Stephen Sanghi: So as far as our capital plan is concerned, our capacity is very common. Our microcontrollers are loaded with analog functionality, a lot of the power management, analog conversion, a lot of interface functionality. Those are really on our microcontrollers also. And customer makes a choice whether he wants to buy a very high-end integrated microcontroller product or he wants to buy a lower-end microcontroller product and adds a standalone analog. So as a result, the processes we develop are internal factories as well as when we buy the product to foundries, those are common technologies and common capital. And it's very similar in the back end. Many of the testers and handlers are predominantly common. There is some customization. But -- so the capital doesn't really make a difference. Capital is very common.
Stephen Sanghi: We are not -- essentially we are commenting only on our business, not the industry conditions. As we see our business, our guidance is built on performance in each channel, U.S., Europe and Asia, and direct distribution to be seasonally normal.
Stephen Sanghi: Well -- so as the Japanese yen depreciates, there's no question that somebody who produces entirely in Japan, their products become slightly cheaper, although a lot of the Japanese production has also moved to foundries and they have closed or sold a lot of their fabs and they're buying from similar foundries in Asia like we are buying. A lot of their assembly and test has been moved out after the earthquake. So the effect of yen is really much more muted than it ever was. The impact of really the lower cost, if there is any, is really much, much slower and it takes a long time because, really, it's at a designing level. Whatever is designed in our proprietary products, customers really cannot change. So the question really will be on new designs, can somebody from Japan be more competitive? And I think that's really -- there is a lot of hurdle people have. There's IP. There is installed base. There is development tools. There is legacy of products, software the people have designed in. So especially in our business, that impact is really fairly small and takes a very long time. It would be much more drastic in a memory business where you can really substitute one product for the other product to model. But in a microcontroller, analog designing business, I think it's a very negligible impact. But there is a second impact, which is really positive when you measure the market share. The market share dollar, as reported by Gartner or SIA or anybody else, is in dollars. And the majority of the sales of the Japanese companies is in Japan. They produce there, they sell there, they sell in yen. So when you take the yen sale and you convert them to dollars, it's going to be much smaller. That impact is immediate. So when you calculate market share, market share in dollar terms on a percentage basis is going to grow right away. And the other impact you're talking about is very long term, very slow and may or may not happen and we have a lot of time to come to that.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, I think it's basically -- that thing is superseded by saying everything is seasonally normal. If you take geography by geography, everybody is aware of what's happening in Europe in the currency, in the economy and all that. So that backdrop is taken into account. When you look at -- in Asia, that backdrop is taken into account. The China GDP has slowed down from what it was before. What they have done is similar in package [ph]. So whenever we know as of today, it is -- that's the background and that's taken into account. And looking at all that, I think business still looks seasonal.
Stephen Sanghi: 105 days. And we let it get too low. Somewhere, some of the upsides we achieved in earlier quarters. But when the inventory gets too low, then we start to have longer lead time and delivery issues and all that. So we have made conscious efforts, both inside and outside, at the foundries as well as internally growing capacity to bring that inventory more in line. And you've seen the inventory now ending last quarter was 1...
Stephen Sanghi: 111. So we've made some progress. We think it's still not where we want it to be. We want it to be between 115 and 120 days, so slowly, slowly. And as you are growing revenue, then you also acquire more product, and in calculating inventory, dividing by a larger number to calculate the days. So it will take a little bit of time, but we'll continue to work towards trying to get the inventory north of 115 days.
Stephen Sanghi: In our internal fabs, both of our fabs and both of our assembly and test facilities, they're all working at record loading. So there's really high amount of activity. And some of the gross margin we're seeing is really negatively impacted by 2 acquisitions last year. It's no longer impacted by the acquisition we did 2 years ago like SMSC. We totally lost time there, gross margin and operating margins in the range of Microchip. But the later acquisitions, Supertex and ISSC, their gross and operating margins are still well below Microchip. They're improving, but they're not quite there yet and it takes longer time. But if it was just our own performance, it's really better than the gross margin you're seeing.
Stephen Sanghi: Yes, I want to clarify one thing, though, which again touches on the strategy. If your strategy is to go get one large $50 million account, whether it's in networking or smartphones or whatever, then that integration is very important. Then you take a microcontroller, take the RF, take everything and you're delivering SoC to that customer. If your strategy is to try to sell that 2,000 accounts, long-tail customers like Microchip does that have substantially higher margin and a better business model longer term, then integration is not always the best answer because everybody wants a different microcontroller and density and speed and bit size and different performance levels and different things in it. So then you have a problem in choosing a microcontroller. And if you choose a very large, higher-superset microcontroller, then you make it expensive for everybody else. So the best answer to serve 1,000 customers is not always integrated, but the best answer to serve one large customer is always an integrated SoC. So those have strategy implications.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, we didn't prepare this call to be able to answer anything regarding June in terms of guidance.
Stephen Sanghi: So we don't really usually have end-market commentary. We serve 90,000-plus customers around the world. A large number of them buy product from distribution and same customers in different divisions, their end market is either industrial or consumer or it can be PC and some have automotive divisions. And so therefore, we don't break our business down by end markets like that.
