Steve Sanghi: If distributors were simply taking inventory at below normal level, that will have no impact on our revenue because we recognize revenue 100% on sell-through worldwide. That would impact the revenue of other companies who have a selling revenue recognition, but it wouldn't affect our revenue because of sell-through.
Steve Sanghi: That's basically demand weakness. It's very hard to really make the differential. A large number of customers have logistics program with their distributors where the inventories are actually held by the distributors and they draw the inventory as they need the product. That's more and more trend going in that direction, which is also one of the reasons that, I think, distribution inventory grows over time and the end-customer inventory actually comes down. I think it's all weak demand. There's lack of confidence in the economy, lack of confidence in consumers, lack of confidence in businesses, people aren't building products.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the 2008 cycle was more episodic. It was very fast contraction of the economy and the credit globally just very, very quick contraction that took the semiconductor industry down almost, I think, 36% to 40% over 6 months. Clearly, nobody's expecting that sort. But I think a double-dip recession either already started or is right around the corner. You made a call in 2008, 2009. The government didn't confirm the recession until 9 months after it already finished. So -- however they've measured these numbers, it's clearly visible in the economy, in the stock market. After a wonderful day today in the stock market, I think market is already discounting a recession. And I believe we may already be in one.
Steve Sanghi: Buyback. We don't really buy back stock that often except under some unique circumstances in the past. We're largely trying to give investors a return through dividend program and long-term stock price growth. So I'm not really looking at any buyback short term. We also have been acquiring a number of small and one large company last year, so we need cash for that, too. But in terms of your first question, what kind of signs we'll be looking. So we have ability internally to pick any large customer in any market. We have so many customers, which is very hard for us to say X percent of business is industrial and Y percent of our business is consumer, and we don't do that. But we can take a basket of X number of customers in any given market and look at the buying pattern quarter-over-quarter over a given design. And as that run rate of a given product starts going up in consumption -- on a consumption basis, that will be my sign that the economy is returning, and I'll tell you so.
Steve Sanghi: The order deflation has more to do with the lead times contracting rapidly because the inventories are healthy, as you saw ours and many of our competitors. So when the inventories are healthy and business is down by a small single-digit percentage, but the orders are down much more and so most of the orders down are the reflect of shrinking lead times so people don't have to place orders out in time.
Steve Sanghi: Well, basically, what happened the last quarter in automotive is pretty clear now. The hindsight is always 20/20. The automotive customers put it in some orders in the March quarter after the earthquake, which happened on March 11. So in fact, we have beaten our March quarter and when you look back at the automotive shipments to a given customer, they actually have pulled some orders in. So last quarter, there was a little bit of correction of that inventory because they had pulled the orders in. Secondly, every single automotive suppliers built less cars. Substantial contraction in Japan at companies like Toyota and Honda and others, but there was similar impact on U.S. and European automotive, which had either Japanese engine controllers or other parts. So the entire supply chain was disrupted, and the actual number of cars built data is available. We have it and you should have access to it from various places. One place I can send you is look at Gentex publicly announced earnings reports. It's a public company listed on NASDAQ called the GNTX. They make the mirrors, which have -- the chromatic mirror, which dims when the light comes from the back and it also has 3 buttons by which you can program your garage door. So that company has listed a table that shows what were the prior forecasts, what are the current forecasts for the number of cars built. So that's one place I can send you, but there are many other automotive reports available. So clearly, less cars got built last quarter. And in the remaining year, they're all a expecting recovery of that as the Japanese supply chain is becoming healthier. Will it be completely healthy by the end of this quarter? I don't know. We're already starting to see more bookings and some recovery in the automotive business. But with 2 months to go, it is not totally clear whether it will be completely done by the end of this quarter, so I expect it to actually linger into the following quarter whereby the end of the year, likely same number of cars will get built. That's what the forecast shows, which means what we lost earlier, we should see significant recovery in our automotive business. So there's a chance, and I'm not forecasting right now, but there's a chance that third quarter -- our fiscal third quarter, December quarter, is unseasonal. Usually, that quarter's a weak quarter but that could be unseasonal this time.
Steve Sanghi: So it is not maintenance level, but we spent a fair amount in fiscal quarter 1, the June quarter, and we're also spending a fair amount in the September quarter, largely driven by noncancellable orders were in place and the equipment is coming in as we speak, and we couldn't cancel it. In some cases, we slipped at some. But then the capital is very, very low in the December and March quarter. So if the environment lingers on, yes, it could go lower but not for the fiscal year because it was forward -- the spending was upfront a little bit.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you have to go back in our history where we have managed through lots of different industry cycles. And our strategy -- with the exception of sort of what happened in 2008 where demand went down 35% where you had to do something different. But normally, the inventory correction in a minor demand weakness of low single digits, sort of mid-single-digits we're seeing right now, our strategy always has been to keep the productions stable and allow the inventory to fluctuate rather than fluctuate the production and try to keep the inventory stable. We are able to produce a product today with the equipment we have. And if we don't produce the product and let the equipment be idle, the depreciation continues. And later on, when you have to produce the product, you have to add more equipment to do so. And it's a high fixed cost business in the fabs, and we can only save about $0.20 to $1 by not making the product. So for our investors' money and for our own money, it's a good bet if you believe the inventory is good. If you make SoC products or some product that will become obsolete or in a fast-changing designs where customer goes from one product to the other, that strategy would not work. But for long life-cycled products like us, we should utilize the capacity when it's available because if I build the $10 million lower inventory, I'll have $10 million more cash on which I earned 0.01%.
Steve Sanghi: So on the OpEx side, as we demonstrated back in 2009, we were able to cut 24% of the OpEx out. And even without laying off anybody else, we managed it through zeroing our bonuses. We took a lot of the discretionary costs out. And in that extreme event, actually, we had the entire company on a 10% pay cut, which in the current environment we don't expect it gets that bad that we have to resort to any such measures, although bonuses would be smaller and employees already know that. So our guidance for OpEx has been in the 24% to 26% range for a long period of time. And in the height of the upturn, we opted to very near 24%, and our current guidance is 24% to 25.5%. If the things get worse, we actually have more room still to stay within our guidance. And if we start to go outside of that, then we'll have to resort to some other measures if necessary.
Steve Sanghi: We'd be able to stay within that band because we still have more flexibility in the expenses even where we are at.
Steve Sanghi: No, we stopped sharing book-to-bill ratio a couple of quarters ago. It just confuses everybody and has never correlated. In fact, if you recall, we told you that the book-to-bill ratio was pretty good going into June quarter, and it did not, again, correlate because the number turned negative. The actual results were negative while the book-to-bill ratio going into June was pretty good. So it really -- it just has no correlation. It can -- it's just really -- basically, it does not make sense. So as some earlier question was, how are the bookings? Bookings are not good, but bookings are not good predominately driven by very short lead times where all the product is available, but we're getting the turns. So people are placing short-term orders for the products they need. And we believe the product is available, and we believe that the demand should be there to get to where we need to get to.
Steve Sanghi: The bookings don't need to pick up. There just need to be healthy turns component in that. The bookings don't have to pick up. The bookings result only would be the next quarter backlog will be weak. So the next quarter turns have to be good again. And usually, turns are good when the lead times are short.
Steve Sanghi: Lead times are short because of the inventory. Cause and effect. Our lead times were -- when our internal inventory was 95 days, just about 6, 8 months ago and the disti inventory was probably 5, 6 days lower, we were having significant trouble. The lead times were longer.
Steve Sanghi: We have over 2,000 mask types and over 80,000 SKUs. It's a very, very broad mix serving 70,000 customers. Now if you shift to the large customer, a one-type product, the dynamic RAM 64-gigabit or something and one product, then yes, it's little bit lower inventory. We got lot of products and lots of SKUs.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the things haven't changed since July 11 because we probably appropriately predicted what the quarter might shape up to be, and we put that in our July 11 call also. Has the environment further deteriorated? You could see by most of the reports, the people who were not saying that before are saying it now. Many of the reports came out after our July 11 call, citing it to be a specific Microchip issue and the other channel checks were not showing that. And you can go back and read some of those reports, and now, everybody's saying that. So I think it has caught up to everybody, and the environment has gotten weaker, but we had put that in, in our forecast already.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean, I'm not an economist. And my job is not always forecasting longer term or anything like that. We just basically give you a quarter guidance at a time. With over 1,000 points to drop here in Dow, 1,500 points now in the last few weeks, 2, 3 weeks. How much money has been lost and what does it do to the consumer confidence and spending and investment? And so I don't really know all those derivative effects. Do things get better? Does this economy go into a tailspin? Not quite the 2008 style, but it actually really goes into a double dip. My sense is it already is in one. But I can't tell you yet, when does it recover and how deep it gets, although I did say that I see automotive recovery on the horizon.
Steve Sanghi: Well, like I said, in 2008, from September 2008 to March 2009, Microchip business was down I think 35%. Industry was down a little more than that. So that's what triggered it back then. We're not talking -- we're talking single-digit drops here, so I don't really think it's going to make us change anything.
Steve Sanghi: So our China business in the June quarter was up. We don't break it out specifically out from Asia but our China business was up. Overall, Asia was down but the China business was up. Is it slowing down? Yes. Did it also miss what we had expected to do in China? Yes. But it was still positive, but we had expected it to be a lot more positive.
Steve Sanghi: Well, that's -- we don't know. We don't know if any other sector will join that. I see auto largely driven by the supply chain disruption going away and the number of cars coming back. Now could you have another effect, if the economy weakens and confidence rate weakens and you can't get car loans and other, then the car demand weakens. So therefore, then the car manufacturers do not build all the cars that they're planning to build. That is not in the forecast. Right now, the forecast that I have seen, which I referred to you in Gentex press release says we get back to the same number of cars for 2010. So what they lost in Q2, they'll make it up in Q3 and Q4. But if the demand isn't there for that Q3 and Q4, then the number could go down. So -- but either way you put it, there should be some recovery in the automotive. Would it be strong enough to make that much difference in our overall numbers? I don't know yet.
Steve Sanghi: How many times do we have to explain? That does not affect our revenue. I think Street really needs to understand what is sell-in versus sell-through recognition means. We do not recognize revenue when we give the product to distributors. So if there's a de-stocking in distributors, that does not affect our revenue.
Steve Sanghi: Well, speaking of the distributor is that they are seeing weak demand from their customers. They are seeing similar to what we are seeing. Arrow's guidance was relatively weak. Avnet numbers haven't come out yet. So my feeling is that distis would be de-stocking. They would be buying less products. So I think the companies that have a sell-in revenue recognition, I can rattle them off, but I'd rather than not. I think you should be able to find those out, I believe will have to take that correction at the distributor inventory Microchip would not have to.
Steve Sanghi: We don't have it anymore. And it didn't do any good. Nobody bought it. People thought it was just Microchip-specific problem, and so it didn't work that time. So there's no reason to repeat it.
Steve Sanghi: If I knew that, then I would have given a closer guidance, closer to minus 1% and closer to minus 6%, I don't. I think it just depends on turns. You still have to get turns, backlog, what happens in automotive, recovery. Do any of the sectors get worse? Do any of the sectors recover? Do better? It's just a lot of moving parts, and that's just a broad range of guidance.
Steve Sanghi: In total 8-bit microcontrollers. I know a lot of the models, they don't reflect that. That's just -- because you can't seem to get to that number or derive that number, but 8-bit microcontrollers were record in 2011.
Steve Sanghi: The licensing business was up sequentially 1.3%. That's when actually, we break it out, it was $20.6 million for the quarter, up significantly year-over-year. I don't have that number handy. It was up quite significantly because that has continued to grow faster than Microchip so far.
Steve Sanghi: We often get asked. We are not in a smartphones or something, where are we making up for this lots of customers. So here's some examples, in consumer electronics, we are in LCD TVs, computer monitors, gaming, set-top boxes, laptops, some tablet PCs in the buttons, remote controls, optical disk drives, audio components, stereo and Hi-Fi, industrial applications like automatic milking machines, popular in China, copier printer buttons, home appliances, washers, dryers, microwaves, coffeemakers, espresso machines, inductive cookers, stovetops. In automotive, we are in overhead controls, dashboard controls, lighting controls, climate controls, proximity detection. In industrial applications, we are in access controls, keypads, LED lighting controls, dimmers and switches. So it just gives you a broad sampling of large number of applications. And that's really where our microcontrollers also grow. That's the flavor of our business where we rather do business with thousand customers buying $100,000 each rather than one customer buying $10 million. Because the gross margin is a lot higher. They appreciate our business model and so on and so forth.
Steve Sanghi: Gilbert, basically, if I give you that market share, it breaks out the numbers for 8-bit. And from there, one could decode the 16-bit because 32-bit is relatively small. And for competitive reasons -- we can't get those numbers up from TI. We can't get those numbers from Cypress, Silicon Lab, Atmel and others, and therefore, we cannot provide those. I think you can get color from -- I think we gave enough information that you can deduct from. There is some industry reports which can give you some idea. Most of the analyst split is wrong. So that doesn't work, but there's some reports which are closer, but we can't give you that market share.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the overall 8-bit business does not have a high growth total industry, but we have continuously gained share over the last many, many years. And the programmable sector has gained share over the non-programmable sector. I don't have any recent numbers by any published reports, what portion of the business now is programmable versus non-programmable. I think it's a very high percentage programmable now. So programmable in 8-bit growth are really starting to converge now. That was not the case 5 years ago.
Steve Sanghi: I'll be comfortable even beyond that. I think it will basically depend on choosing what to build. We have 2,000 mask types. I can always choose to build inventory on those products which are, I mean, sure shot, very long lifetime. I'll be selling them 5 years from now, 10 years from now, and then if I build those products ahead of time, then I'm utilizing the equipment which will otherwise go unutilized, and therefore, it will help me to lower the capital expenditure in the coming cycle.
Steve Sanghi: You're probably right. I think many other companies have confirmed also, the industrial business, is -- probably cannot be taken out as any different than the others today.
Steve Sanghi: The OEMs are people. They are people making decisions. They're not machines. They are humans, and they watch the same TV. They see the same stock market. They see the same reports. There is lack of demand. There's lack of confidence. There's lack of willingness to invest. There's lack of job creation. On and on and on. Basically, I think it's that macro environment that's very lethargic.
Steve Sanghi: So we have some resistive screen touch controllers which have the special part names. So those are -- especially for a resistive screen touch controller, they still use our standard microcontrollers, but they sell as special products for the touch market. But the majority of all the rest of the capacity of touch products and all these applications that I talked about, customer buys the standard microcontrollers from Microchip just like they buy for any other application, and then they simply program that software in it. Either they program it in their factory or they ask us to burn it in and we can burn them in.
Steve Sanghi: I just can't get that far. In this kind of environment, I just don't know about December. I can only make comment on the automotive, which I made before, that I think recovery should continue and there should be a reasonable quarter from the automotive perspective. But for the rest of it, I think it's too early to be starting to call December.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the channel inventory was what, 43 days, and it grew by 3 days last quarter, and it has been growing about a day or so every quarter. The channel inventory is not high. It's slightly high, but not very, very high. There's a significant trend going on where a large number of customers are starting to build a logistics program with the distributors where they want the distributors to carry the inventory and have that inventory be drawn at a moment's notice for them. So therefore, the customers are starting to keep less inventory which means the distributor has to keep more inventory, and we have to keep more inventory. So the distributor inventory may be up by a few days and may correct over the next couple of quarters, but it's not exceptionally high. And as the distributor inventory corrects, I have to keep saying that it does not affect our revenue.
Steve Sanghi: This music -- this record has to repeat how many times? I mean, I think it happened in 2004, 2006. Those who has been in the stock for 18 years, they will walk you through how we see this first and I explained it a couple of times already why we see it first. They'll come out later when you cumulatively look at it over 3 quarters, we'll be equal or better than many of this competitors and gain shares. We have demonstrated it many, many times. Yet every time it happens, it's a new question because there are new players, there are new analysts, it's a large churn. So I don't have that problem when I talk to somebody, even large investors who have been in there for a long period of time. And obviously, if you have questioned it on July 11, okay. If you're still questioning it after all these companies have said that their guidance is weak for this quarter, while just 3 or 4 weeks ago -- Just 3 or 4 weeks ago, a number of reports we had basically said that the other companies were not confirming that there is a problem on the horizon, channel checks we're saying that the rest of the companies are doing fine. It was a Microchip problem, 4 weeks later, it's not true. If you're still questioning it, I can't change your mind.
Steve Sanghi: Every company has a different seasonality and different markets and so Linear set down 6% to 8%. So they were worse than ours. So you have to accumulate it over a period of time. I can't pick just one company. But if you look at the industry, look at -- I rattled lots of different companies and they're all seeing similar. Look at their prior guidance, look at their current guidance. Silicon lab said down 5% to down 10% with the middle point of 7.5% and they have microcontrollers and they're a competitor too. So you can always pick somebody who's better. Look at TSMC's guidance. Look at UMC's guidance, UMC said down 20%, I think. Low teens, and TMC's said what? 7% and they are suppliers to the industry. So I think tea leaves are here to read. That's just your interpretation, and I'm not the analyst, you are.
Steve Sanghi: So that's all we have for you today. We'll be going to some conferences. I think Gordon is going to a conference next week.
Steve Sanghi: Morgan Keegan conference, so there'll be a chance to interface with him and go deeper into some of these things if you like. And then we'll see you, some of you later in the quarter. Thank you very much.
J. Bjornholt: Okay. So, I mean, really that's just a function of when product was scheduled to ship to our distributors. So I don't think you can make too much out of that as a positive sign. We think that accounts receivable balance will come down in the current quarter. Receivables remain in good shape.
J. Bjornholt: I just want to clarify. For the current quarter, the guidance is between 25% and 25.5%. In the long-term model, it's between 24% to 26%.
J. Bjornholt: We have a high mix in our product line, and so inventory is never perfect for what the demand comes in at. And so some of that inventory is to help satisfy the mix, the demand mix that comes in.
J. Bjornholt: We don't break that out by -- I think we have a memory reporting segment which is SuperFlash and Serial E-squared combined.
J. Bjornholt: And with respect to metal over cap. The metal over cap is only one of multiple solutions we have that go into the touch market. It's hard for us to track exact revenue that goes into touch because it's a standard microcontroller that utilizes software either from us or from our customers. So it's pretty broad, there's over 1,000 different customers who are using our products in touch-related solutions, all in deeply-embedded applications, and that continues to perform to our expectations.
J. Bjornholt: We don't have a good number that I can give you and stand behind. We know it's broad-based. It's across a broad range of applications, and we can share perhaps some applications in which is going.
J. Bjornholt: Blayne, I think the way to think about it is we will see this early on both sides of the cycle. So we're on the early side of the cycle, but I think when this bottoms out and turns, you'll see that we're among the early people to see on the upside as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: I don't think there's a MIPS versus ARM discussion here. We sell PIC microcontrollers that has a set of attributes that customers expect with respect to our tools, our software, our compatibility, the migration capability. The product is doing well because it meets what the customers’ expectations are and it exceeds in more cases than not. It's still growing off of a smaller base, so that's why you can see the faster growth rates. But I think the argument of MIPS versus ARM doesn't come into the equation here. People are buying PIC microcontrollers.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, first of all, I think it's an incorrect assumption that 8-bit has been declining over many quarters. The last quarter was the only quarter in which we provided some information in terms of trajectory. 8-bit, as you've seen -- if you look at our 2010 results which gives you a fair amount of data as compared to 2009, had good growth year-over-year, has continued to have growth as we've gone into to 2011. And that we feel very good about 8-bit, its prospects for growth and how it's doing. So it has nothing other than the current broad-based weakness that we're seeing incorporated into the last quarter's results.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. So let me just divide, there are 3 different questions there. So on 16-bit, what I said is that the business sequentially was down 3.1% but was up 43% from the year-ago quarter. I'll let Steve talk about the licensing fees.
Ganesh Moorthy: In many cases, touch is one of many things that, that microcontrollers is doing. So it is providing other functions in the application and adding touch as one more function that it does.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think the summary you had and you started with, we know that automotive is starting to show the best signs of beginning to recover. I think industrial has weakened. I think consumer was weak, remains weak. And those are some of the largest segments that we're in. We're not as much in to office automation, although there has been a weakness that we showed -- that we talked about in July, and we don't see anything changing there of any consequence.
