Steve Sanghi: Well, nothing has changed since we made that call. In fact, many other companies are singing the same song. We did not quantify in our pre-release. We didn't have all the data to be able to provide the guidance at that time, so it was a very limited release. We could have waited another 21 days to tell the numbers today. But – son in pre-release we simply made the statement that we see a correction coming. The street reaction and their interpretation of that correction was grossly overestimated.  And, we see a yes, we see a slight correction and one to two quarters worth. For us, last quarter was down, this quarter is nearly seasonal. Our last 10 year average of seasonality for December quarter is minus 4.38, to be exact. To do that math, you've got to take some of the acquisitions out. If you're doing an acquisition in August and you know, it skews the numbers, so you have to do some math to do that. Minus 4.38, and our guidance is pretty much seasonal for this quarter, and we expect us to sequentially grow in the March quarter. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, Joanne, nobody asked us the question when yen went the other way whether our competitive position was improving. The fact of the matter is microcontroller designs are done two years before, and microcontroller sockets are not competed on such a close price issue of yen versus a dollar. A large majority of Renesas business is in Japan, where we have a relatively small business. We see really relatively small competition with them in US and Europe. The ones we see are mainly in the automotive market, where designs are three, four-year designs. It really absolutely has zero impact.
Steve Sanghi: Well, obviously, any stimulus measures announced in China will have a positive effect on us, like it would in any other market. JoAnne, our business is the broadest business any company could have. I don't know really how everybody else counts the number of their customers, but our top 10 customers don't make even 10% of our business. You'll have to go deep tail, we've got 80,000 customers. We do business with everybody, you know, people making no matter what, because microcontroller and analog, they are the most ubiquitous devices. You've got chips in light pens and cables and just everything.  So we have a very, very broad business and with such a broad business, you're very much tied into the sentiment of every little company building stuff and lots and lots of small companies who build their stuff in their own garage shop and don't use the large subcontractors and don't have the sophisticated supply chains and multiple subcontractors building products for them. In that kind of environment information is very hard to get and can easily take a quarter. Because every subcontractor thinks well they gained market share. They're doing 60% of the total. If there are three subcontractors, everybody thinks they're doing 40% of the total, and that number adds up to 120%, just like there's inventory in the channel.  But with our customers with a long tail, it's the chief engineer who is the President and he's directing the buy. We see the impact of any market moves economy related directly on our revenue on a sell-through basis from distribution and also from our direct customers. And with that kind of business, it's very, very difficult to give you end market breakdown, because we do business with everybody. JoAnne Feeney – ABR Investment Strategy:  Okay. We'll do our best with that. Thanks. 
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So we were up in both geographies, so US and Europe were very good. So our problem was in China. Our business in Asia is a much larger percentage than Arrow's and Avnet's business is, so that will really explain one.  Secondly, every single question you can ask in this line what we saw versus the others saw, we make this statement and we make this explanation in every cycle, because the way our business is, which I just explained in answering Joanne's question, we have a very long tail of lots of these small customers, and revenue recognition based on sell-through, that we do see effects of industry turns early, about a quarter or so early. It's happened every time. We go through the same criticism and the same line of questions every time. I don't even know why we do it. And a quarter letter when things settle, then everybody has seen it and then for now then people are telling me for the last 10 years, we have called every one of them right. This is going to be the same.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, we've been in business 24 years. I have been on this job and we've gone through many cycles and our capacity planning has been excellent. This was a one time. We are on a select group of new products and technologies. Our business, as I mentioned, last quarter was growing nearly 15% to 20% sequentially per quarter, quarter-after-quarter for many quarters, almost a couple of years. And we went into a plan for the fiscal year to put a capacity for 50% growth on those products, which internally was questioned are we crazy, and so on and so forth and if I told you, you would really ask similar questions.  We grew more than that. We grew 70% to 75%. So it was because of tremendous success in a certain line of products. It wasn't across the board. It was certain select group of products. The weakness we saw in the September quarter has largely corrected that problem minor amount that remains really gets corrected this quarter. So it was a really short term kind of problem. We have fixed it. It's not a deep rooted capacity-planning issue. We're really good at it. 
Steve Sanghi: We don't really have any US cash to buy back stock. We cannot buy stock with our foreign money without writing a check to Washington, and we're not going to do that. So we'll maintain the foreign cash for acquisitions or to bring it in when some tax favored deal can be put together like it was several years ago for patriation. So meanwhile, we continue to be active, looking for various M&A opportunities rather than buying back stock. 
Steve Sanghi: We do have a $1 billion plus remaining on our line of credit, but we're not going to use it for buying stock. It's not that far away from where it was, you know, $3 or $4, you know, that's not it. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, I am sure and I hope you guys watch the news that I watch and the headlines that I watch. China industrial production was the lowest in 5 years. The growth of that China housing market has been well written. The negative effect on China GDP that has been seen from stimulus that was taken away for a while ago. And then you know the macro conditions were slow. And we had anticipated a certain amount of demand. And sometimes people have trouble making a connection between inventory and lower demand. It's really one and the same.  When the demand is low it creates inventory, because you were building it to a higher demand and then you have to correct for it and it's really one and the same. But macro conditions in China were weak. The whole LP build has been lower. You have seen that in the results of companies who were exposed to that. You have seen broad based guys like announced in the last week. You've seen from plenty of them. Other than really one smartphone manufacturer, unless you're really largely exposed to it, that has been the only strength driven by shipping RF and all those things into those phones. The other big cell phone guy has been weak, also. So there's really only been one place to hide, which is if you're exposed highly to the guy in Cupertino. 
Steve Sanghi: Yes. We've got 13, 14 different divisions inside of Microchip that we put together in about three or four buckets report to you. We can't really break it out on a guidance. We got the numbers, but we believe that it will be reasonably spread equally. 
Steve Sanghi: So, you know, that's another area where I think street's interpretation of our inventory build was a massive inventory in the channel, hundreds of millions of dollars or something. Inventory went up from 31 to 34 days, I mean, that's all. And you know, many companies that say they've got distribution inventory ranges, 8 to 10 weeks or something like that, it's a slight shift, but it all happened to be in China. That three days increase, it all happened in China. So the number of days increase in China is little more than that, and has to be corrected. But it's really not a massive increase in inventory. We don't know what distribution would do, whatever they buy from us, it's not our revenue until they sell it out.
Steve Sanghi: The softness is not at a contract manufacturer’s level. The softness is in a customer demand level. If somebody in the June economy wanted to build 100,000 widgets, in September and December economy he wants to build 95,000 widgets. And you know, when the demand is down 4%, 5% then they are drawing that much less from distribution. If you were building it to your level, then distribution had that excess inventory they've got to bleed out. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, the basic Bluetooth technology we got from ISSC and it's very good, as good as any we could get. But ISSC revenue is $17 million a quarter and CSR had substantial scale and beyond scale, they also have the location technology. But we looked at CSR like any other acquisition would look at. At any point in time, we have three, four, five companies either we're talking to or getting with or doing the analysis. As we valued it, unfortunately our interest became public during the process, due to some leak somewhere. Otherwise you would have never known.  But after total diligence and was really a disciplined approach we have, and our track record of successful acquisitions, we were unable to reach a valuation for CSR that would support making the kind of offer they got from the other company, it was just that simple. 
Steve Sanghi: I seem to recall you asked the same question yesterday in another conference call. The local Asian MCU competitors are not a challenge. There is no new competitors, there is nothing going on. That's not the issue here. We're not really seeing any major competition there. A few commodity guys making low end parts. There's really no formidable Asian competitor, other than the Japanese competitor like Renesas who's really a competitor to us.  I do want to add another comment to Ganesh's answers on 8-bit. We don't want people to walk away with 8-bit having any kind of issues. In the June quarter 8-bit was an all-time record. In September 8-bit was also all-time record, but including a small amount of ISSC revenue which was taken as microcontroller. Without that it was down a little bit. So there is really no immediate 8-bit issue. We don't normally break out the numbers and all that, because of sensitivity on the competition front.
Steve Sanghi: I think we have seen the shallow, couple of quarter correction before, and we're seeing it again. It's nothing like late 2008, and it's nothing like year 2000. But some of these smaller inventory corrections that have come every couple of years or so, it's really one of those. This is a very mild one. And then I think we get out of that with a probably 5%, kind of or less than that, total cut and what we were thinking before was what we're thinking before. You've got to exclude the ISSC, otherwise it complicates numbers. But if you exclude them we missed it by about 4% last quarter. Our current quarter guidance is seasonal or within 0.5% of seasonal. So you're talking 4%, 4.5% kind of total cut. I would consider that to be fairly mild, if it doesn't really go any worse, which we are not expecting.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, so my feeling is that US business is good for everybody, and was good for us. Europe business is also fine. You read the headlines in Europe. Germany is teetering on the brink of recession and all that. I'm not sure all that was seen before. If it gets any worse then it's different, but otherwise Europe business is fine, too. The problem is mostly all in Asia and there are a large number of headlines coming out of China, with a significant GDP drop or slowest industrial production in 5 years, crash in housing, automotive build is low in China. So I think as far as China is concerned, my feeling is with the exception of the companies which are exposed to one guy in Cupertino, excluding that, it's broad based.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. Well, we want to thank everyone for going through this period and listening to our long commentary here. We'll see some of you at the CSFP in Scottsdale, which we will be attending. It's our home state, and we'll see some of you there. Thank you. 
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, we don't have all the visibility into March that perhaps your question implies. We look at what does it seasonally look like. We look at how is the backlog for the March quarter starting to build. We know what has flushed through the system in September and in our guidance for December. And if you put all that together, the best of our intelligence and our own analysis, what we're hearing from our customers, what we're hearing from our field, gives us the confidence to talk about the March quarter being up.
Eric Bjornholt: Sure. I can answer the utilization piece. So, yes, we've taken our factories down. There's some impact in the December quarter from that. We would not project at this point that gross margins would go lower in the March quarter. So with the decline in revenue and we are building inventory in the December quarter, we would expect that just based on our accounting practices we would have higher inventory obsolescence charges, probably not true obsolescence, but obsolescence’s charges from an accounting standpoint.  With our expectation that revenue will increase in the March quarter, we would not expect that to repeat. So, we have taken our utilization down in both fabs and assembly and test facilities, but we aren't breaking out a specific percentage for the street. 
Eric Bjornholt: Adding to your point on inventory, so if you take out all the goofy acquisition accounting, and we ended the September quarter with about 109 days of inventory. And we've got a fairly broad range for the current quarter that's in our release for what inventory could do, just based on our revenue range. But based on the mid-point of our guidance, we think that increase in inventory might be seven or eight days. That would take it to let's say 116 at the mid point. That's kind of on target with what our external guidance has been for target for the longer term. 
Eric Bjornholt: That's a hard one to forecast. We were at pretty low levels heading into the September quarter. It went up by 3 days. If you look at where it's been in the last 5 or 6 years, it's ranged between 27 and 47 days. So sitting at 34 days doesn't really concern us. But you know, there will be some movement, but it's very hard to forecast. 
