Steve Sanghi: Well, if you recall the guidance we provided on sales, all the growth is coming from the partial SMSC quarter added to our numbers. If you take the midpoint of our guidance minus the SMSC revenue of $65 million to $70 million, Microchip is flat to up with just 0.2%, 0.3% or so. In terms of geography, Europe's geography is very weak, made worse so in some of the quarter as we said. So that will definitely be down. And the other geographies of U.S. and Asia were largely -- make up for the drop in Europe.
Steve Sanghi: Well, if you add substantial R&D of SMSC together with Microchip, then those numbers will trend down as we gain synergies and make some restructure and changes, if that's what your question is. But if you compare it to a Microchip R&D number as we had it last quarter, of course numbers will go up because there's substantial R&D from SMSC being added.
Steve Sanghi: See, we have a partial SMSC this quarter and then there'll be full SMSC next quarter for the total operating expenses including R&D or as R&D itself are going to rise in September and rise in December because of SMSC.
Steve Sanghi: So there is no selling of the business involved in getting to those targets. But there's a -- because the definite restructuring within the business itself using the combined energy of the 2 companies, using synergy in R&D, synergy in sales, synergy in operations, IT, finance and other things.
Steve Sanghi: Well, nearly all of their products are proprietary and a very high portion of Microchip's products are proprietary. And you know that proprietary products, they take anywhere from lower 6 months for design win to as long as 1.5 year, 2 years in design before they go to production. So when some of the low hanging fruit from distribution, from each of the distribution in customers, we could get that in 6 to 9 months, but some of it will take longer. And it's also by product. We take much longer in automotive for us to sell into their customers, for them to sell into our customers. But it will be quicker in consumer and it could be quicker in the PC segments. Some industrial segments, especially the USB products and Ethernet products are very, very good products for our broad horizontal customer base with regard with selling to 70,000 customers. And those are easier products to get designed and also relative to automotive.
Steve Sanghi: So there isn't much of product overlap per se. It's like they don't make horizontal general-purpose microcontrollers. 43% of the business is microcontrollers, but they are specialty microcontrollers for automotive, for wireless audio, for computing embedded control and things like that. But there is a substantial overlap in the R&D development because to do a specialty microcontroller, you have to do a large amount of R&D to really build the panel, build the I/Os, build the analog, having an extension, analog library, some of the IT you may have to buy or build from inside or outside, Ethernet, USB, converters, flip-flops, and on and on and on. There are hundreds of circuits that are developed and then you get those circuits and put them together to build a chip. So there is a substantial synergy in developing that library because we develop it today at Microchip and they develop at SMSC. Now some of it comes very quickly, but some of it takes a little bit of time because number one, 2 companies may not be at the same foundry or in the same process node. So the current products will continue where they're being developed, but as we look forward on the even 3 or 6 months forward, the new product design starts. We will try to converge them on similar processes at the same foundries, so these libraries have synergy. There is a large amount of library developed at Microchip, at foundries where SMSC is bringing some of their products. So they could be idiot users of our libraries. Similarly, we are going to certain foundries with some of our products where they're already present, so we can use their library. That's where the R&D synergy comes from.
Steve Sanghi: So your information is not correct, that they carry lower gross margin. A lot of people looking at some of our competitors, also to microcontrollers carry lower gross margins or 8-bit carry lower gross margins or those assumptions have been wrong regarding Microchip also. We know how to make gross margin. And SMSC actually did very well in gross margins. They actually, last quarter, already was about 58%, I think. So I think the numbers you quoted, that those has no gross margin, is incorrect. It may be correct in general, if you look at the other people that build the commodity products to the business, but they were building other proprietary products. Overall gross margin is very good for the company. It's very good for Microchip. And our gross margin has been down a little bit because of absorption, because the revenue has been down because of the recession. When our fab fill up again as the business comes back, you know our gross margin goes into low 60s again like always. And their gross margin is very rough. So the guidance we gave you on overall gross margin of 60% is solid.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the negative surprise largely has been the time it took to get approval from China. Although the people, lawyers working on it have told us it's very rare that a company gets approval in phase 1 in China, and this is the fastest any company has gotten. I think ADI's yield took 5, 6 months. But with all the deals that we have done, public deals and others, negative surprise was it took about 30 days longer than we would have liked. The positive surprises, I think of [indiscernible] and then understand it better. And probably original assessment was hedged and we are more confident as we have closed the deal and risked covering the deal. Closing has gone away as we have looked into the IT systems, the financial systems, the R&D understand the library, the processes, where to do business and all that. And I think we feel very confident and very, very good about it, and as we work with very good, talented employees, many them, we have worked with for the last 3 months with obviously, a fair amount of restriction in really what we could get because the companies have to operate independently. But we are very positive and very confident that as we engage in the coming weeks, this thing will be a great acquisition.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean our current situation isn't drastic like it could be for some other people. I mean, we are -- we have a solid gross margin. Our inventory days are flat. Actually, we were down by 1 day, so we don't really consider a situation to be anything that really needs correction. Business grew in the March quarter. It grew in the June quarter, maybe not as much as we wanted to, but it's a sizable growth. Our microcontroller business was up 5%. Our analog business was up 9%, so the reductions came from licensing and some of the other memory businesses. Some of it was subcontracts. So our products are doing well. And I think we'll -- our plan is to run the factory flat, both in the front end and back end, and inventory will continue to come down slowly. And eventually, there will be an upturn and the factory will fill up again.
Steve Sanghi: Well, so at last quarter's production, our inventory went down by 1%. So if nothing else changes, then our inventory should go down maybe by another day. Although the distribution is a different equation, so the distribution inventory was nearly all-time low.
Steve Sanghi: 31 days. And the normal has been between 31 to 45. So at any point in time, if the distribution starts to rebuild inventory, then our inventory would come down substantially. And it's largely, went up here because the distribution has been keeping very low inventory. And when distribution keeps low, we want to keep it high so it's available to the channel. Now having said all that, going forward, our inventory gets mixed with the SMSC. So the inventory numbers will report next quarter, will be -- have 2 months of SMSC and then 3 months of SMSC. So it's going to be impossible to compare it to really what happened in the prior quarter in the baseline.
Steve Sanghi: So that's a very, very good question. That's something we have pondered with ourselves. Their quarter ended in November and then February. So in the February quarter, they picked 2 very bad months. One is usually the month of December, that has lots of holiday. And then January usually starts out slow after the holidays, and then you get Chinese New Year. You all get that in the one quarter. So that was a very weak quarter. And I think now on our clock in December, you will pick up the December weakness and the December quarter and the Chinese New Year will go with ours. So we'll have to get some cycles of learning. I think you can look at the prior data and do some averaging. Give us some time on our clock and I think we'll be able to help you more. But today is our first day and I think I will just be guessing.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the September quarter, we've given you guidance already. And December quarter, usually the weak quarter for Microchip historically, if you look at it. So this quarter and next quarter, given the backdrop of the economy, of fiscal cliff rating, election's coming, Europe in doldrums, I think the hope is on China, there is some activity in China to try to come up with a new fiscal package. And when China comes up with fiscal packages, that's really to promote usually home appliances and automotive and other stuff for their consumers to buy. We benefited very well when that happened the last time. There is some talk of that right now. If that happens, we'll do very well. And China is the largest geography now. We ship more in China than U.S. But Europe will be weak and U.S. is anybody's guess, I think, if there is no breakthrough in Washington, U.S. will continue to be where it is, more of the same.
Steve Sanghi: So the -- when the deal was first announced, obviously, some customers get nervous regarding what Microchip might do. And a lot of this nervousness is actually deferred, fear uncertainty and doubt created by either the competitors or the analysts, honestly, and I'll tell you why. It is to competitor's benefit to go to major customers and say, "Oh, Microchip today, high margin company. They're different there. Look at the profitability. They're not going to support this. They are not going to support that." I expect them to do so because if I'm the competitor of somebody, I'll do the same. The analysts, with lack of information, very little information is available on May 2 when we announced. A lot of reports come out, some guessing we'll sell the USB. We'll do this. We'll do that. We'll not support this. We'll not support that. And people read that, too, and that makes them nervous regarding the programs they continually have won. So SMSC work very well together. Their management, kudos to them, reached out to us when there were some significant high and large customer concerns, and we made some joint calls to the customers to make them feel comfortable. And in today's call, as people are hearing officially, we're going to keep all the divisions and all the products, keep their sales force, should really alleviate any remaining concerns. Actually, there haven't been concerns after the initial one, which we satisfy.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. I mean, absolutely. Even in the last 3 months, I have visited Microchip's automotive customers where they also wanted to talk about SMSC. In most cases, we could not because -- anti trust issues and all that when it wasn't clear that there is very high interest in SMSC's customers. Microchip is a very good supplier to them. I gave you an example. We have over 20 microcontrollers in Mercedes S-Class cars, and there's a great relationship there to -- with their suppliers and all that. So obviously, they want to talk to us.
Steve Sanghi: So if you look at it, we actually made that quarter. Our guidance was 3 to 7 for midpoint of 5 when we came in at 4. So a slight weakness. And I think most of that came in second half of the quarter. At our earnings call, which was on May 2 or 3 time frame, we had given that guidance. So, so far at that time, we were okay. And the weakness developed later on. I think the last month, specially June, was weak and the late part of May could have been weaker here with week 2.
Steve Sanghi: It's -- it could be anything. It could be end market exposure, the more exposed to automotive, which was our strongest segments. It could be geography. It could be where the business is. And we have substantial growth in 16, 32. Our 8-bit business also is larger than most of those -- so their 8-bit businesses is smaller. So it could be a starting issue at some time. I can't compare to other people's numbers because I don't know what happened in their business.
Steve Sanghi: The accretion schedule that I have given you for now through March and June does not really have revenue synergy in it. As I mentioned earlier, if I want a design tomorrow, we'll be 9 months to production at least. Those are the fastest schedules and most will take longer. So the accretion schedule we have given you is largely through synergy and cost savings and longer.
Steve Sanghi: So I cannot break it down much for you. I think based on SMSC's public number and ours, you might be able to do some triangulation. I've given you synergy and you guys are the model on odd numbers. For me to further break it down, I think it will be telling you guys before the employees have heard it and all that so...
Steve Sanghi: So all vested stock options of SMSC were cashed out now essentially at the deal price. All unvested equity was assumed. And what we have in our share count, I believe, the guidance table has noted the bottom that shows about 700,000 shares dilution.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. So FUC -- I'm sorry, SMSC had a shared appreciation rights plan, which was the cash settled. So they -- an employee gets a certain number of SARs, which are good for 10 years. And after they are vested, they could really, at any point in time, exercise it. And from strike price to the fair market value, they get cash from SMSC. All the vested ones, SARs were cashed out also. The unvested ones are being converted to this inducement plan, and there are about 440,000 shares in that plan. So that's the number, 440,000. The dilution is not all of them because there's a strike price also. So the dilution is already in the 700,000 shares. So whatever comes out of the SAR dilution is already included in the other 700,000 number I gave you. And you can basically ignore this new plan we filed. That's more -- we didn't have a plan like that to convert, so we put a plan like that. But the number that's important to you is already in our guidance table. That fully is inclusive of all invested equity.
Steve Sanghi: There's nothing we need to do in business than we are doing. And like I said earlier, we don't feel that our inventory is alarming. No, it's not 160 days or something. Inventory is probably high by 15 days or so or to what I will think comfortable. We're at 120 and 133, 13 days. I'm not -- I don't need to do a -- I have enough on my plate to get accretion from SMSC, manage the business, restructure it, get synergies from other teams. So we don't really need to do any shutdowns. We don't need to do anything. I think if the business falls off for any reason further, which we're not expecting, we don't have a crisis at hand. We're not [indiscernible]. The business isn't down like some of the other companies. It's really doing fine. Our business compared to a year ago was down...
Steve Sanghi: 5.9%. I mean, that's just -- the framework you guys are in, where you're reading, what other people are doing. And so you're asking us what we're doing. The business is only down 5.9% versus a year ago. The company gross margin is 59%. Operating profit is 32.7%. And those kind of numbers, we're not in a crisis situation. We don't have to do anything.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the economies at the low point, and for all we know, it could get further worse with what's happening in Europe. And I don't know if I completely understand your question. The question I would have expected is, "Why didn't you see the weakness earlier that we always see?" You're asking a question, "Why didn't we see the improvement?" And I'm not sure business is improving right now. But the question I expected that I'd like to answer is, "Why didn't we see the weakness earlier this time?" We always see the weakness a quarter earlier. Well, we would have seen the weakness a quarter earlier if our superior growth of 16-bit, 32-bit and analog and positive sequential growth on analog, both June quarter and March quarter, had an overcoming. That's why we didn't see. So if we had a normal level of growth on 16, 32 and if 8-bit business was flat to down, then we would have seen the weakness compared to the industry earlier. We did see a lower run rate, customers correcting for inventory, lack of confidence, but number of new designs go to -- going to production on 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit and analog overcame it. And now the question you're asking me is, "Why we're not seeing the improvement earlier?" I don't know who's seeing it. And I'm watching the dust from many of our competitors. And the businesses are bad.
Steve Sanghi: We haven't exactly figured out what we're going to provide you. I think for reporting, as we said, the SMSC business will break into 2 pieces: microcontrollers and analog. Microcontrollers will be added to a microcontroller number, analog to an analog number, to the extent that microcontroller has 8-, 16-, 32-bit complements which they do, they will add to our respective 8, 16 and 32, if that was your question.
Steve Sanghi: I don't have the better claim to [indiscernible] for sure. No, I do not know what's the status of those programs and whether they will be implemented.
Steve Sanghi: No, that's not a fair statement. We expect to be able to sell the USB, industrial products into our customers and the computing and automotive also. And we expect to sell some of our products into wireless audio, data synergy, automotive customers, their computing customers, large computing customers and some of the consumer customers, so it's both ways.
Steve Sanghi: So I just wanted to say thank you all for attending the conference today. It's been a very busy day for us here today, closing the acquisition and doing this call at the same time. Although it kind of worked out because after closing, we were able to give you back more information than we could have given you if the closing was next week or next month. So we'll see many of you in the conferences that will happen this quarter and we'll be at some of those. Thank you.
James Eric Bjornholt: Right. So we're not giving any specifics of the breakout of the operating expenses at this point in time, Jim. So we've shared the long-term model on what we expect this quarter. So that shows that operating expenses should trend down, but we haven't given specifics on any particular line item.
James Eric Bjornholt: I believe it's somewhere between 25% and 30%. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. I don't know if Gordon might.
James Eric Bjornholt: Sure. Sure, we can do that. So microcontroller revenue was $240,594,000. Memory was $40,718,000. Analog was $47,184,000. Licensing was $20,282,000. And other was $3,608,000. And those are non-GAAP numbers.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes, that's -- it's small. I don't have those numbers in front of me right at the moment, but it's a small difference. And if you want to follow-up with me, I can give them to you.
James Eric Bjornholt: I think you missed at a few. If you back the numbers out of the $65 million to $70 million in growth, I think you'll see that there is a midpoint of slightly above flat. But it is relatively flat.
