Steve Sanghi: We are unable to break that out for you. It's a sum total, and when we win a business, we don't know whether we're winning that business because we've got great product, because we're gaining share, whether the customer end demand was stronger, it's really always a combination. I think the sense of the overall market demand, you can get that from the average of industry announcements from our peers and competitors, and then you can compare them to our results and kind of make your own assessment.
Steve Sanghi: Well, again, I think your questions and intent is always to kind of piece everything, break it up. But this is kind of hard to do. I gave you nuggets of information. There was a 400 basis points improvement on Atmel gross margin, Microchip's, the core Microchip business gross margins were also up nicely. The increase on Microchip business was much more organic, better mix, better absorption with the growth, better this, better that, slightly but the 400 basis points impact on Atmel gross margin, I broke it out for you, was a result of pricing increases, setting back many of the customer contracts in U.S. dollars back to where the contract was originally done, taking away the impact of weak euro, weak pound and those kinds of things. And there was a better mix on Atmel side also. So, again, lots of moving parts.
Steve Sanghi: So, it's just all a matter of timing. Yes, Atmel's business structurally is slightly lower gross margin driven by a little more consumer mix and really where they have done a lot of the contracts and pricing over time. Now, as we proceed forward, the new products we are building, the new products we're introducing, the new contracts we're doing, the work we're doing with distribution, they will all be very good similar gross margins to Microchip. But it will take a long period of time before you can pay back all the orders sins. Many of them we are correcting in increasing the prices, but many of them are old customer contracts which have clauses where we cannot change them.
Steve Sanghi: So, Ganesh commented on it, that our sales force is very much focused on identifying the analog attach opportunity across all of the Atmel's microcontroller and other products. We have done this traditionally with Microchip microcontroller products where there's a large amount of analog that goes around it and to the best of our ability, we tried to capture that attach. But getting all this Atmel microcontroller business gives us new, fresh opportunity to identify all the analog attach opportunity around it. And our sales force is identifying opportunities. We're adding them to the funnel. In many cases, there are substitute products, in many cases, there are design-in products, which will take a year or so to go to production. But in the coming quarters, you will see significant impact from analog attach to the Atmel products.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's all of the above. We have never bought Street notion that 8-bit is dead, everything is going to 32-bit. That notion has been around from 1994, and I have a cover page EE Times article from that time. And so Microchip has been short for those people since 1994, when the stock was $0.57 in the current currency. So our 8-bit business is extremely profitable, extremely good margins, operating as well as gross. The business did record on core as well as total, as Ganesh mentioned. We are continuing to introduce a large number of new products with new features. We're garnering new customers, existing customers where businesses are growing. We are not seeing what everybody keeps talking about, but please, everybody keeps talking about because that takes everyone away from 8-bit and turn to something else and we're enjoying this business quite a bit.
Steve Sanghi: Manufacturing front. So we talked about it last quarter that we are – we have decided to keep the Colorado Atmel fab, which we found to be very cost-effective fab and very useful for our plans going forward. So we're not going to do anything. There were Street expectations that we're going to shut down that fab. We never said that and we don't know where that came from, but we are not shutting down Atmel's 6-inch Colorado fab. It's very, very nice fab. Now when you look at the back end, Atmel did majority of the assembly and test all at the subcontractors. They did no assembly themselves and 90% of the test was outside. They only did some wafer probe in Philippines. If you compare that to Microchip, we do all of our wafer probe and about 60%, 70% of our assembly and about 90% plus of our test ourselves. So that's where we see some opportunities where as we compare the assembly and test cost structure, Microchip's testing technologies, assembly technologies at lower cost than some of that Atmel is using. And we have put plans together, and some of the lead products are already getting qualified and would be in production next quarter where we're going to be shipping many of these products through Microchip's back end at much lower cost than they currently are. We have not given any guidance on what the impact of all that would be in the coming years. And I think as we get further down, we'll give you more update on that.
Steve Sanghi: Honestly, I don't have the math in front of me, and I don't want to make a comment that I haven't done any math on. I think I gave you the accretion map on Atmel and you could piece it back together, by figuring out what the core was and you can do your analysis. Unless I had it in front of me, I wouldn't want to make an error.
Steve Sanghi: So, I would say that we've been shipping some of the 8-inch products already as of last quarter and this quarter. The amount we're shipping from 8-inch right now is only about, maybe, 10% or 15% of the overall product. Over the six months, 90% of it's probably gone. And then there is a tail end, which is longer term, which continues afterwards. So the bulk of that really comes into our numbers in the next six to nine months, I think. By June, July timeframe, I think you would have seen about 90% of it.
Steve Sanghi: There is no change. The change is that we're not going to buy the stock back. And when I wanted to buy the stock back at $40, where the opportunity presented as low as $38. But you recall there was – Street was really concerned about China at that time and they were concerned about the leverage and they didn't want us to buy the stock back. And we were not concerned about China back in January, as I was telling you there. But the wisdom that prevailed at that time was to not buy the stock back and now the stock is in $60s. So we believe this is not the time to buy back stock. Instead, we will keep the balance sheet as stronger than levering it further by stock buyback and really prepare for the next acquisition, which we were going to do anyway. We're always looking for acquisitions, as you have seen over time.
Steve Sanghi: I don't have anything that I could give you from a guidance perspective. This will be our first quarter with Atmel last March quarter was really – you can't really compare against that. They were under an acquisition and the March quarter was terrible. They lost money in that and all these other things. So, I would say Atmel's business in the March quarter, the consumer part of the business should be down. The rest we have to see how it works out? Microchips, core Microchip March business usually is up from a low-single digits, and we have to combine that with Atmel and figure out what would happen.
Steve Sanghi: Well again, what's normal seasonality? I don't know what the normal seasonality is with Atmel mixed in.
Steve Sanghi: The Christmas bills have shifted dramatically in time in the last five years or so and has been happening incrementally. And let me explain what the shift is. It used to be the case that most of the Christmas builds would be in our revenue in the September quarter because parts get built in Asia. So whatever is being built, equipment gets built by the end of September and gets on ships for six-week journey to U.S. over the ocean and arrives here in time for Thanksgiving when the stores are then full of merchandise. That used to be the case. Increasingly in the last five years plus, what we have seen is the Christmas build is later and later and later. Nobody rushes to build it in September anymore. Parts get built all the time in October and November. A lot of it gets shipped by air rather than getting shipped by sea. And even the heavy items sometimes it gets shipped by the sea and they arrive in November and December. And many a times, there are IOUs where certain product is not available before Christmas, and you put an IOU under the Christmas tree and then you take delivery in January. A lot of the gift card giving has driven that also where people kind of gift gift-cards and then they're actually buying the merchandise in January. So the entire Christmas buying, which largely used to happen prior to the end of September, is now really spread out.
Steve Sanghi: Well, people ask us the same question when Freescale was getting acquired. They asked us the same question when Renesas was forming with NEC, Hitachi, Mitsubishi. And now we're getting the same question with NXP. And I think microcontroller market remains competitive. There are a number of players. We compete with Renesas, NXP, STMicro, Microchip, and others, some smaller players. The market remains vibrant and competitive and Qualcomm purchasing NXPI would not really change anything, because Qualcomm was not a microcontroller supplier. So the same product line that NXP had will continue, and we're not seeing any change now. Although the close of the acquisition is about a year away, we're not expecting to see any change coming out of that.
Steve Sanghi: Honestly, Raj, there is nothing in our strategy that is saying there are a bunch of new players coming in the microcontroller market, our strategy is not based on that, we're not seeing that. If the question is: will there be more consolidation? That is sure to happen. I think there've been companies acquired in the last year, especially Altera, NXP, Freescale that we would not have – and Linear, we would not have expected those mergers to happen. So, if those can happen, I am sure there will be more mergers. But what we're not seeing is that these mergers are changing competitive landscape in any way. The players, the companies are getting larger, and we are getting larger ourselves, and have much, much larger product portfolio, full product portfolio across many dimensions with automotive, industrial, computing, IoT, so on and so forth. So we are formidable competitor ourselves today, but NXPI and Qualcomm merging together doesn't make NXPI any more scary or not scary. NXPI and Freescale merging together didn't change anything.
Steve Sanghi: It is not clear that Qualcomm's sales force had a similar focus in NXPI, and then they didn't have a sales force to call on all of the thousands of NXPI customers. as much of a distribution line. We didn't think Qualcomm had factories themselves where NXPI could leverage. So there were reasons for that acquisition, whatever Qualcomm's reasons were to diversify. It's not clear to us that in terms of the microcontroller and analog offerings of NXPI, the Qualcomm acquisition makes them anything different, which could be troublesome to us. We don't see that.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. So, a large competitor redefined their distribution program where they essentially said that the distribution will only serve the fulfillment part of the business and they will not have the distribution be creating demand and giving them registration and then giving them the demand creation margins. So, since then, we have seen a substantial desire on the part of distribution to bond with Microchip and our combined product line is formidable, Microchip and Atmel combined. So we're getting a lot of that focus, and it will have the usual lead time of design-in, which is a year-and-a-half or so in this business, although there're always some shorter-term opportunities where either the product was designed on both sides or customer has the option to build a model A versus model B, and model A was designed with that company, model B's designed with us, and distribution promotes this model. So I think there is no negative we see coming out of this. We'll get some short-term and medium-term advantage, but a significant long-term advantage.
Steve Sanghi: We're unable to provide further guidance on how far we are and how much more to go. Part of that could be competitive information and we don't want any misreading by the customers on how much more to come because at some customers where we've completely done, other customers we haven't even started. So, if you start to put the percentages on it without communicating with the customers, then it will create unnecessary concern in customers that we will be going back to them for further increases. So we cannot provide any further guidance on that.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. Micrel fab closes in a couple of weeks and then it takes a little while to decommission it and all that. So Micrel impact is really more significant in the next quarter. I think a little bit of you're seeing also from Atmel it's still a lower gross margin than Microchips and driven by – I'm sorry, Atmel is lower gross margin than Microchip and driven by Atmel's mix in the current quarter, a little more consumerish, I think it's a mix when you mix it all together, it results into a slightly lower gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: So, there's 400 basis points improvement on Atmel's business, but you have to average it with the overall business.
Steve Sanghi: I think we can do the math. You could do the math. You're just really misunderstanding it. We didn't say there was a 400 basis points improvement on overall. It was 400 basis points on Atmel.
Steve Sanghi: Well, one thing I don't want anyone to read is that there is an acquisition tomorrow, we've got nothing on our plate, we are extremely busy with Atmel, we haven't done go-live, combining all these systems yet. We're doing that on January 1. We are 130% consumed. We can't do anything very short-term. So, my point simply was that rather than spending $500 million, it'll be actually more than that for the number of shares we issued in Atmel transaction will now be $600 million, $650 million. Rather than spending $650 million on buying the share back, which is really kind of a lost promise now, we're going to not do that and instead leave that – leave the balance sheet with lower leverage. So, when there is new acquisition, when we are ready to do something, when there is an opportunity available, we've got $650 million more available to go forward than the other way round. But there is really nothing happening short term. When that happens, when we find the right deal, we're not going to do a wrong deal and we're not going to pay exorbitant prices that are not accretive and so on and so forth, we have always found at the right time the right deals. When we find the deal, then I'll find the money to do the deal. I'll find the money to do the deal. And next time, I'm not going to listen to your talk about leverage.
Steve Sanghi: Well, thank you very much for attending the conference call. We'll see some of you at the CSFB Conference here in our hometown, Scottsdale. So that's in early – late November. Thank you very much.
J. Eric Bjornholt: And over time, as we are winning new business, it's on a more disciplined pricing basis that the new business is being won. So, in that, as it goes to production four, six quarters from now, it will all be at good margins.
J. Eric Bjornholt: Well, that's the debt that is outstanding today. Future debt would all be based on what our debt-to-EBITDA is at that point in time. If we went and had a new borrowing next week that that rate would apply until we file our next 10-Q, and that's the point where we always have to calculate what the leverage is and what the borrowing grid would produce.
J. Eric Bjornholt: I'd say for the current quarter, it's really a product mix. There's so many puts and takes with gross margins, but I think it's probably driven primarily by a product mix one quarter to the next. We had very good product mix in the September quarter and that changes a bit in the December quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Right. I think the last piece of your question was getting to the 59%. There's a lot of different things that factor into that. We've got the Micrel accretion from shutting the fab, which Steve dollarized for you in his comments. Lots of cost reduction activities that are happening between the combined factory management teams of Microchip and Atmel, So, lots of good things coming.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yeah. I don't think it's necessarily with Bluetooth and wireless. I think there are plenty of areas where people are trying to make devices smart. And if you have innovative new products available as 8-bit microcontrollers, often they are the most cost-effective products to apply to these new systems that are being designed. And we are probably the minority of companies that has innovated to put lots of new capabilities in 8-bit microcontrollers. We are doing that not only on PIC but the Microchip product line before but also an AVR, the Atmel product that we've inherited. And I think if you have products that are innovative at the right price point, which are easy to design in to many systems, they will. I don't think they're anything related necessarily to Bluetooth and wireless – and Wi-Fi specifically.
Ganesh Moorthy: And that's what we've done on all our previous acquisitions, by the way. There are benefits to be had that are faster on materials than just combined purchasing power. There are benefits to be had in bringing selectively some of the manufacturing into our own factories and having the economies of scale to go with it. And it all takes time to put it together, qualify it, get customers qualified but eventually it does happen.
Ganesh Moorthy: Analog is made up of thousands of products. There's no single silver bullet that's going to drive the growth across the various categories I talked about, power, mixed-signal, linear, interface, security, clocks. All of these product lines need many, many permutations and combinations to service the broad range of requirements in the marketplace. And then we're seeing nice growth in the many different categories of analog, and that's ultimately how it gets built is in a broad range of products and applications.
Ganesh Moorthy: We see some of the strengths that others have responded to as well in automotive and industrial, but there's nothing that stands out. We have a part of our business that has a computing exposure to it, and the same strength that players in that space have seen we've seen as well. But it's nothing dramatic in one direction or another. It's generally consistent with what industry patterns have been.
Ganesh Moorthy: If your question is about scale and our concern about that, we really don't see that as an issue. I think we've been asked that question from prior acquisitions as well. We believe we have the scale we need. There is nothing that another acquisition in its scale in some way creates a competitive disadvantage that we see.
