Steve Sanghi: Well, our expedite activity is very high. We're just expediting products on multiple fronts, in multiple markets for customers in multiple geographies and multiple sectors. The -- there is really very little inventory at the end customer. While distributor inventory is lower compared to any historic norms. It was up 2 days last quarter, but still on the very low end of, really, the historical norms. So that's really what gives us confidence that the orders are real. We're not getting any net pushout activity or anything like that. There are always moving parts and somebody scheduled a few parts out, somebody else pulls it in. But the net-net debt demand continues to be very strong. The backlog is very healthy. And we are actually struggling to meet all of the demand we have in the current quarter.
Steve Sanghi: Something in that area. So the gross margin has continued to come up every quarter. Going into this quarter, at the last conference call, our guidance for the gross margin for the current quarter was 57%. And we delivered 58.04% or something. Actually, I just got the number. The gross margin at the bottom of this cycle was 56%. So I could see that we have come up substantially. And it's come with higher utilization, recalling all the employees back for -- back to a fab-sorting production, and we're currently increasing wafer starts further. So the impact of the gross margin is very positive. We're guiding another increase in gross margin this quarter from 58% last quarter to a mid-point of about 58.4%. And depending on how the quarter goes, I guess further strengthen it, there can be upside to that. And gross margin will continue to increase. Our long-term target is 60%, and there's another 200 basis points to go.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the bookings have been strong now for a couple of quarters. I think this is a repeat comment that we made last quarter also. So from that standpoint, there is not really a substantial change in that. I think what's more important is how much of the backlog customers are requesting in a current quarter, but we're giving them few days out. We're getting significant visibility. So there's a fair amount of backlog into next quarter already. But that is a request in the next quarter, we're delivering in the next quarter. That business is normal. The problem is where certain portion of the backlog, customers will take it in September, and we are just scheduled out a week or 2 weeks out. We're struggling hard to pull it in, and we'll be successful in some and not in some other.
Steve Sanghi: We don't like to give that numerically. But with the rotating time-off, we have taken the production down significantly. And a lot of that has come back, and we have increased production even beyond that to really meet the current demand and we'll continue to increase it. But neither I have the numerical numbers in front of me nor do we like to share that.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, so there are 2 other factors. One is assembly and test, which we have been ramping it all last quarter in the fall because a lot of the inventory we had built during slow time was being held up at the high level. So if the demand came back, we can immediately crank up the back end to start to produce more output. The fab cycle time takes longer to improve the output. So that's one factor. The second factor is, as we mentioned in the last conference call, 40% of our dye production now comes from outside foundries, where we do not produce them internally. And there, we are dealing with foundry lead times and queue times and others. And I don't really have -- under our full control were we can expedite around fab.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we started improving output in -- probably, in the middle of the quarter and we recalled the people a little bit later as the line got filled up. So we got more than probably just a month. Secondly, we got a very large increase. The attrition out of the back end, which we were expediting the entire quarter because the dye was healthy. So this quarter, we don't really get as much incremental out of the back end. Because the back end, we had to fill last time. And you add a little bit more of the fab. So when you average it, I mean that's sort of the result we get.
Steve Sanghi: Well, there are several questions in there, a bunch of moving parts. But I don't really think customers, end customers, usually hold a lot of inventory these days. The inventory really gets all pushed down to ODMs and distributors and eventually, the semiconductor manufacturer. But the end customer inventory was just totally dry up in a slow time because, probably, the lead times are very short. So as of the demand strengthened, the first step we see is the significant increase in the expedite activity and we rush to provide a product to them. And then it's not whole, and it catches on and the customer set can give you longer-term orders because they see lead times going long. So we don't you see as much change in the end customer inventory that they're holding. It's mostly the pipeline that we have. We're getting much better visibility today than we got it in January.
Steve Sanghi: So share gains are obvious. You could just kind of do the math. We grew, I think, 3.4% in the March quarter. Add the current quarter growth to that, you're dealing with over 10% growth in just the first 2 quarters and add the one we're guiding to for the September. So from December quarter to September quarter, you will see growth somewhere in the 14%-plus range, cumulatively more than that. So that's a significant growth. Obviously, the markets and economy are not growing that strong. So somehow, a lot of that is growth. A lot of that is new products. A lot of them are exposure to stronger segments and a combination of all those. And there is some part of that, which is the third comment you made, getting some revenue accretion from SMSC. Yes, we've gotten some of that, but that's longer-term. Much of that is still on the design win stage, and we will continue to comment in the year, this year, next year and the year after. But some of it is there.
Steve Sanghi: The biggest factor in getting there is really getting the production higher. We are not at the peak production from a factory as yet. When we had higher gross margins at -- the peak production from our factory goes higher, more of the product is now running in the outside foundries for various different reasons. We're ramping production inside, but we're not at the peak production yet. So I think that's the biggest factor. And then there are a lot of the second and third effects, a whole bunch of SMSC, probe, assembly and test is driving the Microchip factories, which will continue to have accretive effect in the coming year. There is cost reduction, some conversion to new technologies. But those are a bunch of moving parts that happen in our business all the time. And I think the 2 different changes that are not always normal is number one, getting back to a higher production, and number two, completing some of the longer-term accretion items in the SMSC acquisition. SMSC integration is complete. It's running as one company that's fully intertwined. But some of the longer-term items are transferring some of their assembly and test, pro production to inside longer-term items, which are continuing.
Steve Sanghi: I could give you 2 extremes. The shortest lead time is a product we can build in our fabs and we can fully assemble and test it in our factory and ship it. And on a product where there are thousands of customers, hundreds and thousands of customers, a very broad, high-volume product with just lots and lots of customers buying it. Because on that product, we can build it inside plus we can build inventory because it has a broad usage. That will have the shortest lead time and most likely on the shelf. You go to the other extreme, and you take a product that runs at a foundry, gets probe, assembled and tested outside, hasn't been brought it yet either as SMSC product or could be one of our product that runs outside. And if you add on the top of that, especially a product that has a very narrow customer base, 1 or 2 customers buy it, and it doesn't really have a broad-based usage in consumer, industrial communication, PC, a lot of Microchip products, then we cannot build a lot of inventory because the inventory can go obsolete. And some of that product is largely distant -- built on specific customer demand, either on order or understanding with the customers. So that will have the longest lead time. Those 2 are the extremes. And you have -- and that extreme could be 18 weeks. The lowest that is built inside is off-the-shelf. And then, there are products all over the place. That are maybe fab-ed inside, tested outside or fab outside, tested inside, small customer base, large customer base, all over the place. We sell over 100,000 SKUs.
Steve Sanghi: Well, our China business is very strong. And at the first blush would not jive with the substitute reading. We read the reports on both sides. And things are good and things are slowing down in China, but our results don't speak for that. So either it could be a significant market share gain. It could also be the segments we are in, sectors we are serving. And it could also be that the China market is on the lower end of the bit scale. There isn't as much to apply that 32-bit over there. There's a lot of 8 and 16-bit market. And our product lines are very, very healthy. We're gaining a lot of share in 8 and, 16, we got nearly 1,000 products in those segments. And as other competitors may have miscalculated that transition and have maybe consolidated all their resources on 32-bit and very much supported by analysts' viewpoint, I must say, probably didn't serve them well.
Steve Sanghi: No, this is a -- September quarter is usually a weak quarter in Europe. And the normal quarter in U.S. and Asia, and we won't expect anything different. All the sentiment from Europe is that Europe is on demand. I mean Europe was in recession. The business in the [indiscernible] countries is very, very small, especially for our kind of products. Germany is very, very strong and the sentiment is very good in Germany and the reports that we are getting and the activity we are seeing in Europe. Europe is on the mend. In fact, Europe would have a seasonally stronger summer than they historically have relative to the June quarter.
Steve Sanghi: That, I choose not to be granular about. There are lots of moving parts in trying to get there. And I want to leave some room there. So I don't really know. Like we have an internal model, but I don't want to share the total parameters of that model.
Steve Sanghi: So some of that is factored into going from $0.10 where we are at, to trying to get to the $0.40 to $0.45 for the year. But especially the sales part of the synergies are beyond that. So we're getting a lot of new designs into automotive and audio and the computing segment with Microchip products next to SMSC products and set top boxes and USB and Ethernet and LAN and other places. And a lot of those are 1 year, 1.5-year design cycles. So that's not all going to be in here this year. Some yes, some not. You're seeing stronger growth, and that stronger growth and market share gains are driven by a lot of our core growth, but are also getting some help from having a broader platform where products can sit next to each other. That will continue for several years. The manufacturing piece that brings accretion, we will not be completed with all the manufacturing transfers inside Microchip by the end of this year, either. Some of that will go into fiscal year 2015.
Steve Sanghi: If December quarter is seasonally flat to September quarter, then we, probably would ramp the fab a little bit on some specific leading-edge technologies where the demand is very strong. And those technologies are more complex so they require more steps, but they will not be a meaningful change if the underlying business was flat.
Steve Sanghi: Well, so having 40% of our business at foundries, what it gives us, I believe, is if 100% of the business came from inside, when the downturn comes, we have to absorb it all inside, cut production and have a deeper impact. When 40% of the business comes from foundries, it's easier to cut production in foundries without having a negative impact on it because of foundries are observing the utilization essentially. So actually, the model gets better slightly. It has some other negative ramifications. You have less than control and longer lead times and all that. But in a slow time, it helps you to correct the inventory much more rapidly.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the reliance on the foundries has largely been driven by acquisition. The internal shift has been a smaller and slower portion of it because while in some advanced technologies and 32-bit and others, we have gone out, but we've also advanced the state of the technology inside, where some of the products that we're built outside several years ago are now built inside. So we have more ability to keep picking from it and keep that mix more reasonably stable. What has driven this number is really adding $400 million type of business at SMSC, which is all driven outside. And prior to that, the SST acquisition, where 100% of business was outside, plus some of the small transactions we have done, roaming networks in the networking area and other number of small transaction we have done in the last few years. That has been the primary reason why they're outside. When you don't have your own fab, you have the tendency to just go down and move slow and find the smallest technology you can find. And sometimes, it's not the best technology, but that's what fabless companies tend to do.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. We want to thank everyone for attending this conference call. Microchip management and myself and Eric Bjornholt will be at Citibank conference in early September.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes, and it's a mix between our wafer fab and our assembly and test. And assembly and test is cranking out a lot of product today and this is what we utilize.
James Eric Bjornholt: There's no such thing as a fixed lead time. It's a pretty broad range. There are products in which the lead times are small as 3, 4 weeks or available off-the-shelf in some cases, and others where lead times are going to be north of 12 to 16 weeks, in that range. It's a function of what source they come from, what the inventory position on them is, what the demand picture looks like. We have so many line items that are spread across, that there's not a single lead time thing. We're continuously working on the improvement of the supply to meet our customers' requirements and bring the lead times in. And that's an ongoing challenge. Obviously, for some of it that's inside Microchip, it's an easier approach. We have more control on being able to affect change. For some of the things that are outside, we work with the foundries and do the normal things that people who use outside our fabs do to try and get our fair share.
James Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So from a cash basis, obviously, we've been very committed to the dividend program, and that's where our priority is over any share buyback. It's pretty clear in our public documents and how we talk to investors that we have a lot more cash offshore than we have onshore. So we want to be selective on how we use that cash and returning it to shareholders through the dividend program. And so stock buyback is not something that we are considering any time in the near future. We would consider it if the market did something crazy with the stock, that will be something and we have to revisit with the board. So that's primarily where we're focused on. The facility that was put in place in late June with the new revolver. It's essentially an expansion of what we had before. We had a $750 million line of credit before. We've expanded that up to $2 billion. We were borrowing roughly $600 million on that revolver at the end of the quarter, $610 million. And that is essentially dry powder for us for any expansion requirements that we see in U.S. through acquisition or any other strategic mean.
James Eric Bjornholt: Share creep. So yes, the share creep is driven by just ongoing equity programs that we have. But the largest factor there is the convertible debt that we have outstanding and the dilution that comes with that with additional shares outstanding as the stock price increases. And so the stock prices out, obviously, gone up over the last quarter. And what we factored into our guidance here is about $40 average stock price, not knowing where else to peg that for the September quarter.
James Eric Bjornholt: Right. We're projecting inventory to be relatively flat in the current quarter. It's within our model. So I agree with that.
James Eric Bjornholt: Sure. So our onshore cash is somewhere between $50 million and $100 million. We obviously have our credit facility that we can tap into and it -- the less of the credit facility that we're using in the U.S., the lower our costs are. So we manage that as well as we can. But the vast majority of our cash is offshore. That's driven by the acquisitions that we've done that have been U.S.-sourced, taking up U.S. cash, and 80% of our business being offshore. So we've got a lot of the profits that earned offshore.
