Ganesh Moorthy: To your second question, give us some time to put some thought into how we see gross margins building over time, what the long-term model should be. And we will come back to you later this year with a more complete picture of what that will be and what the drivers will be. Many of them are what you just described, which is as we do more in sourcing. There’s a richer product mix that comes into play, there’s pricing discipline. Those are all going to be important parts. But we need some time to process where we are, where we can get to, how we get there and then we’ll come back to you with some numbers.
Ganesh Moorthy: John, the distribution inventory is low, in part because we are constrained right? So distributors continue to serve as customers. But we are not able to help them grow their inventory. At some point, we will be able to as we get our production up to be able to ship them more for them to help build that. But for the moment, neither their customers nor distribution has the ability to grow inventory in any meaningful form. When we look at, where are the number of customer requests we’re getting either direct or indirect through distribution on shortages, lines downs and all that, it’s pretty well represented across the spectrum. It isn’t that one group of customers is doing better than the other. There are a large number of customers who are unable to get what they want, and are in the short or medium term, trying to get more product. In some cases trying to get product through, more than one source if they can, but the constraints are all over the place. And so I’m not seeing channel inventory or customer inventory building in a way that, you can read something into the distribution, days of inventory.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, we have 125ish, 125,000 or so customers we serve. Clearly distribution is an important part of that model to reach that long tail of customers. And customers make the final choice on where do they want to buy, they have an opportunity to buy direct, they have an opportunity to buy from our web channel, they have an opportunity to buy from distribution. And they buy from distribution when they see that the value that distribution is bringing them in support, in payment terms and pipelining of inventory and other ways that distribution adds value is good for them. But, we continue to serve customers through the channel that they find to be the most effective for them. And if that is someone who wants to move direct, so be it for someone who wants to stay with channels, so be it. But whatever relatively channel agnostic and what we’re doing, clearly in a time of escalation, more distribution customers are reaching through directly to us to get help. But that does not necessarily mean that they will shift off of distribution and then to us directly.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, I want to be clear, we’re not providing any kind of guidance that goes beyond the September quarter. We are clearly working on supply improvements. And today, all of our growth is constrained not by demand, but by supply. There are supply improvements were making that are in our control, which is what runs through our manufacturing internally, what we are doing there to increase capacity in each of our fabs at our assembly, our tests, we’re working with our supply chain partners who bring us materials and all of that. And we’re working on capacity improvements with our partners that we do outsourced work through. So, I think, we’ll give you the quarter-by-quarter growth, as we get to the guidance for the December and March and June quarters and all that. But I think what we do see is enough capacity coming on in the subsequent quarters. And the timing is a bit hard to call because, we don’t have a stable environment in which we know exactly what equipment will come on, when will bring on the capacity and all that. But we’re confident enough in how we see capacity coming on that we do expect that each of the next four quarters will have growth in there.
Ganesh Moorthy: Let me start first on the PSP question, right. Our PSP backlog exiting the June quarter was over 50%. And it grew throughout the quarter. And we have customers continuing to enroll in the program, as well as extend the time that they’re providing us the backlog. But, the metric is really something that was important to us to convey during the early stages of launching the PSP program. And so at this point in time, rather than trying to provide a, month-by-month or quarter-by-quarter update, it’s a part of our normal business that we’re doing. Certain capacity corridors, as I’ve explained, are 100% booked already, and we will just manage it, it gives us visibility, it gives us a better ability to service those customers who have long-term backlog that they can place, that are not just non-cancelable. That was the whole objective of what we did. And then to your second question, in many ways, PSP is one element of what we have, that helps us to make sure that the other side of the cycle whenever it is, can be managed well. We’re also bringing capacity on, in measured steps, we’re not trying to, get all of the unsupported done in a short period of time. So every quarter, we’re increasing capacity. And so combination of what we’re doing with measured steps and capacity, what we’re doing with the PSP program, and all of that gives us reasonable confidence to be able to manage the cycle in such a way that we don’t get over committed on the capacity side.
Ganesh Moorthy: We have a very strong demand backlog on us. We have a substantial portion of PSP backlog on us. We continue to have a large amount that were – that is unsupported. So the demand environment we see is very, very strong. Now, the balance is really what can we supply? And how much can we bring on? And our supply lines as we can see continue to give us the ability to bring more supply on quarter-after, quarter-after-quarter for at least the next four quarters, giving us that line of sight into having the capability to take advantage of that demand and grow every quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: And Harsh if I may add to, in with respect to your question, I think any OpEx or CapEx that is needed to grow the business is part of what we’re doing every quarter, right, that’s in built into our business model. It’s really then the capital allocation of, what we do beyond that that Steve was describing.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, as we said, all end markets were strong as we went through the June quarter. Some have been strong in prior quarters as well. We don’t track end markets on a quarter-to-quarter by end market basis on it. But anecdotally, some of what you’re saying is correct. And we do see strengthened data centers in the second half of the year. And I don’t recall what the year-over-year comparisons were on them. But right now, there is no market that is, feeling weak.
Ganesh Moorthy: So with respect to LTAs right, we have a range of how we have those agreements, I don’t believe any of them have been big enough to be in our queues. So, you’re not going to see something there. That we have a long set of partners both on the front and the back end, we’ve worked with them quite constructively, at this point in time. So that’s where we are on at in terms of our capacity for 2022 and beyond and what we need to do to secure it. On the NCNR agreements themselves, those are, there’s a legal agreement, that’s a purchase agreement that we enter into, which have, obligations on our side, obligations on the customer side. And, we’ve had these, this is not new. We’ve done this for many, many years on a smaller subset of our business, and we have not found problems and enforcing the NCNR portions of our purchase contracts.
Ganesh Moorthy: I’d just add to that, but we have made significant increases in our dividend in the last three quarters, and it’s up 18.8%, year-over-year with the three large sequential increases that we’ve made. So we’re definitely heading in the right direction from a capital return standpoint, but the next step is investment grade, and then we’ll take it from there.
Ganesh Moorthy: I don’t think this one resembles any prior cycle. And to some extent, many of these extraordinary cycles are all unique in and of themselves at the question of what precipitated them and what is happening. So, this is a cycle unlike one we have seen before, for many reasons. We constantly look at a set of internal indicators to look ahead and peek around the corner to see when is something possibly changing. They run the gamut of bookings, billings, sell-through, the rate at, which customers are able to have confidence in what they’re placing with us in backlog. Our anecdotal conversations with the executives of many of our customers of our channel partners. So, it’s a process of many, many points of data, that we as a team meet on a weekly basis and compare notes and see what we see, in terms of what does the data tell us? And historically we’ve been able to see things early. I hope we will do the same this time too. At this point, there is no indication of any early warnings.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, China is part of our reporting for Asia. In fact, it’s a substantial portion of our Asia revenue. I think it’s about two thirds or so of that revenue. We reported that that geography grew 11% last quarter, a little over 11%, it is performing as we expect, it remains strong. So, there are no China demand issues that are visible and then what we see. With respect to automotive, we are continuing to increase the shipments to automotive. We are shipping well above where we were pre-pandemic, but the automotive demand also is quite substantially higher. It is a matter of they have many, many companies that supply product to build a car and so you do hear about factories shutting down and customers not able to build what they want. And we are providing the products that we can provide at a rate that is consistent with our manufacturing. But we’re still short to what automotive would like to buy for their growth and for their growth plans.
Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So the price increases largely have a template to pass on cost increases that we’ve had. And we continue to get cost increases on a pretty regular basis in the current environment, depending on what the material or the product that we need to buy and as they come along, we don’t do it all instantaneously. We will batch it and figure it out points at which we will do the increase in prices to go with it. And so that’s a continuous process, and as and when it is needed, in terms of us collecting the data. And at this point in time, there’s nothing in our pricing, thought process that would be different from what I said three months ago. If there is a need, if there are costs increases that we cannot absorb. We patch it at some point in time, and we pass along the price increase.
Ganesh Moorthy: The area we have the most. And the where we have been investing for multiple quarters is in our internal factories. So, we expect that there will be more help coming, where we have more control, which is in our fabs, our assembly and test factories, et cetera. It doesn’t mean we’re not getting anything from our partners we are, it’s selective, it’s really depends on the situation and where we’re getting. But it is correct that more help is coming from the factories, we control them from our foundry and assembly, test partners.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. So on the pricing front, right, I mean, I think there is no insight into which way input costs are growing. At this point in time, every indication is that input costs are going up in 2022. And we’re already starting to hear of input costs going up in 2023. If and when there is a change in the trajectory of input costs, we will relook at it at that point in time, and so nothing to really say about input costs, changing directions at this point in time. In regards to Silicon carbide, it is a program that is important, has focused, and we have been bringing out products on a pretty consistent basis there, and is an important part of our growth strategy is to capitalize on the markets, which have both industrial and automotive components with industrialized realizing revenues sooner. By bringing the benefits of silicon carbide to those markets, they go nicely hand in hand with many of our microcontrollers that play into these power conversion opportunities, which is where silicon carbide plays. So yes, it’s, we haven’t made a big deal of it. But it is an important product line and important initiative for growth for us.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, first of all, I think, in the – from an industry perspective, it’s just the rate of growth that foundries seeing on these lagging edge technologies is so far ahead of any normal planning that they have done. That – it’s overwhelming, what the capacity available is? Well, the normal reaction you would say is, well, why aren’t they building more? Well, the economics of that for the foundries and the opportunity cost versus other capital objectives that they have, don’t always lend themselves to saying that trailing edge capacity is where they want to be invested. It’s not that they’re making no investments, they are, but they’re not fast enough. And they’re not at a rate for products that we consider to be important for us. Now, we’re not doing it across the board, we’re just picking and choosing places where we think there is significant constraint for us, our opportunity for us to make that investment. And that is true not only in the fab, that’s true in assembly and test as well as to why we’re doing it. And what we’re seeing. It will mean that we will continue to use all of the capacity available from our foundry and assembly test partners. Plus, we will try to make sure that we have where we can additional capacity to be able to not be constrained by what is available only from our outside partners itself. In terms of the CapEx itself, I mean, you’ve seen – if you go back and look at our history, last 5, 10 years, you’ll find that we have gone above and below that 3% to 5% – 3% to 4% number, I think the two years previous to this, we were at about 1%. And that’s where the cycle was, that’s what we needed in that. So, I think a three year look, gives you a better sense. And we could spend more than 3% to 4% in any given year, as we look at investing at a time when that need is there, and then we’ll breathe with that capacity and let it all build out over that time. But at this point in time, that’s what we feel comfortable with. If that changes in time, we’ll keep you posted. But all this capital that we’re investing, all the capacities we’re bringing on, all of it, we think will be accretive to our gross margins, and will enabled growth that we would otherwise not have had, if our only choice was to take it outside.
Ganesh Moorthy: We don’t drive distribution, to what inventory they should carry. The numbers we report are, what their decisions are, both in terms of what they see as a demand, but in this – in the current condition, what they see as the supply available to them. PSP customers are coming to us as much from distribution as well. So, I would not take PSP and say it’s direct customers; only, many, many customers who are distribution customers are placing PSP orders on it. The issue is that when demand so far exceeds supply, you cannot build inventory internally or in the channel at that point in time. So, until we get to the point, where we can help provide more product than they’re shipping out. Distribution inventory is not likely to go up.
Ganesh Moorthy: No, there are scenarios in which a 12-inch fab may make sense for us. But there’s nothing really to talk about at this point in time.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, firstly, taking our own internal factories, right. So many of the protocols that we implemented last year, to operate safely to have backup plans if people need to be inside of the factory and all that is normal part of our contingency planning. In addition, we have taken steps to accelerate how vaccines can be brought in and deployed. So for example, over the course of last week, and this week, a substantial portion of our Thailand factory is going to be fully vaccinated. We’re taking steps to get preventative things we can do. We’re trying to do the same thing in the Philippines and then we have some, some challenges to overcome to get there. We’re working with our factory partners. And, from where they’re operating, there are challenges. So far, nothing is really a major enough issue for us to result in significant loss in production. So as that data unrolled, and as we see what the rules and regulations are, we will manage around it. And as best as we can we have contingency plans. But I know it’s – there’s no, answer which says we have all scenarios thought through so far no major issues. And we’re okay with where things are at, but being prudent on where things might go.
Ganesh Moorthy: I want to thank everybody for attending the call today. We have several investor events coming up over the next month, month and a half of timeframe. And we look forward to talking to many of you at that point in time. So thank you.
Steve Sanghi: I think, the way we have described before is that, we begin our acquisition process back about 13 years ago, when we were, well below a $1 billion company. And we were I think we were probably worth only $700 million, $750 million company. And we were trying to scale the business 10x, so that we don’t have a competitive disadvantage against a larger competitors. So TI is still larger, but many of the others in Infineons and STs and Maxim’s and ADIs and, we’re really caught up to all of them in the last 12 or 13 years by scaling the business almost 10x at the current quarter guidance, we’re running somewhere in excess of $6.5 billion. And we wanted to do that, while building a portfolio of products around the microcontroller so that we can provide the entire total system solution to the customers, having analog some memories and some connectivity, USB, Ethernet, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, in all that power management and everything else. So those two things we accomplished. We scale the business almost 10x and we acquired a organically build all these products to be able to complete customers solution. So at this point in time, and I think we have said a couple of times that we don’t find the next acquisition to be necessary. Given small acquisitions here and there tuck-in tied, if the opportunity arises, we would but we’re not really working on and looking at any large acquisition, because that’s strategically not needed today. We have enough product portfolio and we’re working very hard to train our sales force and customers to be able to use the entire total system solution from Microchip and show the organic growth. And as we adopt that strategy, and as we pay down substantial amount of debt already, and continue to pay it further, then you have a larger, somewhere around $1.5 billion burning hole in your pocket. And what do you do with that? You’re seeing, why don’t we acquire, and I’m seeing, we do not find that strategically needed today. So, what we’re planning to do is, as we achieve the investment grade rating, and as the debt level comes down further, then we start getting larger and larger amount of cash back to the shareholders, some in the form of dividend and some starting buyback program. So, that’s sort of the summary of where our current strategy is.
Steve Sanghi: And some of the smaller companies, maybe acquiring, I think, the really sort of cutting edge strategy, which we concluded in the prior 13 years, when they were not buying and maybe they’re buying something today. We don’t do something because somebody else is doing, I think, we had a laid out strategy, we completed that phase. And that part of the strategy is no longer important. So therefore, we’re going to the next phase.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, I think you said it well, the board has not defined a bottom number for the debt leverage at which we will essentially start paying down debt and give 100% of the cash back. They have not really defined that number. In future they might. In addition, even if we add Sundays stop paying debt. As a business rises and EBITDA rises, the leverage will continue to come down without even paying the debt, which was one of your point also. So that’s where we are, I think it’s a work in progress, we keep giving you update every quarter. We’re getting fairly close to the investment grade rating. In my comments, I said, by the end of fiscal year 2022, which is March next year, again, it’s a independent decision by the rating agencies, but we expect that, we achieve the financial and leverage metrics, which should get us there by then. And at that point in time, the board will have lot more flexibility to give a, to start a buyback program and also increase dividend. That’s where we are today.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think in the last several years, we have read reports, people calling the end of cyclicality in the semiconductor business, there’ll be no more cycles, I think all that is wrong. Like Ganesh said, the events that precipitated this cycle could not have been forecasted two years ago. So, when that happens, and it put a major pressure on the industry from both sides, decreasing the supply line and increasing the demand, in certain cases driven by work from home and medical and other. It created this supercycle that we haven’t seen in 40 years. Similar other situations where to come in five years from now, 10 years from now, it will create a cycle again. So those cycles have really not been repealed. People will make some adjustments, maybe keep larger inventory, and do some other things. Some people are trying to get long-term agreements for supply. But it’s not predictable how much supplies needed five years from now, and many of those agreements you will see will have a bad ending. If there is a recession, people are not going to need that product. There’ll be their excess inventory, pay for play agreements don’t work out very well usually.
Steve Sanghi: I’d like to clarify that the foundry part of the answer. Ordinarily, when the industry has a normal kind of growth rate, whatever it was over the last 10, 15 years, usually movement to the faster node by the leading edge guys, kept freeing up enough trailing edge capacity. So that the trailing edge guys didn’t get constrained, because the leading edge capacity of today is a trailing edge capacity of five, six years down the line. And that’s how trailing edge capacity became available, because it was originally built for people who wanted more leading edge. And then many years later there was available for the trailing edge. But when the industry grew this year, at the rate it has grown, most companies have announced year-over-year growth rates of 20% plus our September guidance is I think about 25% up versus same quarter a year ago, then that is a growth rate on the trailing edge technology is much, much higher, then really what would become available through ordinary process of nodes moving up. And so therefore, the leading edge capacity is constrained also today, it’s not like there’s all the capacity available at 40-nanometer and 28-nanometer, they’re all constrained also. But foundries are willing to add capacity on the more leading edge nodes then they are on the trailing edge given the choice of the capital allocation and their priorities they are working on more relieving the leading edge capacity, leaving the trailing edge much more constrained because of the such an aggressive growth if the growth of the industry returns back to a much more normal over the 10 years, then it’s quite possible that the trailing edge capacity will not be as constrained again.
Steve Sanghi: We’re shipping higher and higher amounts for distribution every quarter, but it sucks out the door, because of the strong demand for sales out. So, because the supply is so constrained, you cannot really build inventory anywhere.
Steve Sanghi: The company you mentioned is not a good example for us, our operating margin is higher than the gross margin.
