Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So it starts with having high-quality backlog. And PSP being a high percentage of our backlog, well over 50%, is the highest-quality backlog. It is noncancelable. It's customers who have put time into making a commitment to be noncancelable and that is always going to have far more thought that goes into it. It starts also with the supply side where we are making calibrated investments every quarter. We're not trying to go satisfy all the demand that's out there. And our lead times are long but they've also, in specific areas, started to improve. And that helps with customers who have visibility out in time. And then the end market exposure we have is another huge benefit to us, right? Most of these customers in these end markets are not in volatile markets where things can go up and down in short order. They're looking at the long-term. They're looking at demand that is far more durable. And you put all that together and we feel we have a model that is outperforming and for those reasons, from a market standpoint, supply standpoint and what we have done for ourselves in terms of total system solutions and the mega trends we're focused on and the design-in activity that we have pursued.
Ganesh Moorthy: The lead times are all over the place. We have some lead times which are as low as 4 to 8 weeks. We have a lot of them which are at 26 to 52 weeks. It's corridor by corridor, product by product, where the constraints are, right? We go to work every day trying to improve it. And as long as supply improves, we're able to do that. Demand remains still strong. So there’s not a single number I can give you or a single percentage that I can say, “Hey, this is what the lead times are at.” But most importantly, it’s not just the lead times, it’s also how strong the demand is. And you can see with some of the end market data that we provide you the information on the growth, right? The end market growth is keeping pace with what we’re shipping in to -- on a GAAP basis.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. So you should look at it as it's a very strategic thought process and decision for us. It's something we think about over a 20-year-plus time frame of what it will do for us. Not unlike how when we bought our Gresham fab just about 20 years ago, right? It was a long-term investment that we made. We have many processes that are at 300 millimeters that our candidates. We have some specific ones we would look at as the early ones we bring in. But I wouldn't look at it as necessarily just bringing all the stuff inside as much as, as we grow, we would have additional places where it can grow. This investment will happen over multiple years. It will be largely within the range of the CapEx that we have provided and that we do not expect it to have either an impact on our dividend or our share buyback or anything else with where we're at.
Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So let me answer the second one first. If you look at the old Microchip, we had more exposure to markets that perhaps are more volatile, right? We didn't have the same aerospace and defense, data center infrastructure. We weren't as high in industrial and automotive. And those are far more durable, right? We had a much higher consumer exposure if you go back 10 years or the financial crisis in that time frame. So that has changed to where we can see the customer and their end market demand as being far more durable today than it was in history. On your first question about what about the buffer. I think the amount that's being built is small because we're not able to ship, right? I mean we're constrained in our ability to service all this backlog that is unsupported. But anecdotally, are there going to be some customers who are building in? Yes, we're sure there is some of that. But we still think it's small. And mostly, it is in the markets where there's a very large multiplier for the OEMs end product as compared to the value of the semiconductors that they're carrying..
Ganesh Moorthy: So firstly, we have confidence both on the demand side as well as the improving supply that we're making. But let me put it in perspective, right? Even if we accepted 100% of all the cancellation and pushout requests of noncancelable backlog, this factor alone would not have changed our September quarter results, our December quarter guidance and we would remain poised to grow sequentially again in March. So don't assume that it's the non-cancelability that is somehow propping us up.
Ganesh Moorthy: I would add one more thing, right? I think on 300-millimeter, where -- if we started on a fab tomorrow, it's 4-plus years away before that fab is starting to ramp. So these are not decisions we make in a single cycle. We think through these across cycles on a long-term secular growth basis and what our position is and what we want our capabilities to be out in time.
Ganesh Moorthy: So firstly, in a given quarter, by the time we get to that quarter, is an overwhelming percentage of what we ship in that quarter. That's what customers who place backlog back in time, receive priority for it, expect. And that's what we give them. And so further out in time, there is more space and new backlog can come in and fill it out. But near term, like what just happened in September or what is going to happen in December, has a very, very high percentage of it that is PSP backlog that is being fulfilled. Let me reiterate the point Steve made and which I made a little bit earlier on. PSP backlog is the highest-quality backlog is there. We make noncancelable commitments to our suppliers and we don't make them lightly because there is a financial commitment that is required to have enough scrutiny. Similarly, our customers have significant scrutiny when they're trying to make commitments. They don't try to get excess capacity order from us. They, in fact, will try to undershoot so that they can actually hit it. So I want you to take from this that PSP backlog is the highest-quality backlog. We have far more cancellations and request on non-PSP but PSP backlog is very high quality.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. When we talk about potential inventory at customers, all we can see is what do they publicly report. But I can tell you that the level of expedites and customer escalations we're experiencing remain high, indicating the demand supplier imbalance for many customer situations.
Ganesh Moorthy: Well, this is not the first time we've had to deal with noncancelable backlog. It has been a part of our business for basically ever, right? It's just that the percentage of that has grown. We work with customers on what their requirements are but you can't have an asymmetric agreement where heads, they win; and tails, we lose, right? You got to make sure that there are commitments. This is why if you make sure that there is an understanding that there is a responsibility with placing that backlog, they will moderate the backlog they place on us. If they have no responsibility, then there is no reason why they wouldn't just give us much, much higher backlog than where they're at. So we think, again, going back to the quality of the backlog, it comes because it has responsibility that goes with it. Outside of that situation by situation with the customer, we're in this to be in business. But we're not in this to say it's all risk-free or all the risk is on our side in what we go with it. And by the way, by and large, that’s how customers have expected this thing as well. They’re not pushing on us to say, “Hey, I didn’t mean that it should be PSP and I now want something else different from what we had agreed to. So I don’t see that as big of an issue. And by the way, if we didn’t have PSP, the situation we have is far, far higher backlog and far bigger of a fall from that high backlog we have.
Ganesh Moorthy: Let me give me one more piece of data. We're making a big deal of cancellations. If you aggregate all the cancellation requests we have, it's 4.5% of our total backlog and that includes PSP, non-PSP and it will be dominated by non-PSP. It is a negligible part of the business, guys.
Ganesh Moorthy: The best metric probably is what is the unsupported backlog exiting quarters. And I'm going to tell you, it's high. It's probably not healthy to be there and we will work to improve that. And it is to improve the customer service and the customer experience with it. But we have still substantial constraints that we're working through and it will take us many, many quarters to work through them.
Ganesh Moorthy: So pricing is stable. There are no price adjustments that are being made that are affecting where the quarterly results are. We did make an adjustment at the beginning of this year or the early part of this year and that's where it's at. I don't think we have any price adjustment plans into 2023 that are in the offering. And so pricing is really not a factor today. in terms of what we're executing, where we are going in terms of our new designs and where we are in terms of our business.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a hypothetical. We don't know what '24 is but we believe we are gaining share. We are executing the total system solutions strategy we have. We are focused on the fastest-growing markets and we are seeing substantial wins that are creating the tailwinds for us.
Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So aerospace and defense, I think, is about 9%, 10% of our revenue. It is performing extremely well for many reasons. And you missed commercial aviation. Commercial aviation is going through a strong resurgence. And so all 3 elements space, defense and commercial aviation are all doing strongly in the current environment. And they are generally less influenced by shorter-term macroeconomic conditions.
Ganesh Moorthy: So firstly, on process technologies, those are still being worked. But largely, we use our 300-millimeter foundries today on process technologies that are 90-nanometer and smaller in size. And the workhorse technologies for trailing edge tend to be at 40, 65, 90 in that general neighborhood. But those -- we wouldn't limit ourselves just to that. Again, I want you to think of this as this is a 20-year, 25-year look at what we would do with the 300-millimeter fab. The reasoning for it is we have -- as our business has grown, the portion of our business that we do with 300-millimeter has also grown. And the investment in the trailing edge part of 300-millimeter technologies has not been there with many of our foundries at the level that we have wanted. And -- but it takes a certain scale to get there. And if you had a full boat fab that you needed to build, the way in which the breakeven points and the absorption points come about are different from when there is a fab that can be built with government funding and the investment tax credits and whatever local things come in. So clearly, that has changed the equation as to when does it make sense financially. But that's not the only reason why. We think trailing-edge 300-millimeter technology is going to have constraints for a long time to come and a portion of that being within Microchip would allow us to better serve those markets.
Ganesh Moorthy: And the mix of the business we have has end markets that are far more durable in terms of how they perform and what gross margin these products and solutions we bring are able to command. And it's not just silicon. It's silicon, it's software, it's systems, it's services. These are very, very sticky applications and markets that are not prone to perhaps what a pure consumer or mobile phone type of market may have.
Ganesh Moorthy: There's not an easy way to break that up. Clearly, with constrained capacity, we will direct them and have been directing it to the highest-value products that we're producing. We're shipping more units. So there's a lot of the growth that's coming from capacity and additions that we have made in it. But I certainly don't have a good way to parse out what comes from mix and pricing versus what comes from units alone.
Ganesh Moorthy: No. We don't dictate what channel inventory needs to be. The channel decides what inventory do they need. In some cases, we may be constrained in shipping it to them and they may not be able to get what they want to but channel has a history of what does it take to support the mix of product, the customer expectations that are there. And we are at the low end of what they have historically done and whether they're going to be at 19 or 20 or 25 or 30 is really a decision they're going to make. We don't tell them what to do in terms of inventory.
Ganesh Moorthy: So OEMs don't tell us what inventory they carry, right? Now what we can gauge is how are they interacting with us on how they see business, how they're -- how many escalation issues are we still working? And we don't see an abatement in terms of what they're trying to do. And OEMs also have not only a requirement to sell to their demand. They're also trying to replenish their dealers and what the dealers inventory needs to be trying to replenish what the rental car inventory needs to be out there. So demand is still running strong and we don't see for our products an inventory issue that they're bringing to us to go solve. If anything, we're working more shortages and constraints for it with them.
Ganesh Moorthy: So pricing over the history of Microchip is a strategic exercise for a sole-sourced product that is proprietary from us. The only time when we have made a pricing adjustment that's been broad-based, is over the last year to 1.5 years, when we had cost increases with a view towards covering the cost increases that we were subject to in the way we passed on margin up for that. So outside of that, pricing is not something we try to take advantage of when there are constraints nor is pricing something that we give up on when there is extra supply.
Ganesh Moorthy: Great. I want to thank everybody for hanging in there and despite some of the technical challenges. We appreciate the questions and we look forward to seeing many of you and talking to many of you in the phone calls and conferences we have coming up. So thank you.
Vivek Arya: For the first one, it’s very interesting you’re considering a 300-millimeter fab. I was wondering what is driving that decision? What kind of CapEx will it require? Will it have any impact on your dividend or buyback philosophy? And does it mean you will bring back some of what you’re giving to external foundries inside the company? Just any more color on the 300-millimeter fab. I appreciate it’s probably still in early stages of discussion.
Vivek Arya: And for my follow-up, I think, Ganesh, you mentioned that one reason that you might be seeing the strength as some customers are building some buffer inventory. I'm curious how far along do you think they are in that process? And does it just pull forward their demand from outer quarters? Because I think what everyone is trying to get a sense for is that in most prior downturns, Microchip was always the first one to signal when the macro conditions weakened this time conditions are weakening, every one of your competitors is saying that yet you're not seeing it. So what has changed versus your analog industrial peers? I can understand the consumer part but what’s different versus your peers who are also exposed to the same automotive industrial type markets. Are you there? [Technical Difficulty]
Vivek Arya: Yes. So basically, what I asked, Ganesh, was that you mentioned customers are building buffer inventory. I was just wondering how far along they are in that process. And in general, if you contrast Microchip today, versus in prior downturns, right, when you had a somewhat similar mix of products, the company was always the first to see the downturn but you’re not seeing it now. So I was curious what is the difference between the old Microchip versus the new Microchip.
Stephen Sanghi: Right. So it began 1.5 years ago with capacity being constrained at all the nodes, trailing edge, leading edge and the middle of the way. What has happened in the last few quarters is with the personal computers and cell phones which are significant consumers of semiconductor and mostly semiconductors on the bleeding edge of technology processors and very high-end chips in the cellular phone. With the production in that market, the leading -- bleeding edge capacity now is really no longer constrained. You have seen dramatic downside guidance by a lot of the very leading-edge people. So today, if you wanted a 7-nanometer, 10-nanometer 14-nanometer capacity, you can have everything you need. But the trailing-edge capacity continues to be extremely constrained. On trailing edge, we built some inside and we also bought some from the foundries and we are constrained on both. Inside, we haven’t been able to get all the equipment we wanted. Most equipment that was even scheduled to be delivered got pushed out by many months, sometimes many quarters because the equipment supplier wasn’t able to get semiconductors for their parts. So the inside products that we’ve done inside remain constrained on many different corridors. And the capacity we buy outside is really very similar. The trailing edge capacity remains constrained and we currently believe will remain constrained well into 2023.
Stephen Sanghi: And on the prior question, we were talking about backlog and why we are so resilient and in the prior cycle that we used to be the first one to see this and why we're not seeing it today. I think I wanted to add a comment -- a couple of comments. One that Ganesh mentioned which is a dramatically different end market mix we have today than when you used to call the canary in the coal mine. And secondly, I think we want to keep emphasizing that PSP backlog is a very high-quality backlog. When a customer has to commit 12 months and in some cases, 18 months and longer noncancelable, non-reschedulable backlog, there is a lot more thought that goes into it. And it's not the junior purchasing manager who places the backlog. It goes up for approval. So it's a much, much higher-quality backlog. And people don't just double order it thinking that they would cancel it because it's noncancelable. They don't double order it thinking that Microchip would let them change the rules, then we'll let them cancel it. So that backlog is very high quality. We've gotten very small number of scattered requests here and there. And as Ganesh mentioned, if we were to take all of them for cancellation, it wouldn't change anything. It would not change our September, December or March. It's just a minuscule percentage. It really means nothing almost; so take that into account. We've heard from a lot of investors and analysts that think PSP is some sort of accident to happen because people are building inventory and we're not letting them cancel it and the fall would be even harder. I think that thinking is not correct.
Stephen Sanghi: You should also think that when we took the PSP backlog and for the last 1.5 years, in the middle of extreme constraints, we made a choice to ship to the PSP customers and not ship to the non-PSP customers. All the non-PSP customers are not low-quality customers. Some of them are very good customers but their business is such that they cannot make a 1-year commitment, so they were non-PSP customers. They got very little product. So we made a choice to prioritize giving it to PSP customers and let the other customers go, not get product, get somewhere else. So our PSP customers have benefited from the best of our attention in the last 1.5 years. And now they can have the best of them and then be flexible and not really meet their part of the bargain. We have added capacity for them. We prioritize them. We lost the other customers when we did not give any product. So I think this…
Stephen Sanghi: I think the gist of your question is that lots and lots of PSP customers want to cancel and we're just now letting them do it. And that is not the case. There is a negligible amount. I mean, at any point in time, you have customers that want to move small things around. The PSP backlog is not going to see the behavior that you're talking about. We're not inundated with PSP customers wanting to cancel the backlog and we're not canceling it. And that's not happening next quarter. It's not happening quarter after. I think that's the issue. That's your assumption that it would happen. We don’t think we will face that because the PSP backlog is very high quality and customers can easily start to adjust it by taking the foot off the gas pedal every month when they place the order 12 months out.
Stephen Sanghi: I don't know if Ganesh said that earlier but our unsupported backlog leaving September quarter was another all-time high. So during the quarter, customer wanted more parts to be shipped in the September quarter that we couldn't ship and the unsupported grew over the June quarter to another record. So that doesn't mean in any way that customers are feeling that the lead times are coming in. I mean we are broadly constrained almost everywhere. I mean we've got daily escalation calls from multiple customers every day. So it hasn't even reached the peak. The unsupported hasn't even reached the peak and started dropping. It is still growing.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, you have to define what unscaled meant. As Ganesh talked about it in his remarks that we're not seeing anything today but we see the macro weakening and what all the other companies are saying. And what we are seeing is if macro ever catches up to us, then we have step in place to create a soft lending. When you say unscaled, we're not saying we're going to keep growing 22% per year forever like we have been. But we will soft land the plane because of all the attributes Ganesh went over.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, for the last year, it doesn't really matter what distributor wanted. We just don't have the product to start them, so there has not been a choice. And we don't think there's a choice for -- well into 2023. But someday, when we have parts available to start distribution, at that point in time, it will matter what they want to do. Right now, it doesn't at.
James Eric Bjornholt: And even outside PSP, I want to note that our standard cancellation window is 90 days. So when we enter a quarter, really, everything that's on books for the quarter is noncancelable, whether it's PSP or not.
James Eric Bjornholt: So when we speak of end market demand, it is everything that we ship to our direct customers which is no different than GAAP revenue. And then the other difference is that roughly 50% of our business that goes through distribution, it represents the distributors' sell-through to their customers rather than what we're selling into the distribution channel. We do not have any kind of view in terms of exactly what our customers are doing with inventory. We service 125,000 customers and that’s just not data that we have or is possible for us to track.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes. I mean it somewhat depends on what the revenue curve looks like out in time. Obviously, we're guiding for nice growth again in December. Ganesh has made comments about March being a growth quarter for us. So it's going to take us some time to catch up, Will.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes. I think one other thing I'd like to point out, Will, because you're talking several quarters out in time beyond March, right? A customer that's on PSP and has 12 months of backlog with us, every week or every month that goes by, they make a decision in terms of what the next backlog that they're going to put on us out in time. They could put 0 backlog. They could put 50%. They could put 120% of what it was the month before. And so these fears of rising interest rates and recession, this is not new when we woke up today. This has been happening now for several months. And I think customers gradually adjust that over time. But as Ganesh has said, PSP is still a large percentage of our backlog. We still have tons of unsupported. And it’s been a program that I believe has worked very well, not only for the customer but for Microchip.
James Eric Bjornholt: So, we actually grew quite a bit of inventory on our balance sheet in the September quarter and you'll see just below our guidance table in our press release, we're expecting that to grow again this quarter. And in my prepared remarks, I kind of went through some of the reasons why that is happening is we're positioning the company for future growth. In terms of distribution, distribution inventory stayed flat quarter-on-quarter at 19 days. And we think at some point in time, there will be some level of restocking in the distribution channel. That's going to vary by distributor and what -- how they manage the business. But in the meantime, with their inventory being relatively low, we feel that we need to have more inventory on our balance sheet to support the end customer needs. And so that's what we're doing. But really, we are now within our target range of inventory days that we provided to the Street back in our November Analyst Day. So, we're managing it appropriately in a challenged supply environment, I would call it.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes. I mean, obviously, we've continued to integrate acquisitions. We've got a different product mix than we've had historically. We feel really comfortable with the margin targets that we've set out for the Street which we are above today, as you mentioned, on the operating margin side. Because the business has grown so well, we've got quite a bit of cushion. I would call it on our OpEx today with the level of bonuses that we're playing, variable comp that will allow us to adjust if need be, if the macro catches up with us at some point in time. So -- and we want to build inventory in our own factories. We think the distributors will rebuild inventory. And so we don’t want to give a specific number. But again, the range that we’ve provided on a long-term basis, we think that we can operate within that. And obviously, we’re operating above it today.
James Eric Bjornholt: Ultimately, they need to stock the level of inventory appropriate to support their customers and they’ll need to find the right level of that as supply becomes less constrained than it is today. We have a lot of unsupported backlog to our distributors today that we need to catch up on.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes. Well, I think the biggest drivers are going to be factory utilization, right? I mean we have more backlog than we know what to do with at this point in time. And so the factories are running harder than they've ever been before, every piece of equipment that we have to produce as much product as we can. And so with that, our planning and operations team are able to schedule things and batch runs and try to produce as much product as they can. So that’s a big thing. And then I think the other thing that we talked about in the response to some of the earlier questions is just our product mix and how that’s changed over time has continued to enhance the gross margin.
