Steve Sanghi: Well, it seems like the gist of your question implies the revenue and continues to gross down here and trough somewhere. Our expectation is that December quarter is seasonally very normal. And as you have seen in the past, December quarter is seasonally down, and then the March is seasonally up. We usually grow low single-digits in the March quarter. And our current expectation is that, that will not be really any different.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So I'm not seeing a recession in front of us. The recessions come in various forms. There are unit recessions, the demand recessions, inventory revenue recessions, financial crisis. And everything is different depending on what we do with our fabs, what we do with our assembly and test, what actions we take. So it's very, very difficult to guide on something we don't see today on really what our actions would be in response to that recession.
Steve Sanghi: So I'll give you a general opinion on inventory. We don't manage the inventory. We don't manage our factories in a way that we constantly take them up or down to try to manage into a very tight range of inventory. You can go back into our history, we have never done that. The companies who do that are either constantly laying off people and cutting production and then hiring untrained people and definitely trying to grow and making mistakes when the times grow stronger. Our desire to the cycle usually is to run our factories in a much more constant fashion and allows the inventory to fluctuate up or down. Now the very long life cycle of Microchip products, microcontroller, analog and memory products historically has always allowed us to manage it in that fashion, in not taking any large inventory write-offs. You could go back in history, there's no record of Microchip coming into you and saying, we rolled off $100 million of inventory, like some other competitors may have done. So we run the factories much more normally. And we allow the inventory to fluctuate. And as Eric mentioned, in more recent past, we now have 40% of our business coming out of foundries because of significant large acquisitions and others which allows you to really control inventory rapidly by turning the stacks on the outside factories. So when you put it all together, until just 1.5 months ago, we were expediting products and trying to improve production and adding capacity because we -- the midpoint of our guidance for September quarter was 4%. We produced 6.5%. If you manage too tightly on the inventory, you cannot produce that kind of upside in a very short timeframe. And now the December quarter is seasonally down, we expect March quarter to be up. In that kind of environment, we don't really take any actions. So the inventory driven by lower revenue will be higher in December. And we'll decrease some in March. And we'll take those actions over the next 2 or 3 quarters, allow the revenue increase to naturally adjust inventory. Now having said all that, there have been a couple of times in our history, one was after the financial crisis of 2009, and may have been a tech buster. Some of these mega events in the industry will cause the situation where you have to take precipitously some strong actions, otherwise the inventory would go way too high. Other than that, it would be a small one quarter perturbation. We run our business more constantly and not go up and down. Sorry for the long answer.
Steve Sanghi: Well, bookings are still good if I look at the overall long-term backlog. And the bookings that are coming in are still good. But bookings, the large amount of bookings are aging into the next quarter. Some are aging into this quarter, but based on at the rate they're aging and the amount of 9 weeks or so left in the quarter, an introduction to the guidance that we provided. But the overall rate of the bookings are still strong because lots of bookings are coming into the next quarter, which is seasonally stronger quarter for us also.
Steve Sanghi: They were really in bad order. The best performance we're getting is really out of our own microcontroller and analog businesses. There was a concern from the street on our 32-bit business. There was a concern on our 8-bit business. There was concern on our 16-bit business. They will get squeezed by 8 and 32. There was the concern on our 8-bit business because everybody else is going away from it. And there was a concern on our 32-bit business because we're not ARM. The 19 covered many years now, we have demonstrated there are 8, 16, 32-bit. All those 3 businesses are -- they're a tremendous win. And they're all growing. And they're all making records. And they're all high margins and so on and so forth. So temporarily, during last year, our gross margin went down because essentially, factory utilization. And it affected significantly our internal businesses, the ones we run inside our fabs because those were the ones mainly impacted by lower utilization. As that utilization has continued to improve, and especially by beating these numbers, last 3 quarters, we have written our revenue guidance. The utilization is getting quite healthy, but there is more to grow. And as we are seeing the utilization improve, our internal margins are back to the historical margins. Either they are where we can project them going forward as the utilization improves a bit more. The second effect is at SMSC. When we purchased SMSC, its full year operating margin in the year prior to our acquisition was only 12%. And until the time we were breaking it out, I think we had told you a quarter or so ago that we had more than doubled that operating profit. We're no longer breaking it out because the numbers are very intertwined. Operating expenses are very hard to figure out, what division they're going into. But based on our own assessments internally, that business now is performing as well as our own business withdrawal. This is how much we have improved then. And some of the long-term accretion is underway and yet to come. Every quarter, as it goes by, a higher and higher portion of their product is running into our factories for assembly and test purposes. And the ultimate accretion really comes from the market players where we are seeing an enormous sales opportunities sometimes developed in selling SMSC products around Microchip's consumer and industrial automotive customer sockets, which our sales and distribution network has identified an enormous opportunity. And some of them, we'll see them in later part of the next year, and some are longer term. But all those, they are very high margin into a Microchip business system. A lot of them will be coming from Microchip's ecosystem in terms of factories and all that, and will be very, very high margins. So that's another thing that's accreting. And the third order of effect is the licensing business.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's difficult to put numbers on it, nor are we usually comfortable in putting numbers on it. Because, one, it projects too much. And secondly, it tells everybody else what we're doing, our competitors and others. So in general, I'm always uncomfortable in giving that kind of data. But let me give you one. If you look at our December quarter guidance, despite the December quarter being guided down 3%, our December quarter at that guidance, midpoint of the guidance, will be up 15% from December quarter of last year, 14.9% to be exact. And there's no acquisition in between. The December quarter last year had full SMSC in it. So December quarter last year to December quarter this year at the midpoint of the guidance will be up 14.9%. Who is up 14.9% right now? Most companies are down year-over-year and driving down further in December quarter. So you are seeing the result of internal core strengths in 8, 16, 32 and analog. You've seen this type of acquisitions. You're seeing our ability to take these acquisitions and digest them. And then be able to create more business out of them across our customers and sockets and all that. I don't know whether that answers your question.
Steve Sanghi: Automotive infotainment, model control, connectivities. So there are a number of large vertical application kind of areas that we had really managed very well internally, and really have a dual sale structure with centers of expertise in various markets that work together with a horizontal sales force.
Steve Sanghi: We're disciplined about how we approach it. We have passed on a number of targets that we have looked at for various reasons, the lack of faith, not priced appropriately. Our synergies stick with our business for various other reasons. But if investors and analysts were to give us ideas, we'll be happy to take them. Don't expect feedback on them whether where we are in the process after to give us that idea, but we do not have a target today.
Steve Sanghi: The licensing revenue is very broad. We essentially have most foundries in the world of license, lots of larger IDM customers to license. There are many market segments, microcontrollers, SoCs, FPGAs, smartcards and others that run on using our process technologies. So it's a fairly broad-based business. And really, there is no very major lumpiness in it like you shouldn't expect in one quarter, you come in, it goes down 50%, and if you like that because of some expiry. There are lots of different process that we're getting royalties all the way on 0.5, 0.35, 0.25, 0.18, 0.13, 0.11, and 90-nanometer and 55. And so it's really very broad. And it's just a few things will go down in volume while the new ones are going up. So I think -- I don't know whether that answers your question, but you shouldn't be concerned about any major reduction of any kind.
Steve Sanghi: We have 14 product divisions inside Microchip internally, how we manage it. And it's just too many. We bucket them for you in a way to 16 and 32 analog and all that, but it's much broader internally. And some of them have multiple things in one division. So I can't break it down any further.
Steve Sanghi: So historically, we have not given a number on factory utilization. The problem is that there's a tendency then to draw a straight line and try to figure out every point of utilization means we're done on gross margin and kind of track and expect that as utilization goes up or down. In what we have seen has historically reached to long conclusions because in one quarter, unfair portion of our growth may come from foundry products. And other time, they come from internally. And not all products have same gross margins, and depending on what you're running in a given quarter. So it's a very complex mix. And we are, in general, not comfortable with trying to tie a given utilization to a given gross margin. Our utilization has not peaked yet compared to where it was before. There is a significant more accretion to go. And we -- many months -- several more quarters as we continue to increase the utilization for the gross margin to continue to really go higher. And then eventually, utilization will go beyond that. But we're not running all the equipment that we have in our factories flat out. This means the utilization still has a way to go.
Steve Sanghi: But it was a very, very strong growth. So 6.5% overall growth. The highest growth, I think, was still also double-digit. I recall seeing it. So China did very, very well. The China GDP numbers in the latest report were slightly revised upwards. So despite what you hear in China, China business is very solid.
Steve Sanghi: No. If you -- actually, did not seem to have changed our seasonality. June and September quarters were very strong. March quarter was good. June was excellent. September was excellent. December is seasonally normal. And we're expecting March to be seasonally normal, which would be up in the single-digits.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. We have seen benefit from the back -- integration of the back end. There were some in the June quarter, much more in September quarter to be even more in December. So it's really continuing, and also requires capital investment to bring some of the deal. And we're doing it at a controlled pace.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. We want to thank everyone for attending this call. We'll be at some conferences. I believe the next one is...
Steve Sanghi: So we'll certainly see some of you at the CSFB Conference in Scottsdale. I will promise a great weather here in its hometown. So please come and see us. Thank you.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes. Maybe just what I would add to that is now that a larger portion of our business is relying on foundry, that has less of the ups and downs in the gross margin area that is not impacted by our own factory utilization. But like Steve said, each cycle is different.
James Eric Bjornholt: So maybe if you're assuming that because the distribution sales are quite large, that those are not customers we target. There's a good portion of distribution revenue that actually has resulted from Microchip creating the demand. But will our customers choose what the best fulfillment channel for them is, and in many cases that's direct, and in some cases, that's distribution. But distribution customers are not left just to distribution to create a demand
James Eric Bjornholt: So I mean, typically, what we will see in the December quarter is that due to the holidays, we'll see Europe and the Americas have some stress on the business. And Asia typically does okay, but it's not enough to offset the weakness that we see out of Europe and the Americas. So it's really a holiday-driven phenomena, just like we see in the March quarter with Asia being week due to the Chinese New Year.
James Eric Bjornholt: Well, the next conference will be at the Credit Suisse Conference in Phoenix. We'll also be at the NASDAQ Conference in London and doing some marketing throughout the quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. So let me start with the second part of the question. We're -- obviously, we're accelerating data new product introduction. And as I mentioned, you're going to see some blockbuster announcements coming in the month of November. It's an area where we have been continuing to increase investment over the last several years. We're building out portfolio to fill out range of different memory sizes, functionalities, packet sizes, et cetera, et cetera, to build a strong portfolio that can be used in many, many different applications. And you'll see that as we move into 2014. That breadth of products will continue to accelerate. In terms of the applications themselves, they are often in the kinds of applications where our 16-bit microcontrollers are. They are run-of-the-mill applications. They can be in power supplies, in the human interface and motor control and in general. Then you'll find them in coffee machines and cars and broad range of applications, but where that is more needed in terms of either performance, memory, features or otherwise than what our 16-bit portfolio can provide. And so we provide a seamless migration in the way that we have planned our products that customers can go up and down, our microcontroller range of products, in the case of 32-bit most often from our 16-bit products up. And there's nothing earth-shattering about a brand new application that our 32-bit is in that is driving all the design. So it's pretty a broad range of designs, a broad range of applications that we're designed into.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a market we've been in for a while. And there are several ingredient capabilities that are needed to enable customers who want to reach an Internet of Things solutions. So if you look at -- and fundamentally, you need some form of microcontroller in these applications. Often these are applications we're already designed in. And a customer is now looking to extend the capability to connect to the Internet. So let's look at a thermostat as an example. If you take a standard thermostat, we've been in it for 20-plus years with analog functionality, microcontroller functionality. Now customers that have the thermostat who wants to be able to connect to the Internet takes advantage of our wireless capability. In most cases, it will be a Wi-Fi connection that we can enable, and we have enabled using our Wi-Fi modules that we provide. In other cases, it might be a proprietary wireless that then has a way to get back into the Internet. The other big challenge that many customers have is, well, how do they manage the other side of this which is the cloud itself? Some customers are sophisticated and have the ability to manage how they have a setup on the cloud that can receive the data and then be able to do something with it. But we have many customers for whom that is new. And as you saw earlier this week, we announced a partnership with Amazon. Actually, it was last week that we announced to be able be help host these capabilities, and enable people to take advantage of existing solutions, but get on the cloud with their applications. So we believe we have put together with our existing solutions and with partnerships for the cloud, the ingredients that are needed for anybody who has an Internet of Things thought process or application that they want to get into.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, I want you to think of 32-bit as not a separate market. It's one continuum of microcontroller markets for which different products serve the needs of that market. There is a range, performance, memory size and features at which the 32-bit is the right product to be able to use in those applications. Often at the boundary between 16 and 32-bit, you're going to have 16 bits that are in the 32-bit type of applications and vice versa. The -- our own progress here has been outstanding. You can take a look at the last many years over which we have reported our sequential, as well as our year-over-year growth. And it's been significant. Obviously, several years ago, it was growing off of a very small base, but it has continued to grow into a reasonably sized business for us. That product portfolio has expanded in that timeframe. The third available market that we can target has grown with that. And perhaps, the -- in that continuum of 8s, 16s and 32s, the largest change is really the software intensity that is involved in these applications. And so in addition to the silicon level of products, there's a significant software investment that we have to make and being able to enable solutions. And we have done that. And we expect to be doing more of that along with our silicon products in 32-bit in the coming months and years.
