Eric Bjornholt: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual and events may differ materially. We refer you to our press releases of today, as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact Microchip’s business and results of operations. In attendance with me today are Ganesh Moorthy, Microchip’s President and CEO; and Steve Sanghi, Microchip’s Executive Chairman. I will comment on our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2021 financial performance. Ganesh will then give their commentary on our results and discuss the current business environment, as well as our guidance. And Steve will provide an update on our cash return strategy. We will then be available to respond to specific investor and analyst questions.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, he was asking about what our expectations were for distribution inventory. That's a very difficult thing to forecast. It went down four days last quarter. Distribution inventory is at record lows. What we're shipping in, they're shipping out right away to meet their customers’ demand. So I don't anticipate it going up, but it's at very, very low historic levels, so I don't anticipate a large change.
Eric Bjornholt: So the second part was on our, what our internal capacity can do in fiscal '22, which we're just entering. And I don't expect the fab mix to be much different. Last year, the year we just finished, we did 39% of our fab internally. I don't expect that mix to change. For fiscal '21, we did 53% of our assembly and 57% of our test in house. Those percentages should go up as we're continuing to invest and then bring some more capacity internal. But I don't have a specific number by the end of the year that's going to depend on what the demand environment is and how quickly we can respond with the CapEx.
Eric Bjornholt: I don't think that's a number we're willing to disclose. As Ganesh says, it takes time for that capacity to come on board at different stages. Something in fab is going to take longer than it might in assembly or test, and we're obviously not giving revenue guidance outside of the current quarter…
Ganesh Moorthy: Thank you, Eric and good afternoon, everyone. Our March quarter was also strong by every key metric, closing a tumultuous fiscal year on a very positive note, which was otherwise dominated by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. March quarter revenue was an all time record at $1.467 billion, growing by 8.5% sequentially. Non-GAAP gross margins were another record at 64.1%, up 110 basis points from the December quarter as we benefited from improved factory utilization and product mix. Non-GAAP operating margin is also a record at 40.7%, the first time we have broken through the 40% mark. Our journey towards our long term business model of 65% gross margin and 42% operating margin is off to a good start, but still has a lot of hard work ahead of us to achieve. Our consolidated non-GAAP EPS was above the high end of our guidance at a record $1.85. EBITDA was very strong and achieved another record at $652.3 million, continuing to demonstrate the robust profitability and cash generation capabilities of our business through the business cycles. The March quarter also marked 122nd consecutive quarter of non-GAAP profitability. I would like to take this occasion to thank all our stakeholders who enabled us to achieve these outstanding and record results in the March quarter, and especially thank the worldwide Microchip team whose tireless efforts not only deliver our fine strong financial results, but also supported our customers to navigate a difficult environment and who worked constructively with our supply chain partners to find creative solutions in a hyper constrained environment. Reflecting on our fiscal year 2021 results, we achieved a number of highlights and records in the last year. Revenue was a record at $5.438 billion, non-GAAP gross margin was a record at 62.8%, non-GAAP operating margin was a record at 39.6%, and non-GAAP EPS was a record at $6.59. All in all, the record March quarter results and the record March ending fiscal year 2021 results marks a seamless transition between Steve and I as we each embark on our new roles to build the next phase of Microchip's long term success. I'm truly fortunate to be the beneficiary of Steve's years of managing Microchip for the long term.
Ganesh Moorthy: So my view is we're in the early innings of PSP. We've just launched it. It's a couple of months. It's going extremely well. I think we continue to make fine tuning of the program. And it's too early to tell how long term it will be. I think for many, many customers they've learned in this cycle that running low on inventory or low on backlog visibility can have extreme impact on their business. And so give it a few more months, let's see how it looks.
Ganesh Moorthy: We do not have a line of sight for when things get to be normal. As I mentioned, the gap between demand and supply grew in the March quarter and continues to be quite large. But we have taken a number of steps to get ahead of whatever change in cycle cycle will come to soften how that landing will take place. So we just discussed the PSP in quite a bit of detail and that gives us 12 months of continuous noncancelable backlog, and that will enable us to spot and plan for whenever that change becomes apparent to us on longer term backlog. The capacity additions we're making, we're not trying to solve the entire gap all in one quarter. We're making measured steps every quarter and improvements over multiple quarters. And to the extent we see a change, we will taper off the build plans and capacity additions consistent with that. Third is if you look at where our inventory is and where you look at our channel inventories are at historic lows from the channel perspective and pretty low for us as well. And that gives us time and ability to continue to replenish that inventory. It will help to minimize any underabsorption that might have happened otherwise. And it positions us well to capitalize on whatever the subsequent upcycle will be. There is going to be an up cycle to whatever next down cycle there's going to be. And when that happens, we actually push out capital requirements because we will have replenished some of that inventory. And finally on that if and when there is that next hard landing or soft landing. For us, what we are doing is our bonus programs and other variable compensation programs, as you've seen in prior cycles, give us a fair amount of  to mitigate which way our expenses go as we go through the cycles, and that flexibility in operating expenses is one more item that helps us in terms of getting to a soft landing.
Ganesh Moorthy: So seasonality has been hard for us for many quarters. There hasn't been a normal environment for quite a while. We went through trade and tariff, which was an overriding issue. Then we went through COVID, which was an overriding issue. We're now in this significant demand growth environment. Clearly, there is an underlying seasonality that has contribution, but these externalities are driving a much higher multiplier on that. So for the moment, we don't have clear bearings on seasonality other than directional statements as to where they will be.
Ganesh Moorthy: So pretty much just about everything we do is sole source proprietary products. So we don't have a commodity product line that's a big piece of this thing. Some of our memory products may come the closest. And even there, we’re often in very highly protected positions in those sockets as well. I think the short answer is exactly what you said. There is not another place people can go to, to get capacity today. In fact, there's a lot more coming to us, trying to find ways in which we can help support them as they flee some of the other suppliers who are not able to provide them capacity in today's environment.
Ganesh Moorthy: So firstly, on the capacity additions, they are happening. There's not a single discrete event when it's happening. It's happening every month, every quarter. We have equipment on order. We have materials on order. We're hiring people. There's a number of activities that are all going in place to be able to do it. So it will be a more continuous process through the year. Sometimes we get delays on equipment. Sometimes we are able to get the equipment on the time we have. So that's the way we see it for the rest of the year. And therefore, we are expecting that we will have capacity to be higher  than the prior quarter, which should give us the ability to have continued growth as we go into the second half of this year
Ganesh Moorthy: Ambrish, on your PSP question. PSP is a priority for capacity. It is not a guarantee of price. And we will not be just making price changes without good reasons. So if there are input costs that are unexpected that need to be passed on, PSP backlog can receive price changes at that point in time. We're not anticipating that it needs to. But nothing in PSP backlog precludes price adjustments if there are significant cost increases.
Ganesh Moorthy: And some of the internal capacity takes time as it comes through and it may have an ongoing impact as we go into the next fiscal year.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think if you listen to the media, you would think that automotive is the only place where there are shortages and I think clearly, they've been the most vocal. Shortages are in every single segment that are taking place to varying degrees. And we do not see any segment starting to come back to some form of equilibrium where it is. So there are shortages and growing imbalances in every market segment we're in.
Ganesh Moorthy: We talked earlier on about seasonality and all that. Right now, our revenue is not limited by the demand side of the equation. And often, seasonality speaks to where is the demand at and how does that come about. Our growth at this point is limited by how much can we manufacture and ship, and that's where all hands on deck are. So seasonality by itself is not as meaningful in the current environment.
Ganesh Moorthy: So we're not trying to provide guidance on how those are going to do by market segment as we go through the year. I think clearly, in the December quarter, we indicated to you that it seems to have bottomed out. That came to be the way the March quarter ended up, a slight bit of improvement from there. So we're quite optimistic about the data center segment, in particular, as we look into fiscal year '22. And then the communication sector has its own set of infrastructure rollouts that are taking place. But that's about as much as we're able to provide. We don't really track at the level of specificity with exact numbers. We have more of a directional statement, which is kind of what we've included in our conference call notes.
Ganesh Moorthy: So there is no -- as I said in the earlier question, there is no end market in which there is available supply that's any better or not. They're all constrained to varying degrees. And so there's nothing from an end market to think. As far as back end and front end, we have constraints in both internal and external factories, in the back end and in the front end, in the material supply chain. And depending on what exact combination, what capacity corridor you're in, there might be more constraints and maybe less constrained, but they're all constrained.
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, a positive step is many of the carmakers have been at the forefront of embracing a PSP program and PSP program and requiring the Tier 1s to be . At least for the moment, you can see how we're trying to drive towards having a level of inventory that assures them they can build their very expensive or very highly valuable end products. How that will persist a year or two years from now, we don't know.
Ganesh Moorthy: And unlike prior cycles, right, we have noncancelable windows that are significantly longer than we have had in other cycles. And that puts a a lot more responsibility on the customer to have orders that they need and not orders that they don't need.
Ganesh Moorthy: The only other thing I would add is we continue to add value into many, many of our products through a combination of hardware and software, which makes them more valuable as improved the gross margins we have on those products. And as you then get to a weighted average of all these products and what are we doing to make them more valuable, it shows up in the aggregate gross margin.
Ganesh Moorthy: We want to thank everyone for taking the time to join us. We do have investor meetings that are coming up that we look forward to meeting and talking to more of you. But have a good afternoon. Thank you.
Steve Sanghi: Well, going back to as we implemented the program and why we implemented the program, let's kind of revisit that history. The backlog was so strong and constraints were so widespread as Ganesh mentioned in his 40 year career and mine, 42 plus year careers, we have never seen this kind of shortage in constraints in the semiconductor industry. So the question really became how do we take our key customers in various segments, not only automotive but industrial and communications and data centers and PCs and all and allow them some mechanism where they can get preferred supply of parts, and it's something in it for them and something in it for us. And the design of that program became this Preferred Supply Program in which we asked that if you could give us 12 months of noncancelable nonreschedulable backlog, and there is a tremendous benefit to Microchip, we could buy supplies ahead, we could hire people, we could make capital investment, we could do all these things with the assurity of a very, very large, solid, noncancelable, nonscheduleable backlog, that's a benefit to us. And what the customer gets is after six month period, and we did that six months period because we don't want to create a lot of churn in the first six months, and there was more availability of capacity after six months. So at that point in time, we said anybody who gives a PSP backlog, they will get the preferred supply. And if there is any shortage at that time, it will be spread among the non PSP customers. So long answer, but that's really how the program came about, not knowing what the acceptance would be and the results just have been absolutely tremendous. We have billions of dollars of PSP backlog, 44% of the total backlog on some of the most constrained supply corridors the PSP backlog is almost equal to 100% of capacity. So you can see the advantage where we could go ahead, make those investments or buy additional equipment. Now leading then to your question, could this become a permanent landscape. I think it will depend largely on the experience of our customers and Microchip together in the year as we progress. When the cycle ends on the other cycle, when there is a lot of capacity available, customers may not be willing to make a year long commitment that is nonchangeable. So that's what the customers would be thinking, but the environments go come back and forth. So our intent would be to show the customers how well we serve them because they had PSP and what the benefits are if they continue with that program going forward. And I think -- let Ganesh comment on that, it's really going to be how we manage it going forward.
Steve Sanghi: A lot of buzzwords, programs the industry develops some of them last for a short period of time in a cycle or so, and some of them last a very long period of time. I think you're seeing the beginning of the end of the word, GIT. The losses in the industry by our customers due to constraints are so large that they have lost more money than all the money they save for a decade on GIT. And that could be the long term benefit where industry plans better rather than just in time give me 50% more, where does it come from and lead times are very long.
Steve Sanghi: We're making good progress towards that. We obviously, from quarter to quarter, can make rapid progress and sometimes it will be a little slower beyond that. So I wouldn't take last quarter and apply that as how it's going to be every quarter going forward. We just introduced this new model in December. So it's not been that long. And we've made a good start here. Conditions are strong for where we're at. We're executing well in the many different areas we outlined for investors as to how will we achieve the gross margins. There are also other pressures. There are cost pressures in some of the materials and input costs as well that we're working through. And then the operating expenses, we continue to have investments we need to make so that the long term growth and profitability of the business can be realized. So let's continue to have several more quarters as we go through this. But we feel good about these long term targets, and we think we're working on the right things operationally as well as in our business units and our other operating expenses to get to the place where we have a combination of good balance between growth and profitability.
Steve Sanghi: PSP is not an absolute requirement. So a customer who does not have visibility into their own business and does not want to give us noncancelable 12 months backlog can just place normal orders over 12 months and 90 days of those orders would be from noncancelable and after that, they can change it. The only difference is they would not be preferred. And if there was a strong demand among the PSP customers then they could get allocated much more harshly. But that doesn't mean that they won't get any part and they should really go with somebody else. If they go with somebody else, other people are similarly constrained and may not have PSP program to really help them. So I think there is no reason for loss of business. We're actually gaining business in this environment, have people coming from other companies where they cannot get the support.
Steve Sanghi: So let me take the capital allocation part of that, and then Ganesh will take the pricing on the PSP backlog. So we have internally had discussions with the Board what happens now until we get investment grade rating and what happens after as we bring the stock buyback into the mix. But we're not prepared to dollarize that for you well into the future regarding how much stock buyback, and how much dividend, and when does it start and all that. So I think it's directionally the Board is committed to continue to increase dividend every quarter. And then as we get to the investment grade rating, then add the stock buyback into the mix. And what that mix would be could also change from time to time depending on market conditions and stock price and all that. So it's really not all figured out for the next five years. There have been some discussions but I think we will continue to advise you every quarter as we make further decisions.
Steve Sanghi: So they're not willing to disclose well into the future what percentage of our free cash flow we will give it to the investors back. We would still -- when we get an investment grade rating, we would still have a leverage on the books of about 3, and desire is to continue to decrease that leverage further. 3 is not a number where we want to stop and give 100% cash back. So the leverage will continue to go down. But the rate at which that leverage go down could change as we start to give more cash back.
Steve Sanghi: Well, let me add to a little economic macro side of his question. So John what happened last year was that the biggest destruction of demand really was on the service side, the hospitality, hotels, the airlines, travel, restaurants, golf courses. Basically, the service side of the industry got decimated last year because of social distancing and all that. The manufacturing side didn't do that bad. I mean, there was really not a single quarter where our revenue even went down 10%. Most companies in the technology industry and manufacturing industry did reasonably well. Automotive was really bad for one quarter, but overall, not too bad. So now when you get to the recovery side of it, a fair amount of recovery is likely to take place on the service side, which got so decimated, restaurants and hotels, and airlines, and travel, and vacationers, and cruise lines and all that coming back. Now as they come back, and people have more money in their pocket with more jobs, certainly some of that money will flow to the hardware, electronics and cars and other things where our product goes, and we will benefit from it. But the big part of the upcoming surge is really going to be on the service side. Having said all that, I think demand is very strong now. And as you mentioned, when the economy picks up further steam with all these people coming back on the job, could it really even get more heated. The answer to that is it's definitely possible. But the other part of your question was, why not add more capital now. Well, we can't get it. I mean, we have so much capital on order and lead time is long. And some of the scheduled capital gets delayed by a month with a short notice because the supplier is also constrained. So it's not a question of what you can order. We're willing to order more. It's a question of what you can get. We can't get everything we want.
Steve Sanghi: There are too many corridors of capacity, both internally and externally, by process, by wafer size, by technology complexity. And somewhere, the capacity is being added, the other capacity is not being added. And to roll all that into just general number, our capacity goes of X percentage when we are not really sure from foundries what we can get. We know what we can do internally in terms of the capital we're adding. So I think that number is a complex one I'm not willing to share.
Steve Sanghi: I don't really have a whole lot to add. But I would say that if you look at some of the Japanese car manufacturers did much better this time around, because they learned their lesson during the tsunami, and when a lot of the renaissance and other factories were shut down due to earthquake and radiations and all that. So they learned from that time and built a structure where they were not as much relying on JIT and reach the current time with a level of inventory on the semiconductor parts, and they did a lot better. And that's really the lesson the US and European auto manufacturers need to learn. And time would tell when the cycle goes the other way, is it all lost and it's just the same standoff, we don't really know. But they have to start thinking that building semiconductors is different than getting a bent metal for doorknob or something. Right now, we get some comments that are sometimes laughable, what's the big deal about lead frame, just bend the metal and make my parts, and it's just not that simple, building semiconductors. So I think a lot of learning needs to happen. And we don't directly ship the parts to the car manufacturers. We have the people in between like the Contis, and GenTechs, and Aptiv, and Hella and all these people. They're in between. So we have a buffer. But the car manufacturer really need to really take the bull by the horn and drive the process to get out of JIT. And I don't know whether they will, I don't know that.
Steve Sanghi: Well, finishing your thought, in 2008, 2009, we didn't shut down our factory and continue to run the factories, although, we had some rotating time off. And then we entered the up cycle with a very good amount of inventory position. And through that, we grew a lot and we did very well. We didn't repeat that this time, because this time we had a very, very substantial debt leverage, which was very high. And therefore, we didn't choose to really put the money into inventory and kept the factories running and all that. At that time, I recall, investor concern was what happens if your demand goes down 35%, do you miss the covenant? So sometimes your memories can be short. But this environment presented different challenges, so we were not able to repeat the experience of 2009 and did not reach this time with a high inventory internally. And we're trying to build it now but unsuccessful because we're shipping as we build. The other point I wanted to make is people use this word double ordering. We don't really get double ordering because parts are all proprietary. You cannot buy from us and from another company for the same socket nor can two distributors ship the product into the same socket in the way we register and make it economically impossible for the nondesigning distributor to shift the part into that socket. So the only other remaining avenue is a customer orders a little more than what they need, which we never know and we cannot detect. If you want to call it double ordering, there could be some excess ordering by the customers we can't be sure of. But one thing we are sure of is there's no double fulfillment. We are in daily phone calls, escalation meetings with a number of customers, threatened line downs and actual lines down for many of the car manufacturers and others. There is no double fulfillment. People are -- everybody is getting a fraction of what they need. So therefore, there is a fair amount of runway ahead with such a large amount of demand. I think it's going to be the rest of the fiscal year, we're just trying to get our head above the water.
