Steve Sanghi: John, we're not able to give forward-looking seasonality for multiple quarters yet. We haven't had enough experience on the Microsemi front. Some of the last year's performance was affected by the inventory reduction we undertook in distribution. So we haven't had number of normal quarters. Then we got hit by all these U.S./China trade issues for the last couple of quarters that we have been fighting and are now looking for the recovery. So the historic seasonality for June quarter I mentioned was to remove the acquired company's first quarter revenue and then average the last 7 years. We certainly can do that for the September and December quarter, and provide that information to the investors, but that would be backward-looking seasonality. We are not yet able to give you information on the forward-looking seasonality.
Steve Sanghi: Well, what changed is really the tone on the U.S./China trade front, going from lot of positive signals coming from various officials, including Secretary Mnuchin and all that over the last couple of months. And then, turning into a tweet by President Trump on Sunday that the 25% tariffs on $200 billion of Chinese goods are going into effect this Friday, resulting into cancellation of the visit by Vice Premier of China first and then later on he put back the visit and he is now arriving on Thursday. So the rhetoric has turned meaningfully negative here and causing significant uncertainty. Now, there hasn't been a lot of time since that news to gauge the reaction of our distributors and customers. And as you know, we have very broad distribution and thousands and thousands of customers. And in couple of days you cannot really gauge all that. So, yes, our tone has turned distinctly negative due to those developments.
Steve Sanghi: I think that's kind of would I, should I, could I, we don't know. But certainly, our guidance would have been much more narrower in the range versus a wide range. And the guidance would have been more positive on the midpoint than the one we have provided now.
Steve Sanghi: During our conference call last quarter, which I think was on February 9 or something, the trade resolution was supposed to happen prior to March 1. So it was relatively imminent. Then it was delayed to May 1 and then it didn't happen on May 1. And then the events turned negative. So there has been a substantial delay and change on that front.
Steve Sanghi: So I think the environment is of significant uncertainty, because of U.S./China trade talks this year than it was last year, there was no such uncertainty. The only uncertainty we were dealing with last year was investor's perception about the letters we had written a year before, which many investors felt that pulls demand up and there will be a correction. And I think we showed through the charts that there was no such effect of the letters we write. Those letters are simply to inform our customers' broad base of 120,000 plus customers, the environment we were dealing with. And through backlog in turns and various metrics we show to the investors that our business was in good shape and we were not really seeing any challenges. The environment today with uncertainty with the two largest markets we have, which are the U.S. and China, together they make close to 50% of our business, if not more, is of significant more uncertainty. And simply looking at the backlog in turns and all that in the middle of the quarter cannot make up for large amount of customer sentiment. So having said all that, our backlog on April 1 started lower than our backlog was on January 1, because last quarter bookings were weak. So our backlog started lower. However, the bookings quarter to date in this quarter for the month of April and few days in May has been stronger than the bookings we got at the - during the same time last quarter from January 1 to February timeframe. So the bookings are stronger. And the turns coming from those bookings are stronger, because the lead-times are short. But with significant change in the sentiment, driven by just the events of last few days, it's very difficult to project what the distributor and customer sentiment would be in the balance of the quarter. Just imagine if you were a supplier and you didn't know whether you will be able to pass on a 25% tariff increase to your customers, whether your customer will then choose to buy that product from Korea, Taiwan or somewhere else and that's from the Chinese supplier. In that environment, you would take actions to protect your business by not having large amount of inventory only building to form orders and negotiating with your customers, what kind of price increase you can pass on. Those are all uncertainties of thousands and thousands of customers have been dealing with for quite a while impacting our business.
Steve Sanghi: So Vivek, you have to first decide from what timeframe you're comparing. If you're simply comparing it to what we talked last Friday, yes, we have not seen an impact in the last two days, because it's just too hard to gauge. But if your timeframe is February 9, our last call, then we have seen the impact. At that time, the trade settlement was supposed to happen prior to March 1 then it got delayed to May 1, and we didn't - then we didn't see it on May 1 either. So all the time, we have seen the impact on bookings and customers' ability to want to build the appropriate amount of inventory for the business from the endpoint inventories to loading docks to hubs to everything else. If your reference point is our last earnings call, yes, the business is weaker than what it could have been, if there was a settlement on March 1.
Steve Sanghi: I would reemphasize one point that I made in my prepared remarks that as we go through various cycles, you can look at in the last 20 years. This would be the highest growth in operating margin nearly at the bottom of the cycle. In the past, you will see this kind of growth in operating margin usually on the top of the cycle. So this is how much we have improved creating higher highs and higher lows. So as we go further in the next couple of years, complete this integration, have better loading in the factories with the demand coming back. It's really a good feeling to think about where the growth in operating margins could go.
Steve Sanghi: And as the demand comes back, and when that $7 million charge goes away, that $7 million ends up in the gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: I think there are two possibilities on the trade front, actually three. One, the worse would be that trade talks break and there is 25% duty, not only on the $200 billion of goods, but another $325 billion of goods that are threatened. That will be the worst-case scenario. But the other possibilities are there is some very good settlement, where whatever the issues are between the two countries on IP theft and forced transfers of technology, and all those things, there is a system put in place to monitor all these and issues are resolved and tariffs come down. That would be the best-case scenario. And the other one is that there is some sort of finality, but it's not as good as U.S. wants. As long as there is a finality on the settlement, where the people know what the rules are, then the manufacturers can adjust to those rules and can negotiate with their customers to pass the additional cost, whether it's 5%, 10% duty cost, as long as there is a finality, I think will be positive for the business. Of course, it will be extremely positive if there is a settlement and duties go away, and there is a very good environment. But even if it is not the ultimate best, but there is some sort of finality, I think they would be better than the uncertainty we're dealing with.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I don't really want to tell my competitors how I'm taking shares. I would simply say that if somebody doesn't develop any more 8-bits parts and adds no innovation to them, simply because that by a thesis that 8-bit market is not growing and put all their energy in the 32-bit, then they will continuously become more and more uncompetitive in the 8-bit and will continue to gain share, which is really what's happening. There are many more things we're doing, but we are continuously able to show 8-bit customers how they can keep on utilizing our newer and newer 8-bit microcontrollers and continue to add innovation and not having to go to 16 or 32-bit microcontrollers. And therefore, we've taken a lot of share.
Steve Sanghi: The lower VAT went into effect I think on April 1, so just like in U.S., when tax law changes or sales tax changes in a city or a state or some of those rule change or interest rate changes. I mean, it takes a while to affect the economy. And I don't know if that's enough time for us to measure that a Chinese customer changed their orders based on the VAT. I think that takes longer term to take hold in the economy. We're going to get orders from Chinese customers based on them having orders from their customers to build modules, build cars or whatever. And that's not likely to change in four weeks of VAT changing.
Steve Sanghi: I would say also that our inventory is a lot lower than some of the large other analog players' inventory I have heard about. So while our target is 115 to 120, you would expect that this part of the cycle, when you're at the near bottom of the cycle, the inventory to be higher than the high-end of that. And yet I think I'm - when I compare it our inventory is lower than a lot of other players.
Steve Sanghi: I think having seen the yo-yo sentiment on the trade talks, I would rather wait for the talks to conclude, then analyze what that finality is, whether it ends up at 10% duty or something higher than that or goes all the way to 0%, and have a chance to understand our customers' and distributors' reaction through our sales people and talking to some directly to really make an informed opinion rather than just throw something out.
Steve Sanghi: Well, trends in U.S. and Europe are really not that great either. Lot of our U.S. customers are impacted because of the same trade issues. Industrial customers build a lot of their products in China and are having to pay the tariff cost, which are currently 10% going to 25%. So our industrial business in U.S. is impacted. Our consumer business, which is in the consumer appliance area, is impacted. The automotive business is impacted not because of tariffs, but I think the automotive in general. Automotive production is down in all three geographies.
Steve Sanghi: I think distributors will assess what the sales-out is and if the sales out is decreasing because of whatever, then they will continue to draw down inventory. If they expect that sales out is increasing then they would start to build inventories to serve that sales-out. So it's not that the inventory is changing that much in months of inventory. It's mostly multiple of really what their expectation of sales-out is. And many of the Chinese distributors, their sales out has been much lower in December and March quarters, lot of it driven by trade issues, because their end-customers couldn't sell the product given the duties.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we want to thank you. There was a very large participation on this call compared to what we have had in the last several quarters. We've got lots of very, very good questions from investors and analysts. And thank you for giving us a chance to explain our views on U.S./China trade, where the things are, how the business is. And we'll see some of you as we get on the road to various conferences this quarter. Thank you very much.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. This is Eric. I can take that question. So as indicated, we're projecting somewhere between $130 million and $150 million in CapEx for fiscal 2020. That's down from about $230 million in fiscal 2019. Fiscal 2019 we have some kind of onetime events associated with some building projects that we talked about at the last few conference calls that was in the $60 million to $70 million range. And we have put capacity in place in the first half of last fiscal year, expecting the environment to be stronger. So I think we're pretty well positioned. And then we also have a full year of Microsemi, couple of months in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. So all that combined, I think our CapEx projection is reasonable range for the current year. I think over the course of time, we'll be in that 3% to 4% of sales and there will be peaks and valleys to that just based on the environment that we're facing at that time.
Eric Bjornholt: I think, one of the thing I would add to what Steve said is, comparing the sentiment at March 1 last year when we did our Analyst Day to today, the other significant change over that time period is lead times have contracted significantly. And so that gives customers flexibility to place very short-term orders on us and to be responsive, which wasn't necessarily the case over a year ago back in March.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So we have not broken out in the current quarter, what - the quarter we're just reporting what the Microsemi contribution was. We are definitely ahead of schedule. We had mentioned last quarter that we had achieved kind of one-year target of run rate of 75% accretion. We were above that as the end of December. And that things are continuing to progress, we're taking cost out of the system. Ganesh gave commentary in terms of how we're doing on business units and sales and support groups from an integration perspective, so making good progress. We still feel good about our long-term synergy numbers and are working towards that. But we haven't broken out and aren't breaking out at this point in time, that specific accretion that we've achieved so far.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So I'll take that. So we exceeded the midpoint of our non-GAAP gross margin guidance by about 70 basis points. The very strong gross margins were driven by a variety of reasons, including favorable product mix and ongoing cost reduction. So it always is a mix of things. There's a lot of moving parts, margin, but we're making good progress on integration and the product mix was favorable in the quarter also to help us with that. And even at the midpoint of our guidance on the current quarter at 62%, we're only really 1% away from our long-term target of 63%. So I think things have really held up well in this downturn. Yes, our inventory situation is a little bit higher than our target, but with short lead times and customers and distributors been in the pattern of decreasing their inventory levels. It gives us the visibility to respond very proactively to their needs.
Eric Bjornholt: Yeah. So I think, we've done a good job of working through the issues that we've identified early on in the acquisition. The Microsemi distribution inventory, take you back to the September quarter. It was reduced to about 2.6 months over the course of the first four months of holding the assets, and the shipment activity into this distribution was impacted dramatically by that. But that has stayed very constant, that 2.6 months has stayed the same and the December quarter and the March quarter. So we think, we've got a good balance there. There can be a business unit or two that adds a little bit of elevated inventory, and just taking some time to leave that down? But overall, I think, we are in good position. And the other things, that we had talked about was contracts, manufacturing inventory; and things like that. And I think all those have been corrected at this point in time. Steve or Ganesh might have some additional comments.
Eric Bjornholt: And we did take a under capacity utilization charge in the quarter overall for various factories of a little over $7 million in the last quarter.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. All right. So we continue to really manage our working capital requirements quite tightly, and had a good execution there, and just managing our overall cash balances worldwide. So we've outperformed on debt pay down, no doubt about that, over the last couple of quarters and made good progress. I've mentioned that our debt-to-EBITDA is still 4.8 and we expect as we progress in the second half of 2019. And the EBITDA improves, and we're going to continue to be using all of our excess cash generation to pay down debt that we will see some significant improvements in our debt-to-EBITDA. So I think, it's the working capital management, we talked about CapEx a little bit earlier, also CapEx being down significantly in fiscal 2020 as a projected number compared to fiscal 2019 will also help on the cash flow and we should expect to see debt come down significantly over the course of the next 12 months.
Eric Bjornholt: All right, so, I mean, we've done what I consider to be a very good job in managing OpEx over the last several quarters. We've essentially beat significantly on OpEx on both September and December and came in at the low-end of guidance here in the current quarter. So we're managing the operations very tightly, given the environment that we're facing. And as the environment improves in second half, if it improves, we will have investments to make in the business that will have those dollars go up. So we're holding OpEx flat at the midpoint of guidance in the current quarter. And that's pretty tight controlled, and again, would expect that OpEx will increase over time as we need to invest in the business to drive the long-term health at 40% plus operating margin goals that we have.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So inventory was up 5 days in the quarter to 128. We've kind of had a target of 115 to 120 that we talked about. And so, inventory is on the higher end. But I think it is prudent for us to hold that level of inventory, given the fact that the distribution inventory has come down and customers are managing their own inventory quite conservatively, we believe, again, we don't give real-time reports from them. So it allows us to report quickly in this uncertain environment, where customers are needing to respond quickly when they get demand, because they're not building to forecast as Steve kind of described before. So longer term, our goal would be to get the inventory down to 120 days or less. But that's not the environment that we're facing right now.
Ganesh Moorthy: Chris, I would add also, the trade resolution has also been delayed. So not only the most recent news from the weekend, when we were speaking to everybody back in February, there was a much earlier date for resolution. So that continues to push out and create uncertainty as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: So it is not completely correct, that Microsemi had no 32-bit microcontroller. They did have a class of what we call specialized microcontrollers, which are 32-bit microcontrollers. But in general, the classic Microchip 32-bit products of both architectures, MIPS and ARM, have been doing extremely well. As you know, we acquired the ARM microcontrollers through the Atmel acquisition, so that is given us the ability to serve a broader set of customers, a broader set of applications. And so that combination of both what classic Microchip could do with the 32-bit microcontrollers we have, that a more general purpose, plus some of the specialized microcontrollers that come through Microsemi, all contributed to the last 12 months or the calendar year 2018 growth numbers that you see.
Ganesh Moorthy: The only comment I'll make is, I think, in terms of end customers, we really don't get inventory reports. So we don't think there's a big overhang there. But we don't have much visibility into it. Our own inventory internally, we're continuing to work down. So this is our production areas and we have been running lower than what the sell-through as in terms of what we're building, and that is slowly coming back into levels that should be, but it's not completely where it needs to be.
Ganesh Moorthy: To your second question on the business and operations integration. It's on a longer-term basis, it's more linear, but quarter-to-quarter, we're going to see more or less effects depending on are we able to retire some of the prior ERP systems completely or not. And so it's not entirely linear looking at the quarter-to-quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think the way to think about it is not that it is rebounding into this quarter. I think we said it's hitting bottom and it is heading to where as we look into the second half, things are getting better. The content increases, a constant effort that we drive. We have shown you some of the slides in investor forums where we have 60, 70, 80 different components. And that continues to take place. And various carmakers may not be for the same design in every carmaker. But it is a part of how we drive the market. It is a part how the market is evolving. There is more and more electronics that is going into safety, into convenience, into some of these new electric and electrification and ADAS, those types of trends. And we have our fair share in all of those areas. And I think the last piece is the European WLTP regulational change, I think the last remnants of that will cleared into the - by the end of this quarter. It has taken longer to clear. But believe that all that clears as we go through the end of this quarter. So those are all the different factors going into some of the color that Steve provided.
Ganesh Moorthy: We haven't really broken down to Chinese automotive specifically. I think if you look at China overall, we are seeing stronger bookings. And there should be a part of that reflected in most of the other areas, markets that are in China.
Ganesh Moorthy: So there is weakness in some of those markets as you have seen reported by other players as well. I don't think there is anything particular about bookings that would give us any insight there. In terms of the cross-selling, those customers have given us access for other solutions that classic Microchip had. And we're having good progress in discussions on how those can be incorporated into next generation designs using Microchip classic solutions that surround some of the storage and other networking solutions that Microsemi brought. So the customer access has been extremely useful to take solutions that are necessary in the market. But we did not have as good customer access as Microchip standalone.
Ganesh Moorthy: A little extra inventory at this part of the cycle also prevents CapEx expenses on the other side of the cycle. So these are products with very long life. There is a little to no obsolescence risk. And it does help from an overall cycle standpoint to have some inventory investment that can then defray CapEx spending on the other side of the cycle.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think Europe is seeing some of those headwinds that are - none of these are confined to just one geography. There is interconnection between how global economy is played. And so, for example, on the European carmakers, especially the luxury car makers, they've had significant declines, because the China market has been very weak for them. And that ripples through into some of the lower, in recent times, lower GDPs coming through some of the European economies. And many of them like Germany are highly export oriented and affected by any impact in other regions of the world. And so, there is a continuous uncertainty and weakness that expands beyond just China and the U.S., but in part driven by what's happening in these economies.
