Stephen Sanghi: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to our press releases of today as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact Microchip's business and results of operations. As you know, in addition to earnings, we also announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Micrel. During this conference call, we will not cover anything in relations to the acquisition and we'll take your questions only related to the earning. After we conclude this conference call, you will have to dial in to the second conference call where we will cover matters related to the acquisition and take your questions. The second conference call has to be filed with the SEC, hence the separation of 2 conference calls. The second call will begin at 5:45 p.m. Eastern Time. With that, let me now pass this call to our Chief Financial Officer, Eric Bjornholt.
Stephen Sanghi: I have blocked my opinion on the cycle. I'm not going to share with you anymore. Basically, I think as far as the seasonality is concerned, a company with a constant stream of acquisitions that we have done, we believe seasonality often is miscalculated by the investors depending on how many years back you go. We have had Supertex acquisition, which closed in April last year; ISSC acquisition last year. If you go 5 years back, we closed SST acquisition also in April. So when you look at the June quarter numbers, sometimes you do with or without acquisitions and many times, the breakdown of those numbers is not available 2 or 3 years out. So I believe that seasonality changes a lot with these acquisitions. And I think -- but the largest reason is you describe yourself, which is industry conditions are soft, just like announced by other peers. That's what we are seeing and beyond that I'm not going to comment on cycle or anything else for the future.
Stephen Sanghi: So we don't really have much end market commentary. We serve 90,000-plus customers and a vast majority of them through distribution and many time, at the customers, we work with multiple divisions. For some of them the business is PCs. For some others the business is industrial. For some other it could be called consumer. So we don't really have any end market flavor. But Ganesh, in his commentary, described that our IoT business, the way we defined it, much narrower definition of IoT for applications that are really smart and connected, is growing 35% a year. So that's doing very well. But if you take a broader definition of IoT like include all the embedded business and all that, you could almost call 100% of Microchip's business as IoT, which really would not be helpful. So that's really what I have to say there.
Stephen Sanghi: FX, I don't really think we can delineate the effects that much. But we do business worldwide in U.S. dollars, so 99% plus of our business will be in U.S. dollars. So we don't take a hit on our receivables that way, and when the currencies become weak overseas, it doesn't change our revenue right away because our prices are in dollars. But then it makes the products more expensive for our customers. So as you're renegotiating the price, the next bid comes in, next order comes in, you're negotiating and then you will see some impact. But doing it in dollars gives us more control, allows us to manage it, split it with the customer or do whatever, but really allows us to manage it rather than have an automatic [ph] full FX impact to drop down. So I think the way we do it is probably better and has a delayed effect. It also impacts the business of our customers. If a business of our customers includes lots of products from overseas, which in most cases it does, then their end product becomes more expensive and they're having more trouble in terms of ramping their own products. So those results are real. Some are first tier, some are second tier, some are even third tier and it's very hard to figure this out with 90,000 customers worldwide doing business in 100 countries and I don't think we can decipher that.
Stephen Sanghi: I think we like our inventory. Product mix has gotten very complex. Today, a significant portion of our business is analog. Lots of our microcontrollers business is very analog-like. There's a high amount of analog on microcontrollers with lots and lots of SKUs. So we're basically finding that our inventory level needs to be between 115 and 120 days. A few years ago, we used to talk about 110 days. So I think it's gone up by about maybe 7 to 10 days to have a reasonable amount of inventory to be able to do business in such a complex mix of SKUs, and our inventory today is 111 days.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, in terms of how the quarter progressed, it was a very standard March quarter that starts slow with the new year holidays around the world then picks up some steam and then slows down into the Chinese New Year and then you have a [indiscernible] in March. It's probably the most back-end loaded quarter we do compared to June quarter, September quarter, December quarter. March quarter is the most back-end loaded, predominantly driven by the Chinese New Year and slow start in January, so very difficult.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, I hate to go back and visit last year, but late last year, the estimates for the industry were double-digit 10 percentile [ph]. And we were able to see that, that that's not doable. It just didn't look possible with what we were seeing in the PC, the inventory we were seeing in the channel and what we were hearing from our customers. We just didn't think the industry had a driver to really create another 10% growth year. And as you look at it now, the growth rate for the industry has been cut in half. So I really have to say that I'm not surprised. It's -- I think that's what we thought it will be.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, we're a very profitable company. As you can see, 32.3% operating profit. So our microcontroller and analog business is both very well funded and relatively independently. We're not driving to a model that 3 years out, exclusion of a business will be this division or that division. They're all well-funded and it depends on basically achieving product success and marketplace penetration and they meet in manufacturing and they meet at the customer base and they meet in application. Wherein the same application, we got lots of microcontroller as well as analog products going into a single board. So there is a lot of synergy that way. But in terms of making investments, there's not a competition because we can really take care of both. So it will largely depend on where we have larger success. Analog has been growing faster somewhat because that's where we have done some of the acquisitions. Microcontroller acquisitions are a bit more difficult to do because everybody has a different architecture and you got different issues in trying to get synergy in microcontroller. So we had been able to acquire capability in analog both organically and through acquisitions, and it has been a smaller business compared to the microcontrollers. Microcontroller is a $1.5 billion business and analog is about 1/3 of that, $0.5 billion. So it's been growing faster. But it's not something that we are -- if microcontroller can grow faster with IoT with other applications, 32-bit is going very fast, 16-bit is going very fast, 8-bit did a record, but it does have a $1.5 billion gorilla that has to move. And we are #3rd in the overall microcontroller market, third or fourth depending on which year you take, versus in analog, we are much lower. There are much, much larger analog companies that we can take share from for long time.
Stephen Sanghi: Unless there is a large acquisition that moves the mix. From an organic basis, you can move 1 or 2 points a year or something. So it's not very huge. But significant movements had happened when we acquired SST, which was 100% outsourced; when acquired SMSC, that was 100% outsourced. You could ask that question in the second conference call on Micrel and maybe I can answer it there.
Stephen Sanghi: Yes, so when we answered your question on 39% inside, it was not on a COGS basis. It was basically on a fab basis, front end. In terms of back end, we do...
Stephen Sanghi: Yes. So we have continued to bring work from SMSC inside. We have closed Supertex test facility in Hong Kong. All that is running into Microchip. So yes, case-by-case basis. When it runs outside, we try to bring it inside for lower cost.
Stephen Sanghi: I think it's fashionable to say IoT. That's what I would say probably. That's -- it grew 35% year-over-year, and I'm sure it did very well quarterly, too.
Stephen Sanghi: We'll say June quarter is probably the most linear quarter. The March quarter is the most nonlinear quarter because of the Chinese New Year. Then when you get to September quarter, you have August, which is weak usually because of holidays in Europe and parts of Asia; and December quarter, you have holidays at the end. So June quarter is actually the most normal linear quarter, and I don't think we expect anything different.
Stephen Sanghi: So I think our distribution inventory is not high. Number one, we don't take it as a revenue, so it doesn't really matter as much. But if the distribution inventory becomes too high and then they correct it, we can have a downstream effect than if we have to lower our own inventory. Our own inventory is in the lower side and we like it higher. The distribution inventory is in the middle. So when you combine those 2 inventories in that high, if anything, they're in the low side despite the weakness, despite the guidance. So based on current numbers, our inventory is still really on the south or the middle. So I don't think the inventory is a problem. We're working very hard in our factories to make more product for our customers and have expedites and challenges and others with the mix being very complex, having closed down Supertex fab, accommodating all those products in our fab. Manufacturing is challenging and inventory -- high inventory is not an issue right now.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, I mean, we really aren't making a call either way. I mean, our manufacturing is running normal. If you look at our December quarter, we have holiday related shutdown we have to do to really do the maintenance on the facilities. So you lose a few days, and it's usually tied on total output in December quarter, and in the March quarter you get the full days. And related to that, we're working hard to build a few days of inventory. We said 3 to 9 days. Let's see at the end it comes out to be 4 or 5 days. That would still be only 114, 115 days of inventory on the lower end of 115 to 119. So like I said, in answer to Chris' question, I don't really think we have conviction either way to drive the inventory much higher and much lower. We're largely basically trying to get to the middle of our range and only going to get to the bottom of our range probably.
Stephen Sanghi: Okay. We want to thank everyone for attending our conference call. After a little break, at 5:45 Eastern Time, we'll be starting our second conference call, which is regarding the acquisition of Micrel, and we'll hear some of you again on that call. So thank you.
James Eric Bjornholt: So Chris, if you look back at our historical results, the March quarter is always a strong period in Europe and you're having growth of almost 19%. It was a really good quarter in Europe, but that's not out of the line with what we've seen historically. And so with the FX rates really changing kind of late 2014, early 2015, the impact on the quarter, from an FX standpoint, was not significant in the March quarter and Steve talked about what the forward effects could be. But it's always a very strong quarter in March in Europe and this quarter was no different.
James Eric Bjornholt: 111 and we put in the release that we'd expect, based on the guidance for the quarter, for inventory to grow between 3 and 9 days. So take the middle of the road of that and we're kind of getting real close to what our model is for the longer term. So I think inventory is in pretty good shape.
James Eric Bjornholt: So it's a combination of both, Kevin. We're continuing to invest in new processes and kind of technologies in both the front end and back end and investing to not only support the growth of our organic business, but then invest to bring some things in-house that were previously outsourced for acquisition. So kind of the same story that you've heard before, it is definitely a split between front-end manufacturing and back-end manufacturing.
James Eric Bjornholt: So if you're meaning how much of our wafer fab will be done in-house, so in fiscal '15, about 39% of that was outsourced and 61% was done in-house. There'll be modest movements from that in fiscal '16, won't -- nothing will change dramatically.
James Eric Bjornholt: 88% of the test we do in-house and kind of high 50s, low 60% of assembly we do in-house and that moves around with the acquisitions as Steve noted.
