Steve Sanghi: We’re not breaking it out but it’s a combination. The bitcoin exposure was on the Microchip side. ZTE exposure was mostly on the Microsemi side. If there is any kind of demand slowdown because of tariffs if the customers would be nervous to drawdown their inventories because they do not know what the tariffs would be to bring the product into U.S., then that would really affect both sides, Microchip as well as Microsemi. So it’s really a combination of it. But a fair amount of correction really is on the Microsemi side.
Steve Sanghi: So several questions, let’s take the margin first. Microsemi margins are lower than Microchip’s classic margins. Many investors and analysts may have forgotten that Microsemi acquired a company called Vectron back in September, and that company only had a little over 30% gross margin. So that brought the gross margins low, but during all this time, they had been sort of in the acquisition, so they never reported – Microsemi never reported their March quarter when their margins were impacted by Vectron and prior quarter was some sort of ratio.
Steve Sanghi: Okay, so I stand corrected and that makes my point actually better. So since it was in the November-December timeframe, the first full quarter of the lower Vectron margin would represent itself in the March quarter and March quarter was never reported by Microsemi anyway because they were already in acquisition. So we are seeing lower gross margins of Microsemi. So last quarter was only one month and this quarter we have the entire quarter. So therefore it has a larger impact of the lower gross margin. And this quarter we will also see the impact of substantial reduction of the build rates in the internal factories of Microsemi, but that was the answer on the gross margin side. The other part of your question was --
Steve Sanghi: Distribution correction. So roughly the $100 million less that we shipped was a combination of shipments, lower shipments from distribution to contract manufacturers and also to direct customers because they were essentially equal opportunity making deals with everybody and making – shipping excess product into every channel. So out of the $100 million a good portion, more than half of that was a correction in distribution. We will see another distribution correction in the September quarter and the December quarter. And right now we are expecting that that will complete the majority of the correction. The largest piece got done last month, in the month of June, and then the September and December will be two roughly equal pieces. And if anything is left after that, it’s kind of a tail, a very, very small portion here and there which will not be meaningful.
Steve Sanghi: Well, John, I’m not surprised to get that question from you. Really rightly day one, we took our guy who runs our networking business and he took over the Ethernet business and all those products are combined and we’re getting a single forecast from that division. Similarly, the case with our analog products, power management products, and others. I think if you go back to the Atmel scenario, if we had managed the business to look at Atmel’s 8-bit MCUs and Microchip’s 8-bit MCUs and Atmel’s 32-bit MCUs and Microchip’s and [indiscernible] products and automotive and others, we probably wouldn’t have got an as good results in Atmel as we were able to get, because we went at it as it’s really one business, shipped the lowest cost product at the highest ASP, wherever you have the best specs and best product and that’s really what we’re doing here. We just don’t want to spend and the Board doesn’t want to spend any of company’s energy to do it any other way. I think the Microchip business was fine and the Microsemi business was fine. One month can’t tell the story because the business was very nonlinear. So even though you’re looking at overall we achieved the numbers and slightly better than the guidance, both pieces were in the range, so basically not a problem. But reporting it is just like a slippery slope than – honestly, John, what you guys would like is really there are two clean spreadsheets; one and the other and everything adds up and two plus two is equal to 4.00000. And the world is too complex on our side. We got too many moving parts and things are moving too fast and this whole inventory correction got shoved on us from Microsemi that we were not aware of. There was so much inventory and the Board doesn’t want to put the energy on what doesn’t add value in us really driving the business.
Steve Sanghi: That reduction from one turn to 0.7 turns is largely because of shortage of the next two quarters. When you look at on the LTM basis a year from now, the September quarter and December quarter are going through substantial inventory correction, there is a shortage of the EBITDA. After that we get back to --
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think we always evaluate thing when we buy a company. And as you have seen in our prior acquisition, we have really divested very little. There was a tiny small piece out of the Atmel, there was nothing out of Standard Microsystems, there was nothing out of Micrel, nothing out of Supertex. We look at divesture more driven by it doesn’t fit at all rather than it isn’t performing well or it’s lower margin, because we fix margins. We fix pricing – increase pricing. We adjust the model mix of the products. We move the product into different set of customers, industrial or automotive and others where the margins maybe higher. We have done that in many, many acquisitions and we’ll do similar things here. The acquired company focus or the reach may be in a certain set of customers and we expand that and improve margins. So, so far we have not found anything we are going to divest but it’s only been a couple of months and that’s not where we are focused on, divesting. We are focused on improving.
Steve Sanghi: Well, good question, very good question. That would be the case if everything was pure. But everything was not pure. They had also – ex-management has also taken – every quarter they would take some direct customers and move them to distribution by giving distribution some discounts so they could make a margin on it. And in doing so they will take the next couple of quarters of product for that customer and stuff them into distribution. So therefore you get to recognize higher selling revenue because to the end customer you will only ship 1x. But to the distributor you can give them 1.5x or 2x and they will do some of that every quarter. So there was overall more than couple hundred million dollars of direct accounts had to move to distribution over the last year or so. And you can’t totally put your finger on it, but a lot of that seemed to coincide when it was sort of decided when the company would be sold. There is some timeline you can triangulate to but it’s not something I can really prove.
Steve Sanghi: Therefore, there is inventory sitting in distribution for the direct customers and those direct customers we are converting them back to direct customers but they won’t be buying anything for a little while until their distribution has cleared out their inventory shipping it to the direct customers.
Steve Sanghi: You’re correct. The revenue reported – I want to be very clear that there was no fraud involved because the ASC 606 allows you to recognize revenue shipped to distribution at sell-in. Now the question is --
Steve Sanghi: Yes, so ordinarily the management team in managing their business will ship it to distribution roughly what distribution ships out and has the distribution inventory grow only by the amount distribution is shipping higher amount in terms of business growing. That’s not really what happened here. Hiding under the revenue recognition that sell-in is a revenue recognition, there were large number of deals made with the distribution. When the inventory got higher and higher, they even offered interest subsidy to the distributor to carry inventory beyond a certain number of months because the distributor wouldn’t want to carry. There’s money tied up. And they will offer interest subsidy. So basically, shipping to distribution was made an art form almost. So yes, the revenue was higher than the real end market demand. Now at this point in time we’re not totally prepared to give you that number. I think it’s not extremely large. It’s in a few-percentage range. But we need to clear out this inventory over the next one or two quarters and ourselves be comfortable with what the run rate is. There will be – as we clean out this inventory over the next couple of quarters, there will be a larger revenue increase as we head towards the full board shipment because the inventory correction is over. So there will be some attenuation out in time of the growth rate and I think we’ll provide you some guidance over time, but not today.
Steve Sanghi: The core Microchip business does not really have any fundamental problem. I think there isn’t anything we’re trying to correct there. I think our issues are on the Microsemi side. But if you take those four points, the lead times on passives you have heard from many other companies, the whole industry is kind of being impacted. We do not know why passive lead times are that long and the growth has not been – it’s not like businesses have grown 30%, 40% where passives can’t be provided. But there must have been a significant reduction in passive capacity of some kind. So that’s not long lasting. I think as the industry corrects and passive lead times come down, that issue will go away. The tariffs and trade war is beyond our scope of being able to control it or fathom it and we don’t know any more than anybody else does what the effect of that would be. The ZTE situation, Microchip had a fairly small business with ZTE but the overall business – Microsemi had a larger business but it’s not huge. For the combined company, I can’t give you an exact number but let’s say it’s the order of 1%. Standalone, that wouldn’t be meaningful. That wouldn’t be all that large. You don’t highlight 1% kind of customers. But if there’s a demand destruction – significant demand destruction and 1 goes to 0.5, then 0.5% change on a sequential basis can be meaningful. And the bitcoin is similar. Bitcoin was on the core Microchip side. It’s not like it’s a huge business like it may be at some other companies like NVIDIA or something. For us it was like a 1% type business, but it’s down 70% or more. So standalone, it’s not really very much with all these moving parts you can make up with growth in other segments, but when you combine many of these sectors together and with all the headwinds from Microsemi, we cannot make up for these small components when you add these four together. I don’t know if that helps.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, we are seeing it and order activity – more than that I think we are seeing it in distribution sell-through in China to those customers. Still a lot of business in China is done through distribution just because – just logistics and all that. We do business both direct and distribution. We’re seeing it in both channels. The distribution does business with lots and lots of small customers who build stuff, hardware that ships back into U.S. And we have always told you our business consist of long-tail thousands and thousands of – probably 70,000, 80,000 small customers which can adjust their build rates in real time. They’re very nimble. And when they think – they don’t really know whether they can pass on this cost to end customer in U.S., whether they are competitive with 25% duty, will this product have a duty or not have a duty, it makes them pull back on their builds. And we’re seeing that impact in sales out from distribution in China.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we like lots of different businesses. They have very good FPGA business, they have very good business in the data center, they have very, very good business in analog, discrete, aerospace and defense. And then their certain businesses may be not as great. I mentioned one that the electronics business they bought. We don’t know why they bought that. We have some – that was a low margin business and Microchip would not have bought it. But yes, there are a number of good businesses. What attracted us to Microsemi in the first place really hasn’t changed. We had not imagined the seven months of inventory correction and crisis that we had to go through, but fundamentally we’re seeing fiscal year '21 guidance that we gave you on $8 per share is now conservative. This year – we said by the end of this fiscal year we’ll be producing $0.75 of accretion. We think that is conservative.
Steve Sanghi: Well, to the last question I don’t have any comment. For others, ask the others. We don’t comment on the industry, we comment only on ourselves. In terms of the inventory correction, inventory correction we can somewhat control because we’re working with distribution and contract manufacturers and end customers moving the end customers back from distribution to direct which will erroneously transfer to distribution and should not have been. And that we know complete sometime in the calendar fourth quarter. And to distribution, we are monitoring very, very carefully shipping less product to them. With the distribution, they didn’t want all this inventory. So in the month of June, we simply didn’t offer them any discounts and they didn’t take the inventory. You don’t have to do much. You just run the business, distribution buy what you need and it will get corrected by the end of the year. You don’t have to do much in that case because inventory was jammed through incentives and discounts and to smaller distributors even threatening. You don’t do any of that, inventory would correct. So we have high confidence that the inventory corrects. That’s not an issue. The impact of tariffs nobody can call. We really don’t know what happens in the trade war area. The passive components issue I think should go away because capacity is being added. I think that should go away. ZTE is temporary. ZTE will get its act together and figure out what the real demand is, what demand they have lost of their competitors. And the bitcoin is anybody’s guess. It’s not a huge portion of our business over a long period of time. For $1.5 billion roughly per quarter, 1%, we’re talking about $15 million a quarter. So it’s really not a huge, huge portion of the business and we don’t know whether bitcoin comes back to its old glory or not. So I think the main issue is the inventory correction one. That gets corrected in six months and then tariff one is not clear.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I’m not willing to accuse anything. I just think the accounting standing is wrong. And we have been seeing it from the beginning and we have already been in position to taper on it when the accounting standard was changed for its sell-in. All you need is a willing distributor or a set of distributors who are willing to take increasing amount of inventory which will ship out eventually some day. There are products in distribution from Microsemi that will take two years to clear. It’s not a huge amount like we’re seeing the majority of it will clear by the end of the year, but there are certain products every quarter they will take certain products, older products and slate them as end of life. Then they will build three, four years of inventory and give it to a distributor and recognize it for revenue in the current quarter. And next quarter do it with some more products. And standard allows it. Since it’s nonreturnable by the distributor, you gave them at a deep discount and you gave them interest subsidy so the distributor is willing to carry it. They will eventually ship it. The standard allows you to recognize it for revenue. So they didn’t do anything illegal. But the issue is they represented to us, to their own analysts before, to their customers or to the investors and everybody else that there was an end run rate. And legally there was a run rate because it will continue to do this for I don’t know how long, until some day it burst. That’s not how we do it. We have never stuffed the channel in our life. We have always recognized revenue on sell-through even though now GAAP standard says you have to account for sell-in, we are giving you that GAAP number but we’d give no GAAP guidance. We manage our business on sell-through. All our incentives are based on sell-through. So I’d just say – that’s really what happened. They did what they were allowed to do.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we expect that still to be the case. But what you start to see is really certain products inventory corrects. It doesn’t all correct in one day. Certain products have high inventory, certain products have low inventory and every month certain products inventory corrects. So their run rate returns back to normal. So you got lots of moving parts where you should see an ordinary kind of December weak quarter to the extent certain products inventory has corrected, those see an uplift. So I think driven by all those, we should just see a normal low-single digit down kind of December quarter. I think that’s usually what we see.
Steve Sanghi: I would say some of the questions are overly focused on just the shortfall in revenue guidance. Nobody has mentioned that the earnings guidance is $0.07 better than consensus. I think the old consensus was $1.67 to $1.68 and the midpoint we’re guiding $1.74. So we’re doing very well actually. We’re increasing our assessment of the overall earnings for the year and going out of the year, the accretion we can get. So I think look at the glass also half full. And we at the end of the day deliver non-GAAP earnings per share increasing amount. That is our goal. That’s where all our incentives are built on. That’s what the Board manages us by. And even the EBITDA doesn’t give you the credit for a lower tax rate. If the earnings per share are better for a given share count, that’s creating higher amount of total profit after tax. So we feel pretty good about where we are and how we executed the quarter, how we are carrying out the integration. The issues and challenges we’ve seen in inventory correction, just straightforward. They are flexible. It’s not like we need to device a tool or do some invention. There are just the normal blocking and tackling to correct this. But otherwise, earnings per share are great.
Steve Sanghi: I tell you guys after every acquisition that don’t underestimate, don’t undersell Microchip management’s ability to transform the company to take on the challenges that the new acquisition presents. In Standard Microsystems, the complaint was they’re vertical, you’re horizontal. Look at how well that thing has worked out. In the case of Atmel, they’re ARM and you’re MPS and all that. Look at how well that thing has worked out. So don’t underestimate Microchip’s ability and the management team and huge pipeline we have built internally that we prepare for this to take on the new challenges and expand our business. We’re about the eighth largest U.S. semiconductor market cab in a consolidating industry. You can’t just be sitting in your box and want everything to come with a nice bowtie, only microcontroller. We have to get into other businesses and grow our business in a consolidating industry.
Steve Sanghi: A number of our business units are planning to leapfrog the lithography at the foundries by skip one generation and leapfrog because that leapfrog technology has already been used by Microsemi in some of the same business units that you’re mentioning with library available, with experience available, with EST structures and chip designs and all that kind of stuff available. It will accelerate our roadmap and leapfrog the technology to be able to reuse some of that stuff at Microchip. So I think that’s kind of how we look at it. The ship is very safe in the harbor but that’s not why ships are made for. We can’t sit in our box and just look for everything to be a neat little microcontroller. We have to branch out and be able to expand our business and we have done successfully that in the last decade.
Steve Sanghi: Well, is there a willingness to compromise? Compromise by who? That compromise has to be between the Chinese and U.S. authorities and that’s way above my pay grade. That’s not – in terms of the automotive business, I think our automotive business – I don’t think our automotive business has yet been affected by tariffs.
Steve Sanghi: So far automobiles are not included in the tariffs. Steel and all that are, but the built automobiles are not included. It’s still in negotiation. So when they had an edict on July 6 and then August 23, a set of products that have tariffs, washers and dryers and those things are included. Cars are not. Cars are not dutiable right now. Some of the car components are like steel. So this thing is still raw. Thank you for your question, Gil.
Steve Sanghi: Well, there are a lot of moving parts and you can’t put a complete finger on it because there is some EOL mechanism with which they put the distribution inventory. Normal amount of inventory was very high. There was a huge nonlinearity. A lot of stuff was shipped undetermined. There was also this direct to distribution conversion. So there were a lot of these programs inter-layered. And I’m not accusing anything but I’m just saying that the timing, roughly it all started about a year or so ago which is more like when the conversations about the acquisition began. But I couldn’t prove that. I think it’s very, very rough.
Steve Sanghi: I think on that, think I will give kudos to the sales and marketing team. The prices are not below market or anything like that. But when they got an excellent price for a customer, then they inserted a distributor and kept the customer price the same and then they discounted to the distributor, gave an interest subsidy to carry the inventory. After a good price negotiated with the customer, they asked the customer to take much more inventory than the customer wanted and offered them a discount. So I think the pricing by marketing was done well. But then later on in the overzealous attempt to really recognize higher revenue, they kind of did their own thing on the top of that. So this one is easier to correct. It’s much harder to raise prices on the customer. It’s much easier simply not to offer the discount and say, just buy what you need, customer. I don’t want you to buy a lot of product that you don’t need. So we think this one is easier for us to correct that way.
Steve Sanghi: So a little bit of both. So I said that we believe that the accretion run rate at the end of the first year will be higher than $0.75. We didn’t numerically say what the number is because there is still – like I said, the numbers are going to be noisy here for the next couple of quarters because there’s just a lot of moving parts. But as we get out by June next year, we see a number higher than $0.75, which will represent really a little bit of pull-in based on our prior plan. Now in terms of $8 for fiscal year '21, we see that as conservative also. Internally, we’re modeling a number higher than $8. So that is the incremental accretion. I think some of that difference is coming from tax rate, lower tax rate also.
Steve Sanghi: So as we have interfaced with a lot of the distributors, some of them by the way, a fair number of them are common with Microchip. Their largest distributor was Arrow Electronics and our largest distributor is Arrow Electronics. And similarly there are some other common distributors in Asia and Japan and Europe and others. A large amount of interaction with the distributors was how much inventory they would take. It basically began around the middle of the quarter and large amount of I would say tension with the distributor was largely how much inventory would you take. And so as we have spoken with the distributors, distributors feel refreshed and saying that you’re not going to force me to take inventory I never wanted. You will in fact let me drain down my inventory. And so we can have a conversation about demand creation, reference design, how can we together build the business, let’s go call on common customers, let’s highlight and beef up the Web site and put reference designs and solutions on it. How do we take advantage of Total Systems Solution, Microchip and Microsemi common products going into the same platform, on and on and on? So conversations with distributors have turned into positive interactions regarding growing the business. And before that – and this distributors are telling us. The ex-management of Microsemi is gone. Distributors are telling us that this tension about such a large amount of inventory jamming took all the oxygen out of the room. It just consumed the entire energy and interaction with the distributors.
Steve Sanghi: You will start to see it as – if inventory bleeds out by the end of this calendar year, you’ll start to see the impact starting in the March quarter. So if you’re talking about getting brand new designs in production, that usually takes 12 to 18 months. But you’ll start to see impact on the funnel, impact on joint opportunities, probably as early as late this quarter.
Steve Sanghi: One of his questions was really what portion of our incremental to possibly $8 is tax-related? Rajeev, what I would say is that in the past when R&D tax credit used to go away every year and then used to come back later in the year, most companies will have a much lower tax rate in the fourth quarter and then they’ll true up and have a much lower tax rate and sometimes make up the earnings miss with that tax rate and all that. And analysts and investors will discount the additional earnings per share coming by the tax rate. This is not that kind. This is real tax rate current quarter. There is nothing we’re taking from the past to our future. This is actual good old tax planning which for the next several years we’ll have a very low tax rate. So you should look at that as it’s no better or worse than earnings per share produced from higher gross margin or higher revenue or lower expenses or anything else.
Steve Sanghi: Rajeev, I resigned from that job back in 2014. I would let those jobs be yours rather than mine. I’ll just talk about our business. I get no benefit from that. I’ll let you guys decode that.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we want to thank everyone for attending this call. We’ll see some of you on the road at conferences, which I think begin again late August and September. So thank you very much.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our leverage on a net basis, excluding a very long dated convertible, was 5.0 at the end of June. We had originally guided that we have about a turn reduction per year. And because of the distribution and inventory correction that we need to make, we think that in that first year we’re going to be somewhere in the 0.75 range in terms of reduction and then get back to the one turn per year. So it’s a little bit slower pace. And absolutely we are focused on deleveraging the balance sheet and using 100% of our excess cash generation beyond the dividend to pay down debt. So it’s a focus area of ours. We know that we have a lot of leverage at this point in time but we’re committed to bring it down.
Eric Bjornholt: I would say longer term, Kevin, probably a good estimate to use is 4% of revenue. We need to continue to evaluate the Microsemi business and see with the investments there. Obviously we’ll be looking to see if there is ways that we can improve the margin on their products by making investments like we’ve done in other acquisitions and investing in assembly and test and bringing activities in-house. So I think that’s kind of the swing factor there. But we were more heavily weighted in the frontend of fiscal '19 from a CapEx perspective.
Eric Bjornholt: Our lead times are in very good condition at this point in time. I think Steve mentioned that the majority of our products have lead times with four to eight weeks. And there’s always some exceptions to that and we’re making the proper investments to correct all of our lead times to the right level.
Eric Bjornholt: I think in all our acquisitions in the past as well, seasonality – the blended seasonality will adjust and it will take some time before all that settles out. So I don’t think a historical seasonality would be an accurate predictor of future seasonality when there are acquisitions with different seasonality and different blending taking place.
Eric Bjornholt: So the deleveraging approach is essentially all cash generation above and beyond the dividend is going to go to pay down debt. We aren’t going to do anything unnatural. We’re not going to push inventory into the distribution channel to generate cash and things like that.
Eric Bjornholt: We’re going to run the business, going to get our synergies as quickly as we can and with that generate cash to pay it down. And so we are definitely a little bit behind schedule to start and we’ve got a little bit of a headwind in front of us. But long-term cash generation and operating profit generation from these businesses combined is very high. No real change in that long-term outlook. So hopefully that answers your question. And then obviously, as we pay down debt, there’s interest expense reduction. That’s built into our forecast but we aren’t going to give any real details in terms of how that lays out quarter-by-quarter at this time.
Eric Bjornholt: I think we had a big correction in June as we’ve kind of talked about. I think it continues through the end of the calendar year to have a little bit of pressure on that because of the continued reduction that we expect in distribution inventory. But after that, I think it should return to a more normalized basis.
Ganesh Moorthy: If you’re asking for segments of growth, we don’t breakout any of the segments. Those businesses have been in a long-term growth mode. We have shared with you what we have been doing with Microchip 2.0 with the total system solutions. You have to note though that some of the growth this quarter that we’re showing sequentially is a combined company growth and so reflects some of the addition of Microsemi in those numbers. We haven’t broken out the classic Microchip microcontrollers or analog other than to give you some comfort that they both hit records, they both grew more than classic Microchip as an average so that you can see the underlying strength in those businesses.
Ganesh Moorthy: So they are standalone businesses. You’re right. They do have more leading edge process technologies and design technologies and packaging in many cases that they use. But that’s not different from when we went to SMSC five years ago, six years ago, in the acquisition. It brought a new degree of complexity. We adapt to it. It fits within the overall portfolio. We find the strengths that the acquired entity has and bring it into the rest of Microchip. We find the strength that Microchip has and take it back to the acquired businesses. And on a blended basis, if we don’t get out of our box, our growth opportunity is unlimited. So, of course, new product lines will bring new complexity but they also bring lots of opportunity to use the strengths of both companies and that’s the way we look at it and how we go forward. And in these two businesses, in specific, there’s also a substantial amount of Microchip classic content available to us to take into those markets where they have significant strength, customer presence and visibility into what else is needed. And in fact, some of the reference designs I talked about, where the joint sales teams have looked at, that’s coming from the joint teams looking and saying, wow, here’s things Microchip didn’t know could be done added to things that Microsemi does extremely well in certain applications and certain customers.
Ganesh Moorthy: And it reinforces Steve’s point earlier that as we move forward, we focus on the combined company opportunities, rather than trying to box it and saying, well, let’s make the old one look good or the new one look good. It’s really the combined company opportunities that provide the richest forward-looking opportunities.
Ganesh Moorthy: No. I think some of the uncertainties are there. Cars are built in the U.S. and shipped to other parts of the world. Cars are built in Europe and shipped into the U.S. And some of the discussions have created uncertainty. We’ll see how it all plays out. But I think Steve’s right. It’s not a current impact.
Ganesh Moorthy: And the high starting gross margins are a good indicator of how that was far better disciplined than other acquisitions we’ve done. And hopefully there’s some upside from the discounting being rolled off that we’ll see in the coming quarters.
Ganesh Moorthy: And it’s actually liberated time within the company as well because the business units and others that were all part of that discussion process.
