Stephen Sanghi: Well, we look at a variety of factors, including bookings and billings activity, discussion with our direct and distribution customers, distribution sell-through activity, customer cancellations, customer pull-ins, delivery push-outs and pull-ins. Whether 120,000 plus customers that we service in a vast range of end markets and applications, we really believe that we get a very broad perspective of what is happening in our business. Today, these indicators are telling us that the environment is still very uncertain driven by a variety of factors, including the trade situation. However, we don't see things getting worse at this point unless something more negative occurs on the trade front. Based on the vast amount of data that we get, we're releasing a framework for the formation of a bottom for this cycle in the March quarter.
Stephen Sanghi: So business is tracking well to the guidance we are providing. We have seen the bookings stabilize and even increase somewhat very recently, but I would say it's a very short duration indicator and it's really not enough for -- a long enough time to be really making calls based on that.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, I think the same reason why the gross margins were strong this quarter. We are getting an uplift from a lot of the discounts that were given to the distribution channel and contract manufacturers and others. And a lot of the business of that was moved to distribution from the Microsemi business, we have completed that conversion back to direct and, therefore, you take out the distribution margin hit. So all that is having a positive effect on ASPs and our margins. We are continuing to reduce cost in all of our factories. There is still a lot of Atmel products, which was outside. Every quarter, more and more of it is coming in. There is also some Microsemi product we're starting to bring in. Some of the expenses have been taken out from the manufacturing overhead in synergies. So we have a lot of moving parts and the product mix is very healthy.
Stephen Sanghi: I think aerospace and defense is a market in its own. It's in its own space and it doesn't really follow the usual -- what happens in industrial, consumer and other. It's a very different business. We did see some impact from the government shutdown where we couldn't get certain export licenses processed and some programs were not released, but we kind of expect it to square up in the quarter and that really help any significant impact going out of the quarter. There is some impact of a budget flush and there's a lot of budget flush in September and December quarters where all these large customers, they have government budgets and they need to spend it. Otherwise, they use it or lose it. And so March quarter is sequentially down in that segment because of the budget flush.
Stephen Sanghi: I don't know about how everybody else is doing, so I will just speak for Microchip rather than the industry. A settlement of trade would be a bonanza. Our customers and distributors are so cautious. There is low visibility. They're building bare bones what they need for the backlog from their customers. Nobody wants to get stuck with anything depending on what happens. If the trade talks are settled prior to March 1, this would be a big bonanza.
Stephen Sanghi: Yes. So I think -- I would just say, maybe sticking my neck out a little bit, that over time, I think we will learn to have the guidance narrower. We have a very broad distribution. We do business with over 100 distributors around the world, which is not the case with many other semiconductor players that do business with largely 3 or 4 large distributors. We, as you know in the past, we have large distributors, which we call global distributors, we have catalog houses and we have nearly 80 to 100 distributors in China alone. So our distribution network is very, very broad. And to really figure out what everybody is going to buy, those are not the profits that we worked on in the past. We don't really care what distributor buys. We care about what distributor sells out and our processes take care of that. So we will get better at it very rapidly. We're not saying years. We're saying quarters. We'll get better at it and guidance will narrow. And the other impact is the uncertain environment. Once the environment gets more certain, I think we'll narrow it also.
Stephen Sanghi: Good question, as always. Just to keep that question on the back of your mind, and I think as we get further, as we establish 63%, then we will assess further. Right now, especially Microsemi factories are significantly underloaded because we first corrected the distribution inventory, and then the internal inventories were much higher, the internal inventories from Microsemi that we inherited are a lot higher than really the level of inventory at Microchip. So we have a number of factories running at 50% capacity, a number of them are running something higher than that. So overall utilization is very low. But, I made this point last quarter, I think only about 10% to 20% of -- 15% of Microsemi business is done in the internal factories, that comes from the foundries. So from foundries, we have aggressively cut the starts and assembly and test loading to really bring that down rapidly at subcontractors. Internal, we have carried and the factories are running below capacity. And when the business comes back, we get some improvement from utilization from the internal factories but there were only 15% of Microsemi business, they're only probably 5% of our business, total, Microchip. So just be careful.
Stephen Sanghi: Okay. So I think I would say we really can't present you enough data to convince you and we're not going to try. What we can tell you is that our current backlog for June quarter is about flat with the backlog we had for the March quarter on November 5, okay? So that may look flat. But then you have to look at after November 5, we had a bunch of holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas and then Chinese New Year in the March quarter. There are no major holidays for June quarter. So starting with the flat backlog and going into the stronger quarters without the holidays, that's why we say barring any significantly negative developments on the trade negotiations with China, we believe that June quarter will strengthen or we're confident that it should not be sequentially down again. But the second point I would say, Harsh, is, and I don't mean this for all the analysts and for all the investors, there are lots of them that have followed us for a long time and believe the calls we make, but there are a lot of the others who don't.  We have made numerous calls in the last 15 years or so for the business environment to turn negative and then turn positive. When we first make a negative call, first it is not believed, it's even ridiculed a few times. Then 3 to 4 months later, what we say gets confirmed and everybody goes down. Then comes the recovery part of the call, it is not believed either. As we go on the road over and over and over we get the question, what gives you the confidence, and we answer it. That is not believed either. So to my recollection, we have not been wrong in 15-plus years in calling the downturn, and we have not been wrong in the same time frame calling the upturn. That's what gives us the confidence. Like you saying your business, past performance is no guarantee of the future results. So we don't guarantee anything. So of course, our confidence is subject to some number of risks, but I think that's the narrative I'd like to explain.
Stephen Sanghi: I don't know if that's what I'm saying. Actually, I'm saying very clearly that barring any significant negative developments from the trade front, that was the caveat in what I said. And what I also said was that I think with a month to go to March 1, I think the governments are making progress, there are positive signals coming out of the White House. You recall how negatively signals were coming out regarding Canada during one of the conferences, I think. And then all of a sudden, a week later it all came out good. So it's -- Trump had used that strategy in a way and then not those negative signals coming about China. So I think the progress must be good, but it's a lot of work to get done. And I'm simply saying, it's most likely that there's some positive announcement but the actual settlement gets pushed out further. The settlement gets pushed out further, the environment we're seeing remains. Our guidance assumes a fairly current environment continuing. And if that current environment continues, then June quarter is still better than March quarter.
Stephen Sanghi: We have not. We have not sold any of the businesses, we have not closed any other of the Vectron factories. We're running the business. You are correct that the business is at a lower gross margin. We're using our usual techniques. We are trying to improve the gross margins. We asked the management, they also -- Microsemi had to cut some expenses, and we have cut some. So the contribution to EBITDA is actually much higher than really what it was originally. But the gross margin, if you only focus on that, then the gross margins are lower. We have other businesses at Microchip where the gross margins are lower than our corporate margin. We have also many businesses that are higher, in the 70s and 80s. So at the end of the day, it's a mix.
Stephen Sanghi: And when the factories come back to full production, as we take out these excess inventories, Vectron business will see substantial cost reduction through higher utilization in that factories, their numbers are going to start looking much better.
Stephen Sanghi: But I think directionally, March quarter, usually, our European business is strong, our China business is weak because of Chinese New Year, even in a normal time, we're also dealing with trade here, and the U.S. business is kind of normal. So I think directionally, it can have that.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, so I think the uptick we talked about in bookings in November call basically did not hold. I think you've heard from everybody that December was fairly weak. That's always the problem in making decisions based on very short-term data. And I said that earlier that our bookings have normalized very -- lately, we have even seen some strength. But don't take it to the bank yet, I'm not taking it to the bank. We have made the call today, at the midpoint down about 3.5% sequentially from GAAP-to-GAAP revenue. This does not include any dramatic improvement of bookings or improvement of trade or anything like that. I think it just assumes that the market stays in the doldrum.
Stephen Sanghi: So March quarter sometimes lands up very much depending on where that Chinese New Year falls based on the lunar calendar. Earlier the Chinese New Year, the better than March quarter usually lands up being because Chinese customers can go slow before that and they come back and then they see all charged up and ramp up their factories. So Chinese New Year is happening this week, which we will consider kind of early because it can be late February, it can even be fairly late. But it has been even earlier sometime in late January. But this is really early to mid. So this is good sign, and we will see what happens after Chinese New Year.
Stephen Sanghi: So what I would say to that is we are ahead of the accretion target today. Just in some cases, we have pulled some of the synergies in, it had gone better in term of integration but we haven't revised the final number. The other major change that happened is that business environment recession that we're going through that we have not built into the forecast, nobody had anticipated it back then. It will depend on the shape of the recovery. If the recovery is fast like it has happened in some prior cycles, then we get back on that schedule. If the recovery is a lot slower and it's kind of the L-shaped recovery, it stays in doldrums for a year, then the schedule for achieving that may have to be adjusted. But I don't think we are uncomfortable with the number, total accretion.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, you're putting words in my mouth. But that was our forecast then. And again, depending on the shape of the recovery, that is still our target.
Stephen Sanghi: Autos has been a very good business and you shouldn't be concerned. We have just a tremendous funnel of the design wins in automotive for future and all that, significant entry into various electric vehicles around the world and autonomous vehicles around the world. So there's really no reason to be concerned. The issue in automotive market have been two. One is, Europe implemented a new emission standard for their diesel vehicle starting September 1. And all the agencies had a one year notice, they knew a year ahead of time, that the new emission standard was going to effect on September 1, 2018. September 1, 2018, came and there was no capacity. People kind of just felt sleep on the switch. So there were millions of cars taking away airport parking lots that can't be on the road because they don't pass emission standard. So that created a significant dislocation in the European car market, it's working through it, will take more time to work through all that. So that was one issue. And the second issue was the slowdown in China. China is now the largest automotive market, larger than U.S. and larger than Europe. And China is going through its own issues of slowdown and stock market crash and some of the people's wealth has been affected. So the China automotive market, all that will come back.
Stephen Sanghi: So I would say that we confirm usually a lot of positives after we close the acquisition. We don't usually find new positives because the management's always, those are the positive that's been out, and they're selling their company, so they're really not hidden positives. We usually find some new negatives that we may not have known or may not have fully understood or may not have been fully explained as you have seen. But on the positive side, we don't get surprises but we get confirmation. And here, as I said, we got a very good confirmation, the products are very good, customer sockets are very sticky in discrete military products, in FPGA sockets, in a lot of the analog sockets, in timing business and data center businesses. They're very good businesses, they're good sticky sockets, very complex products as well as very simple discrete product. So it has a range of products and very, very good engineering teams, very, very good work done. And I think we have continuously said that we feel very good about it. Business fits very well with Microchip. We have truly enhanced the ASPs and gross margins by a methodology of discontinuing the -- some of the discounts and all that. We brought the inventories to the right levels. Internal inventory, we're still working through. As we revamp the factories, I think they will have some more positive effect. So all that is very good. I think we feel good about where we are.
Stephen Sanghi: But I think I don't think anybody questions the strength of data center or communication market as a good market longer term. Any segment is going to go through inventory digestion and cycles. The question we were dealing with was, is Microsemi a good business? Is it the right direct acquisition? Is short-term cycle coming in? And having some hyperscale digestion for a quarter or two will not really factor into our decision. I think this will be a very good business long term.
Stephen Sanghi: So Raji, I think our assessment is that trade is the problem why Chinese economy is weakening so much. China has been the production center for the world. And as these trades came in, Chinese goods became more expensive and threaten to go more expensive, with $200 billion of Chinese goods getting 25% tariff, that's a $50 billion tax. So companies have moved production out of China to the extent they could, to the extend the product was running in two different factories and one was outside. But there is just not enough capacity outside of China to take all that outside. But there are lots of them in works. With the tariffs, Chinese stock market has taken a major hit. And Chinese consumers use the stock market as the cash machine to run their businesses and buy cars and buy stocks. So I think you cannot take the trade issue away from the Chinese economy. As the trade issue is settled, that is the boost that the Chinese economy will need. And then the people will have to think about do they stop taking factories outside of China or would the trade talk settle, all that effort stops. I can't know what would happen there. Is there a future risk? If there is complete removal of trade barriers, then I think nobody's want to do the work to move the factories outside. If the settlement happens where there's significant barrier on both sides, then all that will continue.
Stephen Sanghi: I think there was one small one done. But I would think, yes, if there is a settlement in trade post-Chinese New Year, whenever Chinese economy has been weak, that's what they have done, stimulus for various things. That's largely predictable. And I don't know, I don't have a line to the Premier, but I think that's really what would happen.
Stephen Sanghi: So ZTE had no restrictions in the quarter and our business was normal. I think we said in the prior quarter, there was some demand distraction where during the time, ZTE couldn't build a product. They lost some designs and competitor picked it up. And in certain cases, we got design with a competitor also; in certain cases, we did not. But ZTE business is kind of normal. The Huawei business is normal. There is a lot of talk about the U.S. indictment and their CFO has been detained in Canada. There has been no impact of any of that on the Huawei business yet.
Stephen Sanghi: We're moving forward on a very, very wide beachfront, so pick one. When we bought Microsemi, Microsemi compiled their results on 21 different ERP systems, business unit by business unit, and then they are compiled, somewhat like a conglomerate. We -- the companies we have bought, we have brought them all into our enterprise system and ran a single enterprise system for years and years. With Microsemi, we have said, we're going to go down to two systems. I would love to go down to one, but the work was just too much. So we were 22, one of us and 21 of Microsemi. From 22, we'll go down to two. And we're making progress. We took one business in into our system on November 1. We took three on February 1. We have another 3-or-so planned for May 1. And then there'll be a cadence of these go-live every quarter. In another 12 to 18 months, we will consolidate. So that's a huge project with lots of synergy and accretion coming from that. The business units in terms of the marketing and design and pipelines and integration with our technologies and factories and all that is largely some done, some ongoing. Most of Microsemi parts are not going to come into our factories. Like PMC-Sierra parts, they run in foundries, and FPGA parts run in foundries, and they are going to come in inside. But certain products of other business units may come in, and that's an ongoing process. As far as sales is concerned, sales all work for a common sales leader. So that's already done. The biggest job in sales is cross-training and cross-pollinating. So a Microchip salesperson feel very confident selling Microsemi products, and in a total system solution gets all those designed in. And vice versa, a Microsemi person feels very confident with Microchip. With $4 billion company on one side, $2 billion company on other side, that takes some time. And that's progressing. And how we kind of make it work is really a -- is a team where you call on the expert from the Microchip side or the Microsemi side to make the joint call so you start to get your total system solution effect. And that, we're already getting. The reviews we see from various businesses in the Microsemi reviews, we see Microchip parts designed in, in the future boards and on the Microchip reviews, we see the Microsemi parts designed in. So that is starting to happen. But a lot more needs to happen.
Stephen Sanghi: It's the latter. The designs take about 9 months to 2 years to go to production depending on how complex it is. You could have a very simple, some discrete parts, et cetera, something that are designed in. There could be faster, but there are complicated parts which could be longer. So it's really, yes, there's a gestation period after you get the design in. You should see some revenue coming out of TSS in 2020, and then it accelerates from there.
Stephen Sanghi: Well, we want to thank everyone for joining this call today. And we'll be seeing some of you between now and the next conference call. On the road, there are various conferences we'll be going to. So thank you.
James Bjornholt: Yes. So we are -- we do not really have a good process for forecasting what the change in distribution inventory is going to be. That's not how we used to run our business historically, you know that, and that's why we've given the sell-through information or end-market demand consumption historically. We really feel, as we said kind of in our prepared remarks, that distribution inventory is in a good position to support what end-market consumption is. So I think at this point in time, we've given a pretty broad range of guidance for the quarter of plus 2 to down 9, so that's probably the broadest range of guidance you've seen from Microchip in a long time and some of that is the unpredictability of what the sell-in versus sell-through is going to be.
James Bjornholt: Sure. So, I mean, revenue was roughly 1% -- a little more than 1% better than our guidance was. And I think that's just kind of the puts and takes that we saw in the quarter, but it was good that we came in above the midpoint. And then on the gross margin side, we had a very favorable product mix in the quarter. We continue to really focus on cost reductions of our manufacturing areas. You know that we made quite a bit of changes in terms of any discounts that were previously given for the Microsemi portion of the business, on sales to distributors or contract manufacturers, and we're really seeing the benefit reflect itself in the gross margin today.
James Bjornholt: Yes. Vivek, just to add to that, as you can tell from our last two quarters of actual results where our end-market demand was higher than what the sell-in revenue was, there's definitely a bleed-down of the distribution inventory and we don't think that the end customer is probably any different, although we don't get real data points on that.
James Bjornholt: I believe it is the combination of both, right? I mean, we haven't given guidance historically based on sell-ins. So this is new to Microchip and we don't feel that we have a good way to understand if distribution inventory is going to increase or decrease in a period. So that is a factor, but obviously the environment is very uncertain. So I can't parse it out in terms of what percentage is each, but I -- this is just a pretty broad range of guidance...
James Bjornholt: Yes, and I think another contributor factor is that the lead times are very, very short today, right? So backlog visibility is not great.
James Bjornholt: Sure. We expect somewhere between a $175 million and $200 million of debt pay down in the current quarter. The last two quarters were significantly higher than that. I would say that we obviously are coming off where accounts receivable is down quarter-over-quarter. We had some very good help from some of our customers and some of our vendors in terms of payment terms and negotiating that, and really making significant progress compared to what our guidance was in the December quarter, but we don't really have those levers to pull in the current quarter. So I don't think I'd use that $175 million to $200 million as kind of an ongoing run rate. We do expect that it will get significantly better from this point forward, but we'll continue focus really all of our excess cash generation outside of the dividend on paying down debt.
James Bjornholt: I can take that. So I mean, the in all geographies, we're down. We posted this on our website. So it's available for everybody to see and will be in our 10-Q filing. But all geographies were down. It is not unusual at all for the Americas and Europe to be down in the December quarter just because of all the holidays. And typically, we see strength from Asia in that time period prior to leading in the Chinese New Year in the current quarter. But I think all geographies were weak. This weakness was not just the China issue, it's just kind of spread across the globe. And in terms of forecast for the next quarter or the current quarter that we're in, we don't really break out the forecast by product line or geography.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. There are no last time buys in FPGA that are driving that revenue. There has been feed zone for many quarters on some of the new products, the fourth and fifth generation of the FPGA products. There's some of the FPGA, which is exposed to markets like defense and aerospace, they have some quarter-ending budget that needs to be spent. But it's a stable, solid business and we see many, many good characteristics for how that can be continued to be built on. Quarter-to-quarter, we may have small changes, but our overall, if you look at annualized revenue, it's on a nice good growth path for us.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. Rather than going segment-by-segment, I think we have previously indicated that the automotive, industrial and consumer home appliance markets were weaker in the last quarter. Especially as we look at this in the guidance for this quarter, we're seeing the addition to that, the data center market, the communication markets have also started to have some softening that goes with it. So at this point in time, I can't pick any one of them to say this is the main reason why the strength is coming or the weakness is coming. I think we're seeing a broad-based weakness and even some which were stronger last quarter are less strong at this point in time. Defense and aerospace has continued to be strong. It could have some impact this quarter from the government shutdown and what impacts that may have, but that's all built into our guidance at this point.
Ganesh Moorthy: If your question goes beyond Vectron. In the last two conference calls, we've also mentioned as part of our integration effort, we have reviewed every single business. And while there are many, many excellent businesses, there were some that needed improvement. And we have made adjustments in terms of level of investment we're making in those businesses to be better overall result for us as well. So -- but that's all largely behind us. At this point, as Steve mentioned, on Vectron and all the other businesses, we're working on improving what we inherited and making significant progress towards that.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think in any given quarter, you're going to find that the data is more noisy. It's easier to look at these on a four quarter rolling basis, and that's what we expect when we'll see the 2018 data. So there is no doubt in our mind we're gaining market share. But quarter-to-quarter, the numbers can be more noisy.
Ganesh Moorthy: And Gil, if I can add one more point. The consumption of electronics going into cars continues to go up year after year after year. So -- and in many years, that consumption of electronics going up offsets any reduction in production as well. And so that's been the long-term trend and remain so.
Ganesh Moorthy: We're broadly represented in the 32-bit microcontroller market. The standard products are broadly represented in all the end markets, it's a ubiquitous product. I can't pick any one of them that's necessarily the one that's going there. But we've been coming off of a -- a being lower in the rankings. We're rapidly coming up the rankings. And as we do that, it has to come from all the different segments that we play in.
Ganesh Moorthy: No, not at all. I think, the 8 and 16 bits are continuing to do well. And again, when you see the annual results for 2018, you'll see that all three segments as it was in prior years are doing well. The 32-bit, we have more capabilities that have come both organically as well as through the acquisitions. It's allowing us to play in a number of incremental markets that perhaps we couldn't get to a few years ago. And so I think the point of providing some color was there was a sense of perhaps 32-bit was still very small for us and we were just playing in 8 and 16s. Now 32-bit, at over $1.2 billion annualized based on the last two quarters, is a pretty significant portion of a $3 billion-plus annualized microcontroller market for us.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think, built into our guidance for this quarter, as I mentioned earlier, it does reflect that there is some weakness in those two segments in communications and data center. It's not different from what others have been talking about as well. And we are seeing that in the Microsemi products that play into those segments.
