Steve Sanghi: The pricing discipline is improving and to a different extent with various manufacturers. I can't mention it, the names of the competitors and specifically what they are doing, but we have seen some discipline on others also, some more than the others. Microchip has kind of led this charge in the last five years, and especially after the acquisition of Atmel, whose pricing was really below acceptable pricing, we have quite substantially corrected those pricing and we have seen others who were relatively undisciplined also make some correct moves in that direction.
Steve Sanghi: Well it's not something we can completely externally share, but we have large number of internal indicators, which are really driven by number of Microchip products per customer board. So if you think about years ago, we just sold microcontrollers and you will usually have one device per customer board. We have well in excess of one device per customer board and the larger and larger that number becomes means you are being able to attach more and more devices, and rather than the attach, we kind of use the word these days, total system solutions. So we track that internally and it's moving in the positive direction. It's not something we plan to share with the Street as just one other thing to track and hit us over the head with.
Steve Sanghi: So our lead times on most products today are between, I would say, 4 weeks and 20 weeks. So lots and lots of products are kind of normal on lead time. It could be version of a given silicon that is longer, but other versions are shorter, so a large bracket around it is about 4 weeks to 20 weeks. But more important part is really, they're not getting any longer. They were getting longer in the prior quarters, as we extended and the normal lead times we will consider where 90% of our products can be bought in 4 to 8 weeks. So that's kind of the bracket and with the capacity growth we have had, we have been able to stabilize the lead time, but as I said in my remarks, we're essentially shipping all the excess production for growth and not able to either lower the amount of delinquent product, or unsupported product, nor are we able to really dramatically shorten the lead times. On some products with tester/handler product combinations have caught up, yes, but in broad majority, lead times are stable but not coming in yet.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I don't have any comments on the industry. I resigned from that job two years ago. We're just simply – I will comment on Microchip. And what I'm seeing is that by lead times really not going longer and taking almost a year to bring these lead times down, that we're guiding to really by the middle of next year, we believe we already have engineered a soft landing and not creating any panic, not having runaway book-to-bill ratio, strong backlog, fair amount of unsupported product. But still largely good behavior on the part of customers and distributors. Inventory is still very low all over the board. Our distributor inventories are low. Our Microchip inventories are lowest in seven years. This is essentially engineering a soft landing.
Steve Sanghi: Does it change the M&A strategy, it does not change the M&A strategy. If we find a right company that fits well, we can buy it at a reasonable price, is accretive going in and with all the other – check all of the boxes that we have, sort of a pretty proprietary scheme of how we essentially select an acquisition, if we can do that we will do it. However, as you know, the herd is thinning. There are fewer companies left and the valuations are quite high as we speak. But as we're able to find some things on reasonable valuation, it doesn't change our view.
Steve Sanghi: Well, these distribution things go in cycles. You made a call 10 years ago, we were taking some actions on distribution when we felt that certain distributors were not creating demand, and a decade later now some other people feel the same way. So these things kind of go in cycles. But what we're experiencing is currently, as a number of our competitors have defranchised either distributor completely or they have narrowed their margins and not giving them demand creation margin, we have seen these distributors put a tremendous attention and focus on Microchip and especially with a broadened product line sort of under the Microchip 2.0 initiative that we have, we are finding that distributors are finding the new Microchip 2.0 product portfolio to be so much more desirable and essentially being able to replace the number of other competitive companies where they have lost a franchise on, including microcontroller, analog, wireless, USB, Ethernet, wired products, USB, Ethernet and wireless, just really timing is just perfect for the distribution to grab onto our broad portfolio, and do a great job for us. So I think we are taking advantage of it right now.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the net leverage isn't a problem now. We're down to 1.58 and we'll be lower again by the end of September. That's not the issue. I think the issue is the majority of the cash is still overseas and we've got about $0.5 billion or so here domestically, and we're still looking for the next acquisition. So it really wouldn't make sense to buy a bunch of stock back and then either have to issue stock in the next acquisition or really then borrow large amounts of money. So I don't think buying back stock really fits right now.
Steve Sanghi: I don't really have a whole lot to say on that in terms of cycle. I think we are seeing a very, very strong demand for our products. I think it's largely driven by a lot of company-specific drivers in analog, in attach, in being able to take Atmel portfolio that was being marketed in a substandard way. Costs were high. Other things were not right and we're correcting a lot of those things and being able to attach analog, wireless and other products to that portfolio. So a lot of it is really company-specific drivers and so I think really this growth momentum continues. We didn't want it to get over frothy and get into double ordering and holding and all that. I believe we're successfully avoiding that by engineering a soft landing. So somewhere over the next year, I think it goes from the current growth rate to the long-term growth rate almost in a soft landing fashion.
Steve Sanghi: I think the main difference is, your memory is probably of the event two or three years ago. Was it 2014 I think, there was basically a abrupt contraction in the Chinese business at that time, which we mentioned in our call, and that's really what led to a quarterly miss and then cycle unraveling, and it was seen by the entire industry subsequently within three, four months of that, even though a lot of the investors and analysts originally did not see it. We saw it first. I can't predict the world events. There's a war somewhere, something else happens and some sort of event to terminate or to change it. So I think that was the main difference. If your outlook is that some sort of strong event takes place somewhere, then all bets change, that I cannot forecast.
Steve Sanghi: Just pulling it up. I think your question is really sort of how can investors track it. So, a lot of it is related to being able to sell a large number of peripheral products around the main microcontroller, which you sometime call it attach and we're calling it total system solution. We are seeing it in our funnel. We are seeing it in number of design wins of devices per board going up from one, like one would be no attach. So a lot of these things we don't plan to share it externally, I think. So that's part of the challenge. But total system solution we will track it internally. You can track customer preference to design with our MCUs. That analysts and investors can track. There's an EE Times survey which is public. It's on their website. When asked the customers which microcontroller do you expect to use for your next embedded design on 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit, 8 and 16, we were number one. And 32-bit, if you combine ours and Atmel and two or three different lines, we're number one tied again over there too. So that you can track. We have multiple growth drivers as we quarter-after-quarter talk to you about growth of our microcontroller business, growth of licensing business, growth of analog business. We don't break out our wireless business, wired and wired connectivity. A lot of that is embedded into the analog business. We have tremendous growth going on in our security business as people in IoT are looking for security for transactions, security of being able to connect to the device. We have number of key assets in that area. Automotive business is doing very well in networking, in HMI, in access control, lighting, body electronics. You can see some of that through our press release, continuous flow of press release we are having with most of us and other. So, I think it's complex tracking, but it's all there.
Steve Sanghi: So you talked about a seasonally softer December quarter in which we could build some inventory. I think what's more likely is that we are able to catch up on some of the delinquencies and unsupported product leading to better than seasonal December, but not building inventories, because you can't build inventory before you have given the product to the customer to meet their demand. So it's more likely that we will reduce the unsupported amount of product than building inventory. So that's what it looks like right now.
Steve Sanghi: So we're not commenting on any breakout of growth on Atmel products versus our growth. In some cases, a product can even be substituted and like we said from the very beginning, we manage it as one company and give the customer the best solution, where we have product available or can meet its needs, in some cases, switch from one to other. If the product is not available in one category, make it available in the other category. So I think individually commenting on where the growth is coming from is really not meaningful at this point in time.
Steve Sanghi: So that's a good question, and let me take a shot at answering it. So Microchip 2.0 is not an event where I flipped a switch today. Microchip 2.0 has been in formation for about five years, and which you yourself said in when we acquired SMSC, we got USB technology, we got Ethernet technology, we got audio technology. When we bought Micrel, we got a number of great analog assets. When we bought Atmel, we got some Wi-Fi assets, we got some security assets and Atmel's large microcontroller portfolio. As you go to the customers, there was largely one product per board. Atmel sold the microcontroller. There was no Microchip analog or anything else present around it, because we were the enemies, so it will be anybody else's product but Microchip's. And in the last year, on all the internal reference designs, development tools, sales brochures, and sales training and all that, it's now full with Microchip's analog and power management and Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Ethernet, USB, timing products and all that kinds of stuff. So, this has been a thing in building and we are really just packaging it for you now and saying we are seeing it working, and it took some time to train the apps engineers and sales force and get the distribution aligned with what some other companies have done with their distribution also gave us an opportunity. So it's really culmination of all these initiatives coming together, where we can tie a board on and say, hey this looks like a new company to our distributors today and to our salespeople and others and saying I can sell a very broad portfolio today. Take any one company out of it, Atmel, it substantially reduces it. Take Micrel out, reduces it further. Take SMSC out, it reduces it further. So it's a build-up on all these companies. I don't know if that helps you.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I was hoping that SIA announce their June numbers. Usually they always announced it on July 31. This one time I needed it and they did not, and I was going to use that to comment on it. I think they're going to announce later this week, and that would be a read on the industry. l don't really have any comment on the industry.
Steve Sanghi: So I earlier said, the lead times are right now between four weeks and 20 weeks and are stable, not going longer. The normal we consider between 90% of our products to be within four to eight weeks, and we believe it's going to take us at least till June next year to get there.
Steve Sanghi: So the normal inventory for us would be 115 to 120 days. We may have in the past also said 115 to 125 days when we felt we needed a larger band. We haven't changed the targets. We just cannot seem to get there with the strength of the demand. I mean the growth we had last quarter of 7.7%, for the last several years that was a two years of growth, that we did it in one quarter. So we're basically, it's taking everything we got in growing the capacity, building more units, and then shipping it out the door for revenue. And the inventories are very low. Our inventory is seven-year low right now, and we don't see short term being able to build it.
Steve Sanghi: Well, our capacity is being added in small chunks all over the place. You add a furnace here, a handler here, a tester here, a prober here to resolve specific product constraints on specific package types and specific product lines. It's not like we build another $1 billion fab and it takes you from here to there. So the new equipment is arriving every week to two weeks, so it's really more incrementally, serially being added rather than in very, very large chunks to get to some new number. I don't know whether that makes -
Steve Sanghi: Yeah, there is no capacity, there's no risk here of all this capacity then somehow sits idle. Because as soon as the next tester and handler arrives, there's a rush to put it on the floor, qualify it, characterize it and put it in production. Every diffusion tube, every handler, every (58:36) everything is very quickly going to incrementally produce the product, and help to either, three things, help to either reduce the unsupported product, delinquent product to the customer, that's the first priority. Number two, to then really build a little bit of the inventory so that the lead times will come down. We can never get to the second, because largely, and number three to ship for growth. So shipping for growth is number one, the reducing delinquency is number two and building inventory is number three. We're only able to do number one right now, ship for growth.
Steve Sanghi: So, I happen to have our VP of Sales and Applications, Mitchell Little in the room and I'll give him the unique opportunity to answer that question.
Steve Sanghi: Well like I said, the design win funnel is very, very large. It's almost scary. You never know from a large design-in funnel what is a yield out of that, because customers can always tell you this design is 10 million units, and it turns into a lower amount. We have metrics on that from years of experience what size of the funnel can yield to what kind of growth, so what is the yield out of the funnel. But with the Microchip 2.0, as some of the input variables are changing, a lot of attach, a lot of ancillary designs around our micro, the whole integration of Atmel, attaching our products to Atmel's microcontroller, I think the yield out of that funnel is a bit less predictable. If the yield is the same as it was before, it's scaringly large, but it's possible that it is a little bit new and therefore the yield could be slightly different. But it's enough good to be very optimistic about what I'm telling you and it's based on data and information. It's not a pipe dream.
Steve Sanghi: So, it was not a big deal. We published the letter on April 4. For some strange reason, investors didn't catch on to it for two weeks. We thought you guys get that in a nanosecond. But we published the letter on the web on April 4. So, I commented on that in our May press release, in the May conference call. We basically did not see any impact. The bookings were extremely strong in the March quarter and after publishing the letter the bookings did not really get any stronger. The activity that usually takes place is, all of our worldwide sales force takes the letter to our customers and to our distributors and distributors start working with customers to understand their longer-term needs and saying lead times are going longer, so don't only tell me what you need it for this quarter, also tell me what you need for next quarter. Start looking at major products and new designs that may have a substantial ramp coming up, and that information then through distributors and our own people, customer by customer start flowing in into building a demand forecast, and is a more accurate reflection of what we should be building and what we should be planning. And what it results is, and some of it comes into backlog and what it results into is, it increases our ability to build the product in a better mix. Remember, a large amount of product that we start wafers on, we start wafers on and forecast not always having a backlog today. We start on a forecast and by the time the wafers go through fab, assembly, test, then the backlog will come in on that product to ship it. So, any time you start on a forecast like that, you always have a level of out-of-mix situation where we built a little too much of this, a little too little of that, and the little too much then ships in the following quarter. But it results into some lost sales, because you didn't have the right product. The effect of the letter is really giving us a broader understanding of customers' needs in more exact mix, resulting into an outstanding execution in the correct mix. And its results you saw in the quarter with a very strong growth and continuing strong growth in the coming quarters.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we want to thank all the investors and analysts for attending the call and we'll see some of you during the quarter as we get back out on the investor circuit or conferences in September. So, thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: We also have some examples in some of the investor conference presentations and again if you go back to Steve's presentation from back in early June, you'll see some examples of what exactly total system solution means.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, yeah, this is not really related to artificial intelligence. This is in embedded applications, there is a set of applications where people want the richness of the human interface to include graphics that have more capability. Those have historically been done with separate processors that did the microcontroller or microprocessor and the graphics on a separate chip. We are now putting those together, creating more complete solutions where the microcontroller, the graphics and the DRAM that's required are all on the same chip and in the same package. So, it's an extension of continuing to have high performance microcontrollers, opening up new embedded control spaces.
Ganesh Moorthy: No, we don't break out the growth rate of specific microcontroller segments. It works as a collective portfolio. It's very, very strong with a combined portfolio of classic Microchip and Atmel combined. And I think it's winning designs because we've infused energy into the Atmel designs and our historical products have always had strong momentum behind them. But outside of that, we don't have any additional color.
J. Eric Bjornholt: The second question he asked was does the change in your view on organic growth change the M&A strategy.
J. Eric Bjornholt: All right, and John, I think the last piece of your question was market share. I'd like you to repeat that question to make sure we answer it specifically.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So, we're ramping all six of our facilities. Three are front end wafer fabs and our three back-end facilities, investing significant capital and those investments increase the utilization in the facilities, make us more cost effective, make the cost per unit go lower. And so, there's a lot of things happening across the board. There's a lot happening in back-end manufacturing which we've talked about more extensively where the lot of the capital dollars are going. And as those come to fruition, the gross margin is going to improve. This last quarter, we continued to see benefits from the Micrel shutdown and most of that is in the model at this point in time, but there's still a little bit of that to go. But the main things are really the capacity improvements pricing as Steve has talked about publically, continues to be a driver of gross margin and we think that's going to continue as better practices happen throughout the industry.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So channel inventory, we can't really manage other than the fact of delivering the product that the distributors want. So that's a little bit tougher, but it is on the low end of what we've seen historically. Our own inventory, we've been trying to build inventory on the balance sheet for the last three quarters and just haven't been able to do so with the upsides in demand that we've experienced. So this quarter we expect to not build inventory again. The lead time commentary that Steve talked about getting healthy by the middle of calendar 2018, I think that's probably at the point when inventories might return to a more normalized level. But it's very hard to predict what the demand environment is going to be.
