Steve Sanghi: Well, again, the question circles around sort of a book-to-bill ratio in terms and all that. And if you go back last year when the lead times were longer and are current lead times are, by the way, four to six weeks on majority of our products. So when the lead times were longer, you're not only getting the backlog for the current quarter, you're getting backlog for almost the entire next quarter because if the lead times are much longer, people have to put their orders and get the space in line. As the lead times have come in, the entire impact that we have seen is we're no longer getting orders for four months, five months, six months out. But the current backlog is very healthy compared to the prior quarter. And we're getting the appropriate amount of turns needed, which are quite strong. Turns are quite strong because parts availability is there and people need the parts and they didn't need to place the orders ahead of time. So when you kind of look at all that, the quarter seems quite normal.
Steve Sanghi: So 32-bit microcontrollers were introduced 10 quarters ago, 2 1/2 years. So if I start from the first quarter of 16-bit and line it up against the first quarter of 32-bit, after 10 quarters, 32-bit is running exactly where 16-bit did.
Steve Sanghi: Gross margin is within a smaller distance of a really longer-term guidance of 61%, plus, minus -- 61% to 62%, so it's not like it's a huge distance away, it's 150 basis points or so away. So there are lots of small, small drivers, but really no single driver. Obviously, we are ramping up facilities to provide for growth. After the current quarter, we have two very strong back-to-back quarters coming up, June and September, which are seasonally very strong quarters for Microchip and we expect them again this year. So currently, we are ramping all of our facilities, both the assembly and test. We are continuing to improve the gross margin of SuperFlash memory division, which has improved dramatically. Quite dramatically, we don't break it out. But quite dramatically, since we bought it and it was up again last quarter and will be up again this quarter. The licensing business is doing very well, which is overall accretive to gross margin. And just lots of normal things, the depreciation rolling off, higher absorption, some strengths[ph] , price management and all these other functions that are incrementally accreting to gross margin every quarter.
Steve Sanghi: Our longer-term guidance still have been about 25% to 26% -- 24% to 26%. So, kind of wider gap. The reason that the expenses are on the lower end of the target is because of just the dramatic growth, achieving 64% growth in the year. You couldn’t add expenses if you wanted to. So we are well funded, all the divisions, all the product lines are really very well staffed. And we're adding people rapidly to further invest into strategic product lines. So as growth happens and as these additional people come on board, I think it will kind of track. But overall, we're in the low end of the overall percentage of revenue and expenses. And over time, it will migrate towards the middle. And I don't know the timeframe because that largely will depend on the growth.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we don't have a fiscal year '12 capital number for you today. We are putting together fiscal year '12 plan internally in the company as we speak. We have a full calendar that's starting with the product lines and revenue assumptions and then going through the capacity and the capital needed to provide that and then the expenses and all that. So we don't have the fiscal year '12, fiscal year comments for you today. In terms of purchasing and depreciation that will impact our decisions.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, it's absolutely a strategic area of growth. The licensing stream varies over a period of time. So when you sign a license, it usually means nothing immediately. We usually have some payments that come to us over step payments as the technology is implemented, then as the customer's revenue ramp and there's royalty stream. So it's kind of like builds up over some time one, two, three, four years and several of these licenses are going really all together in parallel. So over time, the business grows. We currently don't see, really, any issues in being able to continue to grow the business. The licensing business did record in September quarter, did record again in December quarter and we're fairly confident that it will do record again in the current March quarter.
Steve Sanghi: We are in the Lunar New Year right now as we speak. And the people return to work, I think, around the 8th of February. So usually when the Lunar New Year falls early, like it is falling this year, it's actually very good because people come back after that, and you still have the rest of the quarter left with strong orders and filling the pipeline and all that. Sometimes Lunar New Year falls very late. It has fallen as late as early March, or even late February, and when that happens, it gets a little more tricky. And you have to get all the orders before people leave for the Lunar New Year, and because you don't have enough time to build it in the right mix after that. So this time, the Lunar New Year is early. So I think it should really work out very good.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the book-to-bill ratio we report is the bookings we get in the quarter for shipment over the following one year divided by the billings or the revenue in the current quarter. So I don't know how everybody else does it, but I think it's reasonably standard that you take all the bookings you get in the quarter, which are shippable sometime over the next year and divid it by the billings of the current quarter. So when the lead times are long, you're getting large amount of bookings for the second and third quarter out in time and you're dividing it by the current quarter's revenue. So book-to-bill ratio is unreasonably large like it was 1.41 and 1.36. Now in that kind of environment, your backlog is filled up for the current quarter because you don't have enough lead time to ship it to the current quarter. So most of the bookings are getting out there in time. Now when the business environment transitions and you have much shorter lead time, then all the outer bookings dry up because people have plenty of time to place those orders. So you're not getting all those outer bookings. And if the current quarter backlog is quite healthy, which it is in the transition because you're coming from a fairly strong backlog, then you're dividing small number of bookings largely from the current quarter divided by the full revenue. And then the equation reverses, you have a very low book-to-bill ratio.
Steve Sanghi: The backlog on 16 and 32-bit looks very healthy so we should have a outstanding quarter again in March.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's a semiconductor industry. There are constant challenges. In the last year, we have absorbed the price of gold, copper and all the materials going up, fuel charges, energy costs, gas and other. While at the same time, you have yield improvements, you have absorption, you have depreciation falling off, you have value added in new products, and for certain features, and others you can manage ASP in. That's basically the semiconductor business. And all those things average out, but would we like lower gold price, would we like lower material prices? Yes, but those are not the things we can control. So we a have very, very strong cost reduction effort, which keeps up with these things and still produce a gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: What I've learned is that whatever I say, it's not going to be believed. So I decided not to say anything.
Steve Sanghi: You may promise to believe, but there's just constant reports, which tell us that we're going to underperform. And we have constantly beaten those expectations. So there's really no point in continuously belaboring 2012 forecast. We'll just deliver the results.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think if you go back in history, we always said that we were going to rapidly grow the dividend, Get to a very healthy level. And then from there, just grow it on a very, very slow basis. Not double, triple it quickly, but grow it rapidly, which we did in the earlier years. And then just slightly continue to grow, which we are doing right now by $0.001 a share every quarter. Now as far as the use of cash is concerned, there are the normal use of cash. There are -- there's dividend, there's acquisitions and they're a normal use in our business. As I earlier said, our business is very well funded, and we are generating huge cash from operations every quarter. So investment in our business is not using up cash, actually, it's generating additional cash; which leaves a build up of the cash, slow dividend increase and essentially opportunistic acquisitions like the great acquisition we did with SST. Meanwhile, the cash will continue to grow. Going significantly past the current dividend level doesn't buy a whole lot. Our dividend is the highest in the semiconductor industry. I believe there's only one company, TSMC, which is not quite an IDM, which may have a higher percentage dividend. I haven't compared recently, but I think they were. But compared to anybody else, we have the highest dividend. So just continue to grow that, we don't believe is right thing to do.
Steve Sanghi: This is not any different than historical use of microcontrollers in the cellphone where we did not focus on versus everywhere else. And you could have asked that question 10 years ago, that you're not in cellphones with all that higher volume, our competitors and others who were largely dominated the cellphone will get an advantage or whatever than they would really have it in any other market. It really hasn't changed that way. These cellphones are unpredictable, short life cycle, lower gross margin, and always, always get packaged into ASIC. The first couple of models is not, but maybe the second design, ASIC will take that it in, and it will not be in micro. Versus the places where we are in. Industrial, automotive, consumer, we probably have over 500 customers in production today in all sorts of applications. The margins are significantly higher, the design -- the lifetime of the design is much longer. They're not ready to get packaged and the next designed into an ASIC. So there are all these advantages that we like. But to do a given volume, we have to serve 10x, 15x, 20x more customers. It's like getting $20 million business at one customer versus getting $20 million business at 100 customers. We excel at serving 100 customers. That's where we make the margin. That's our business model, always has been.
Steve Sanghi: But the majority of a large portion of our revenue today is in capacitive touch sense. We have it in resistive also, but we are very competitive technology on capacitive touch sense. And I think I said that before. I think that two of our competitors always win the cellphone and we win everything else, pretty much. It's easy to get numbers on tablets and numbers on cellphones and smartphones and screen touch and all that. That's very easy to analyze because you can get easily the numbers. If you don't get the numbers on touch sense, on everywhere else, on postage meters, and thermostats, and DVDs, and TVs and push-button, which have touch phones and all that. We've got all that. It's in production in high-volume and lots of lots of places. We're making huge revenue. But it's harder to analyze, harder to get numbers and we like that. That's why we're successful --
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think we fundamentally do not believe in the strategy of continuously buying shares at all levels. And just trying to dollar cost average into something like that. I've said that on this conference call before that I personally own stocks of lots of other technology companies that have bought billions and billions of dollars of stock, large technology companies over 10 years having no effect on the stock. So Microchip does stock buyback very opportunistically when we believe the stock is undervalued and the Street has thrown the baby out with the bathwater, which seem to happen more often than we would like. In 2008 in the middle of the crisis, the stock was $16 and people were calling it to $12. So that was the last time we bought stock. And you can see where the stock is today, and that was a great return in our investment.
Steve Sanghi: The Microchip sales team does not sell licensing. There's a firewall around the licensing business. This doesn't need a broad distributor and channel sales force because we largely go sell it to the foundries, we sell it to the IDMs and design services companies. And these are not the kind of people our salespeople call on. Our sales people call on original equipment manufacturers, trying to sell our microcontrollers and Analog products. And our sales force should not be going and selling to our competitors, our technology. So the sales force for Licensing business is totally separate. It's firewall. It's not a very large sales force. It doesn't need a very large sales force because you're dealing with a handful of licensees at any one point in time. So it's strictly firewall. It's totally separate. And the rest of the SST business, the RF business, the SuperFlash Memory business is integrated. And our sales force is trained in selling those products today.
Steve Sanghi: We had a record attendance in our MASTERs conferences; in Scottsdale, which was in August, in India, which was last year, in China. We also did one in Brazil. So the attendance is record attendance everywhere. And obviously, it's driven by good prospect, great products, lots of new products in 8, 16, 32, analogs. So people come to learn what they don't know, and we have a lot to offer, usually, that drives the attendance as much as the economy.
Steve Sanghi: We're not making them exclusively in the foundries nor are we making it exclusively inside. It's a hybrid today. It's product by product. And some products may have characteristics or memory size or performance requirement that we may not have inside and others we can do inside. So all of the 16 and 32 business is neither inside nor outside.
Steve Sanghi: So in December quarter, what was very strong was Europe. It's usually a seasonally very week quarter for Europe because of the holidays. Their Christmas holidays is longer than anywhere else in the world. But Europe had strong economy, driven by Germany and we did very, very well in Europe. Everywhere else was kind of normal. Europe was the exception.
Steve Sanghi: So based on the numbers that we see, we believe last year we gained market share in 8, 16, 32 and Analog, in all of our strategic product lines. Our 8-bit microcontroller did all-time record sales in September quarter, was down very marginally in the last quarter, December quarter like the others were. And now when the numbers come out, 2010 numbers will confirm that, but the level of growth we had in 2010 was incredible on 8-bit.
Steve Sanghi: Thank you. So we'll see some of you at the Thomas Weisel Conference, which we're going to be presenting on the 10th of February, I believe. And so we'll see some of you on the road again in various non-deal roadshows we'll be conducting this quarter and next. So thank you very much. Bye bye.
Ganesh Moorthy: I don't think there was anything abnormal as we've gone through the quarter. And I think a normal December quarter has a slower finish, as we go into December has the strongest start comparatively in October and it performed exactly to that.
Ganesh Moorthy: You've seen some of the momentum that our product lines have been building. In addition to a core 8-bit business that has been growing, we have a much faster growing 16-, 32-bit and Analog product lines. And we've seen the design momentum that we have on those products. As we go into our seasonally strong June and September quarters, we expect will contribute strong growth. We're not really market-segment centric many of these things. We have designs that are in many, many different applications in markets. We don't rely on any one market or any one application to drive the growth.
Ganesh Moorthy: We don't track it that way. I think maybe to answer your question, we have strong backlog for this quarter. We see the turns coming in at the rate that we need to hit the guidance we have given you, and that's why we have the guidance we have.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a result of an accumulation of designs that we have been harvesting for some time. When we reported for the September quarter, I said, "Hey, we have, in a smaller business, more lumpy revenue that comes along." We have no concerns at all about what happened in the September quarter. And we as we expected, the designs continue to grow the customers who may have taken a pause in September came back in for growth in December. And overall, it's growing across -- we have over 500 customers now involved in production on the 32-bit. So it is growing across a broadening base of customers, which in time will make it a more predictable business in terms of quarter-over-quarter sequential growth.
Ganesh Moorthy: So there are -- the touch sensors market has a broad set of applications where that feature is required. Where Microchip has chosen to focus is in all of the broad kinds of applications that are not in cellphones and not in tablets. So in embedded markets, across the types of markets where our microcontrollers get used, touch sensors are being added. And in many of those applications, we have the exact solution that they need, and we are growing much faster than anybody else in those applications. However, we don't believe that the long-term characteristics in the cellphone business is necessarily one that creates a sustainable and predictable business result. And so we have chosen not to be in those areas, but we're doing very well in all the other applications that we touch.
Ganesh Moorthy: There are no particular vertical markets that we either focus on or that are necessarily driving that growth. It's a pretty broad-based growth. If you look at customers wise, there's over 500 customers on the 32-bit. There's over 3,300 on the 16-bit. And these are volume customers. And typically, when you have volume customers at a certain level, there's about 2x to 3x that many that are customers in the incubation stage of developing new designs. So when you have such a broad suite of customers, there's no single application or market that drives the growth. That's the way we like it, by the way.
Ganesh Moorthy: We're not aware of any particular advantage that they have that is giving them scale. Obviously, there are markets that have certain characteristics that we like. Our products work extremely well in the markets that we are going after and for the applications that we're going after. There are no technical challenges that we're seeing. It's just work to go support a large group of customers and to build a productive business that we find sustainable and profitable.
J. Bjornholt: There's nothing on the accounting side that's going to change how we think about investing, Terence. We're going to continue to invest as we see appropriate in business.
J. Bjornholt: Very similar, there may be small percentage here and there that change. But in general, the profile is very similar.
J. Bjornholt: I think, we have -- for the longest time, new customers are an integral part of our sales process. So even when we had 8, there was an upper end of 8-bit that was new; when we had 16, when we had 32. So we're constantly going after new customers and learning in the process what we may not have that we need improve on. But the 32-bit in particular, if you remember from the days when we were just in 16-bit, we used to report that we played and we were winning against other 32-bit competitors. So we've been in the market and we've seen the customer requirements from the days when we were just with 16-bits only. We continue to evolve our tools, our software, our product capabilities, application notes, our technical support, the whole field sales force augmentation that we did. So for a number of years, things we did to retool our capability to be successful in 16-bit, are now paying off not just for 16-bit but also for 32-bit.
