Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So firstly, there is no pricing that is driving the changes. It's all volume. The weakness is very broad-based across the different geographies, across the different end markets, with perhaps the one end market which continues to have reasonable resilience is aerospace and defense, as you might expect. But it's extremely broad-based at this point.
Ganesh Moorthy: So first of all, inside of 90 days, any orders that a customer has are cancelable. So that's our just standard tires. And then there are the longer-term non-cancelable orders that we have worked and we don't really work on cancellations there as much as rescheduling and pushing out where that backlog would be. A lot of the backlog that has been placed over the last many quarters were based on very long lead times and the conditions for the market for many of our customers have changed over that time. And so what they believe their businesses are going to do and what their businesses are doing today are a little bit different from when they place those orders. And that's where they're making adjustments to what they require. And if their run rates come down, then whatever units they have in inventory or they have placed on us are at a higher run rate than they really need. And that's what reflects some of the correction you're seeing to bring our shipments and the customer's inventory more on the line.
Ganesh Moorthy: Every cycle is different. I don't know about the year-over-year decline necessarily. But when you look at historically how cycles have played out. Typically, there's a 2-quarter, 3-quarter period of time over which the digestion of that inventory takes place. And upon that being completed, the consumption which is normally ahead of the shipments catch it back up and that's how the cycle gets reborn in what we have seen.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think in any given quarter, as revenue declines, the operating margin had a very large change in revenue. It's not -- you can't draw a line and say, it will never fall below this line. We look at our operating margins on a trailing 12-month basis. That's what we've always had in terms of the data we've presented, the truck numbers that we have put out there. And we don't know exactly what the magnitude of what might take place in March is. But we're confident that if you look at a 4-quarter rolling or trailing 12 months, we will still be at that 40% trough as where we see it going.
Ganesh Moorthy: So this is not the first quarter in which we have been doing that. We have mentioned that at prior calls as well. When customers are trying to place orders further out in time, they do the best they can and that conditions change. We will have discussions with them to see what we can do to help and what they can do to help us in terms of what future business is and any business relationship that's give and take. And of course, we have done a significant amount of push-outs to help them out.
Ganesh Moorthy: Like the history is all over the place. And so it's unclear for us to be able to give you -- and especially when we have low visibility into the March quarter and we have a fair amount of turns to take in the March quarter itself. The business hasn't gone away. The customers haven't gone away. The designs haven't gone away. So we know they're all there. It's now a matter of where is the macro telling our customers what their bills should be, where is their inventory at and where they will be building to as they go into the March and June quarters for themselves. But at 17.5% in the December quarter, I think this is probably one of the larger declines historically from Microchip than the first quarter of the global financial crisis. So you can see there's a pretty big chunk that is taking place here in the December quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: I would say if the revenue was back at the levels that we can a, I see no reason why our gross margin would be back to the levels that we are at.
Ganesh Moorthy: Hard question to come up with because our customer demand has also shifted over the last 6 months or so as they are trying to figure out where is the macro going and what is their real demand. And so I don't know if there's a clear number we could give you that says, this is what is consumption. But as we go through this correction, we believe we will be shipping under consumption but to what extent, I can't tell you.
Ganesh Moorthy: What I would add to it is ramping a fab after you take it down drastically, it takes time to get people hired, train, get the equipment and the remaining process work to be done takes time. So as we saw in 2021 and 2022, we put the foot on the accelerator but it took time to get the ramps going. So I think you want to be careful as you make some of those changes. And we are making small changes to get them to where we want to be. But because we have the good fortune of products with extremely long life cycles and all of the inventory is in good shape. And in fact, all that inventory allows us to do 2 great things. One, respond quickly when the business changes. And we know when it changes, it will change faster than we expect on the upside. And second, push the capital that is required to be deployed in order to generate those products further out in time. So I think it is a good asset utilization in terms of being able to be careful with how we take capacity down.
Ganesh Moorthy: The pricing on our product line which are long design cycles, very sticky product lines. In past cycles, there's never been something that rolled over, nor are we thrown to trying to use price as a way to leverage any short-term demand change because it doesn't help in where we're going. So our cycles of experience with how we have handled other cycles for pricing, plus where we are and how we're navigating this cycle. We don't feel price is a place where change is expected to happen.
Ganesh Moorthy: Well, there's so little visibility that we can apply to any kind of intelligent answer at this point in time. We need to get further down the time to see how next quarter takes shape. And we're guiding to just one quarter -- the December quarter at this point in time. We've given you some directionally where our sense is for the March quarter but in terms of the magnitude, there's nothing that we can provide at this point that would be helpful.
Ganesh Moorthy: So you're right. PSP had a time when it was far more important for customers to be enrolled and to be taking advantage of that priority. As cycle times come down, there are fewer PSP orders that are needed for any customers. It's not that it's gone away. It's still there in a reasonable amount but it's typically the customers who are very long cycle in their design and very high value in their end products. Because quite honestly, there are many parts of the market that are concerned about what happens on the flip side of the cycle, whatever that is in the second half of '24, etcetera. So it's a customer choice. No customer has to use PSP unless they believe it provides them a tool. And we made adjustments to the program to give them more flexibility, have shorter amount of window of time, etcetera. And we'll continue to evolve the program. And if there's use for it, customers will take advantage of it. And if they want, if there isn't, then they won't.
Ganesh Moorthy: No, because a lot of our customers can be in multiple geographies can be headquartered in the U.S. but manufacturing in a different geography. And so the intensity or the requirements for push out and help is -- has no geographic signal that would be different.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the proportion of what goes into China for China of a broad-based product line, I would say it's probably under 5-ish percent or in that range. I don't have an exact number, so don't hold me to that. The difference is that, this is not new that we have competition in China. The business is extremely fragmented. There's hundreds thousands customers and applications that are there. And so even previously, we would have had some designs where somebody didn't care about quality or didn't care about something else and said I'm just going to use this. And that's not unusual in where it happened. So it is something we are paying attention to but not something which is creating a dramatic change in the business itself.
Ganesh Moorthy: So let me start and then Eric might want to chime in here as well. So firstly, new bookings are not the place where people are trying to push things out, because if they are new bookings within the last 3 to 6 months of time, those are with much more informed sense for demand, supply market, etcetera. A lot of the pushout requests for backlog that was placed 9, 12 or longer months where, as time has gone on, the need as they perceive this when they place the orders and the need as they see it today when they are facing the reality of what the markets have changed to, are different. So new bookings actually are in far better shape just because they are much more informed about current market conditions.
Ganesh Moorthy: And they have a benefit today of knowing that supply is readily available, that lead times are short and they are taking advantage of that which would make sense.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's a question we ask ourself all the time. But I think you also have to look at not 12 months as a stand-alone piece of information, right? It is what were the lead times. So even if -- when lead times are 52 weeks, you really can't offer somebody something inside of that because there isn't -- all the capacity within that window is already consumed. So like all programs, they have to be designed with a sense of the information at a given point in time and they have to evolve as that information changes. And so even on PSP, right, it used to be 12 months. Today, 6 months. We made that change several months ago. The flexibilities, etcetera, around or have changed. And each program is designed to create a customer solution. And that solution has to be sensitive to what problem we're trying to solve at a given point in time. PSP was a fantastic program for '21 and '22 and parts of '23 when there was very long lead times, then the customers who participated got the most benefit from there. Today, it has less value when cycle -- when lead times come down dramatically and for other than a small set of customers, it is not as important to provide that much visibility.
Ganesh Moorthy: And of course, we have the headroom and what's the approved buyback. There's over $2 billion of headroom available there and we have the headroom in our line of credit.
Ganesh Moorthy: I would add that in steady state is where the 130 to 150 is where we want to be. If you look back at the last cycle, I think we were down like 108, 109 days and -- that was what it was in the place where demand was so high was depleting our inventory. Today, we're at 167, 10 days of that are really last time buys. So you take that out, we're around 157. So we're not dramatically outside of the steady-state range that we would need to be.
Ganesh Moorthy: So firstly, we don't -- at our distributors, we have view into the inventory we have. At our customers, we use their requests for pushouts and all that as a proxy for understanding it. But customers have many business units, many product lines and they could be and certain product lines wanting to push out and other ones, they want to pull in. So it's all over the place. And there was a second part of your question.
Ganesh Moorthy: All the purchasing managers are going to ask for a lower price in an environment that is softer. But these are products where the price elasticity isn't there where somehow if we put a lower price, we get more different this quarter or next quarter, etcetera. These are long design cycles. Prices have stepped 18, 24 or 36 [indiscernible] was at the point of designing and we will be competitive at the point where we do the design business. Business itself in the short term is not affected by the pricing.
Ganesh Moorthy: And China has continued to be weak. We have not seen the level of improvement we expected out of China and there's plenty of news information about what's happening from an economy standpoint here.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I think on data center, I think the last breakout there was about 17% or so in that range. But there are many subsegments that go into it. We clearly have a tailwind on anything and everything that goes into the artificial intelligence and the generative AI space, etcetera. But in terms of the volume that, that drives and the dollars that it drives, while it is meaningful, it's not big enough to offset some of the other weakness we have in other parts of data set.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think different customers have different levels of strategic versus tactical thinking. Last night, I have been with the CEO of one of our largest customers and extremely thoughtful about not just the next one quarter but about the next 3, 4 years of time and how they want to plan for it. I've also had similar discussions with people who were for 2 or 3 years suffering for with lack of product and all of a sudden they've forgotten about all the things that they need to be able to do. So it's all over the place and it really depends on what the pressure they're under. But for the most part, what we see is our customers or our customers' customers in many cases, who are people who build many of the high-value systems are much more thoughtful about how a small piece of the bill of material is not where they need to be able to make a saving, while they have substantial value that they're trying to create at the overall system. So there's no single answer because we serve 100,000 customers. It's all over the place. But without a doubt, short lead times are giving them more flexibility in terms of what are they trying to place on us and how much time do they need to give us in many cases.
Ganesh Moorthy: If I can add to the distributor business over time has also changed. They do the warehousing services for many OEMs, where they actually carry in pipeline inventory for them. So they have programs that are not the traditional distribution where they are carrying the product and the turns rate is not the same when they are pipelining for very large OEMs. So inventory, as Eric said, something that each distributor has a model for what they're trying to accomplish and what they want and what they need is where they end up at.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. I want to thank everybody for participating in the call today. And we do have many events that we will be at during the course of this quarter and we look forward to talking to you more at those events. Thank you.
Eric Bjornholt: Okay. So on utilization, we have left the wafer fabs kind of reduced from where they were at the peak when they were running just full out and that has dropped modestly. We're still not in a situation where we are taking underutilization charges and that's not anticipated in the gross margin guidance that we've provided but they are running at lower levels and not as efficiently. On the assembly and test side, we definitely have reduced the activities in assembly and tests. We'd rather build the product through Dibang [ph] through the wafer fab and then have it ready when orders come in to be able to turn it quite quickly with short lead times to the assembly and test process. So the assembly and test is more kind of in line with where consumption is. We actually reduced finished goods last quarter and we'll continue to be very focused on that.
Eric Bjornholt: I guess I would add to that is what investors and analysts have seen from Microchip over time when we face these cycles is we are pretty nimble and we adjust our business appropriately to the environment, whether that's on the expense side or if we need to do something with utilization. And right now, we're continuing to run the factories at a pretty high level but lower than they were before. And OpEx, we have some weathers that we can pull depending on what business environment we're going to be facing in March and beyond.
Eric Bjornholt: So in terms of timing, some of that's going to be based on what the distributors want to take in terms of inventory. And then obviously, what the end market consumption is going to be. So it's hard to forecast. Our distributors are tasked with having the right level of inventory in place to support their customers and we will work with them to achieve that level. And just like customers, some distributors need inventory and some distributors are over inventory that are going to work through that and it takes some time. So don't have a specific way to answer your question but I imagine over the next couple of quarters that distribution inventory will get more rightsized to whatever the distributors think is the best place for them to be.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, I would say that we still have more backlog on our books in total than what would be typical for us but lead times down.
Eric Bjornholt: So we have more flexibility in our OpEx compared to what we've guided the current quarter for. We are not ready to size that for the Street at this point in time. But as I said before, you guys have seen us work through cycles before. And if the cycle gives us something that's extreme to work with, we will take more measures in our business. That is not what we're hoping that we need to do but we do have levers that we can pull that we've pulled historically that if we're faced with a more difficult environment than we anticipate, OpEx can come down from what you're seeing here in our guidance for the current quarter.
Eric Bjornholt: I'll start and Ganesh and/or Steve can add to this. But again, our products have very, very long life cycles. If we were to cut utilization in the factories significantly, there is a large portion of the cost that you can't take out because of the very heavy fixed cost environment. And so the balance does it make sense to build the inventory, have that higher inventory, have it available to support your customers when the business environment turns positive which it will. And that's kind of how we're managing it right now. Now, you can obviously get to a point where that inventory is too high and it doesn't make sense and we don't think that we're in that position today but we have let fab utilization fall from where it was and we'll continue to monitor it on a really a weekly, monthly basis and make decisions as we go.
Eric Bjornholt: Right. Well, I guess what I would add to that is those new bookings have been pretty modest that have been coming in, right? So bookings have been lower. We don't break out a book-to-bill but bookings have been low. And the bottom line is, I think it's very difficult for customers to know what they need, particularly with those orders as Ganesh was saying they were placed 9 or 12 months ago. But we have had certain instances where customers have actually asked for a pushout and then the next month, they're coming back to us and asking for us to pull it in. So I think it's just a very uncertain environment at the customer level and obviously, that causes some churn on our backlog and the request that we get for push out activity.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. And I've said this to investors time and time again that if we had not had PSP, I am confident that our backlog would have been higher but we wouldn't have known what was good backlog and what was bad backlog and we would have made the wrong decisions in terms of foundry orders that we made, capital equipment that we are putting in place. And so the PSP program was designed in a way where we were trying to service customers in a very long lead time environment where we were capacity constrained and give the customer an option to do that but then have skin in the game also where just not all that risk sell on Microchip. So there's a lot of good things that came with PSP. Obviously, when the cycle changes, customers can feel differently about the backlog that they place than they did when they placed the order but there were a lot of happy customers that we serve us well because of the program.
Eric Bjornholt: I think that's a key point to look at there because if you're looking at your inventory on a backward-looking basis or current quarter type basis and what that drives but you have confidence that 2 quarters, 3 quarters, 4 quarters, 6 quarters, whatever out in time that the business is going to go back and exceed prior highs, you're going to take a different action than if you think the business is in decline mode or in stagnant mode. So those are all the things that we need to evaluate when determining how we're going to run our factories and what's the right position for the inventory. And we've got our position today. And as I've said, we'll continue to evaluate that based on the environment that we see in front of us.
Eric Bjornholt: So our target levels that we said at our Analyst and Investor Day back in November of 2021 was 130 to 150 days. We are obviously above those levels today and there's reasons for that. And I think some of your question I responded to in response to the credit question. So we're not uncomfortable with where the inventory is today, we're going to watch it closely depending on the environment and then it's going to be what the outlook is in terms of are we comfortable continuing to run the fabs at the levels that they're running at today or if we need to do something different. Not at that point today where we're going to do something different. Yes, inventory is above our target levels but I think we're managing it appropriately and we'll continue to do so.
Eric Bjornholt: I'd say that [indiscernible] sell-through was not strong in any geography. So we did not see any significant improvement in distribution sell-through So...
Eric Bjornholt: So we don't really have a target. It's been all over the place historically. It's been as low as 17 days and it's been as high as, I think, is 47 in our history and probably as high as 41 over the last maybe 10, 12 years. So it's a broad range. And ultimately, it's the distributor's decision on the product that they purchase and how they support their customers. And obviously, they need a certain amount of inventory to effectively serve their customer base. And if they don't hold that inventory, the end customer will find another channel buy that product through. So we don't drive it to a certain number of days. I would not be surprised in the current environment that distributors with interest rates where they are, if they try to take their inventory down to some degree. But where that goes to, it's very hard for us to predict.
