Steve Sanghi: Well, the answer is really kind of all of the above that you mentioned. Housing, auto, industrial, they've been all been small markets. You have heard commentary from other manufacturers and ours was similar. We do not track our business for end markets. We are not organized that way. We have a very broad customer base of 80,000-plus customers. So we could just basically say that, generically, those are the stronger end markets today, and our business has really benefited from those exposures.
Steve Sanghi: That's correct. We are planning to make progress in both fronts. It's only been 1 month. We closed the deal on April 1. So in such a short time, we're really not able to provide you further breakdown of really where some of the synergies could come from. There are synergies out of wafer manufacturing, synergies out of assembly and test, synergies out of OpEx overhead, and synergy out of increased sales at the existing new customers by -- we have already seen and evaluated that Supertex products were marketed to a relatively narrower group of customers. And they have a tremendous high-voltage expertise and some of the products have a much broader reach, and we'll win the designs into broad Microchip 80,000-plus customers with many other broad-based products. So it's really all of the above.
Steve Sanghi: We don't break out our guidance by the various product lines. But looking back at it, the March quarter, analog has grown now straight for about 9 quarters. And cumulatively over that period, actually analog growth has been a little higher than microcontrollers. So not every quarter always perfectly falls in its place. And the large number of moving things and seasonality of different business lines, different customers are different. It's somewhat also impacted by the acquired businesses, which have slightly different seasonality than our own like you mentioned. So those were the numbers in March and we don't break it out going forward. The analog business historically is very strong in the first quarter -- fiscal first quarter, so this quarter you should see positive analog results.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think cycle is still on the way up. There are no major cyclical headwinds visible today. You're seeing a strong Europe recovering, all the peripheral countries are doing better. Europe was up -- huge for us in the March quarter. U.S. is doing well, we made record revenue both in U.S. and Europe in the March quarter. And for a -- on a year basis, all geographies were record -- U.S., Europe and Asia. Asia was down in the March quarter, largely because of the Lunar New Year, and Asia would make another record in the June quarter. So I think, geographies are doing well, end markets are doing well, our business is doing well. We're gaining share. The inventories and the channel as well as -- at Microchip are very reasonable. We had 118 days of inventory. We're guiding down inventory by another 7 to 11 days. So I think, things are in reasonably good shape. There will eventually be a cycle, but I don't think it's from the next quarter or 2.
Steve Sanghi: Thank you, Harsh. I'd like to add one other comment there. I think Microchip fights and defends a very, very broad beachhead. And our $2 billion business doesn't tend to be dependent on neither a single vertical market or single stuff like Internet of Things or anything like that. We are in hundreds and hundreds of appliances, thousands of applications. So as a result, any one given thrust [ph] doesn't get as much air time. But if you look at today, the connectivity of thermostats to washing machines to laundry equipment to garage-door openers to security systems, Microchip is providing the backbone, the microcontroller, the analog, the Wi-Fi, the connectivity, the software and everything to connect these things to Internet. So -- and we have a substantial business in that area, but we don't go out there and say we are pure play in Internet because that's neither true, nor is something we would like. Our business is very broad-based.
Steve Sanghi: I guess we're not looking at June. We are not interpreting them to be soft. If you, in fact, take the March to June results for the last 3 years, you will see that the average growth in net sales that we have experienced in the June quarter over the past 3 years is right in line with a 3.5% guidance. And then add Supertex to that, about $16.5 million, and that's really sort of the formation. So it's not really weaker than the prior. The case you're making is, why is it not stronger. I seem to recall that same industrial, auto and consumer were in the play last year also and there were quite strong. Our last June quarter was pretty good, too. So I think, it's been about a year that these end markets have been stronger, it's really not a new thing. In addition, not really any pull-ins, but we beat the March quarter from the original midpoint of guidance of 1.5%, so we're starting with a higher base.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. That's a good question. Our order pattern is very strong. I mean, noticeably the overall total backlog has a steep slope upwards, but the backlog is not aging all in the June quarter. We're getting more longer-term orders somewhat related to just overall strong orders. So the lead times are not short on many of the products. So with the environment being stronger in industrial, auto, consumers and others, pretty broad-based from all geographies. We are seeing customers willing to place orders more out in time than they historically are. Partially because customers have also got to know that June, September are stronger quarters and they have seen in the previous years, when I was writing these letters, then posting them on the web to customers all the time, leading up to this time, asking the customers to place their longer-term backlog and they always saw the orders or the lead time push out and some customers were stranded with very short inventory. This time I didn't write the letter because we were basically getting very strong orders and with a very good outlook in the future. Some of the orders of going all the way into October, November, December. So order patterns are very strong and we should have good visibility, which will stage for a good June and a good September.
Steve Sanghi: So capacity utilization is moving higher. We have increased the wafer starts in our fab, and that's reflected in our guidance where I said the core Microchip or the classic Microchip without Supertex, gross margin midpoint is about 59.7%, which is substantially higher than the March. But we have a slight negative effect of the Supertex integration in the first quarter because their gross margin is lower and by the end of the year or so, we'll get them pretty good. But there's a short-term impact and our capacity utilization is increasing quite a bit in the back-end, all the way from wafer on, in probe and assembly and test. And we're adding substantial new equipment in all stages in fab probe, assembly, test, which is reflected in our $40 million of capital expense budget we have forecasted for the current June quarter.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we pretty much nailed it in that case. I mean, we highlighted significant accretion that we were going to get from various operating expenses, their operating expense was over 40% of sales compared to really what Microchip numbers have been. Their gross margin was a lot lower, and therefore combined together, their operating margin was about 12% in the full year before we bought them. And then now really in the Microchip range, so we've gotten improvement from gross margin, we've gotten improvement from operating expenses and we've gotten also improvement from taking some of their products that they were largely positioning them only in the vertical market, like USB was mainly in the computing market and Internet was mainly in the computing market. And with the Microchip broad customer base, we have been able to take them more broadly into set-top boxes and industrial and appliances and other stuff. So a lot of that has happened. There is still some more accretion to grow by the consolidation of assembly and test into Microchip facilities. I think we're only about half done.
Steve Sanghi: So only about half done and that basically slowed down because the environment recovered very strongly, and we got more busy really ramping the core Microchip stuff, microcontrollers and analog to our probe, assembly and test facilities, which was more important because it was incremental business. And now we have Supertex on our plate, so we're really trying to transfer some of the Supertex assembly and test also to our facilities. So there's a lot on the plate. There is plenty of opportunity to transfer the rest of SMSC, to transfer the Supertex and to keep growing our own business. That's a good thing. There's a lot of opportunity. But we haven't been able to fully complete it because the environment turned strong and we got busy growing our own business.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I'll make some comments and maybe Ganesh can add something to it. I think, the competitor you're mentioning is the one that brought a business from Japan. We are seeing 0 competition from this manufacturer. We never competed with their Japanese business before, and a lot of noise is being made. But there is really not in our customer base, really not seeing it. It's a memory company, it has been, and they bought some microcontroller and analog business, and they do well over time, but more likely, they're going to compete with some of the other Japanese companies like Renesas and Toshiba and others. But we're really not seeing any competition from them, so they have not changed the dynamics of either the microcontroller or the analog business even one iota.
Steve Sanghi: So Renesas is 1 and Freescale is 2. In the Dataquest chart, I think we were #4, and we were $6 million away from #3. And we have come from way behind. So unless you're new to Microchip, I mean, if you look at over 10 years, the company that has gained the most share really would be us.
Steve Sanghi: Now this data just came out yesterday and I've had a chance to analyze it. I didn't dial it in my commentary because it was long, because we combined both quarterly results and the annual results, so I didn't speak about it. But our 32 business -- 32-bit microcontroller, 16-bit as well as 8-bit, they all 3 of them outgrew the industry growth. Our 32-bit microcontroller business blew away the growth of the industry. So -- I think we keep saying that in answer to question after question, though we don't really care about the core. Our customers don't buy the parts because of the core. They buy the parts because they're looking for a microcontroller solution. And in PIC32, it doesn't matter what core it is based on, provides them instead of performance and peripherals and software ecosystem, FAEs and system and support that they require to complete their parts and go to production.
Steve Sanghi: I think, the back-end coming inside, comes a little easier. And they're easier qualifications and all that. They're bringing the front-end up from the required [ph], bringing process technologies. You may or may not have inside, depending on the lithography, it requires much larger capital investment and equipment. So in the case of SMSC, their products were on a much more leading-edge lithographies and we have not brought any of the SMSC in-house on the front-end. There are a few products we can and over time we might, but there we haven't. As far as Supertex is concerned, they were a much more of high-voltage company and their products were not on leading-edge lithographies. They've got a lot of 0.5 micron, 1 micron, 2 micron, even 3 micron products. So much more high-voltage oriented rather than push the lithography [ph]. And so many of the Supertex products are being evaluated for bringing to our fabs and many of them, they will come into our fab. But Supertex, from a revenue standpoint, was a smaller acquisition. I don't think it moves the needle that much inside versus outside. But yes, a lot of their products will. I mean, their inside today, they're in -- they're in their own fab. But it's a smaller 6-inch fab and we're evaluating bringing some of those products through a Microchip 8-inch fab.
Steve Sanghi: Well, but you also, growing on a larger and larger base -- our business now, last year was $1.93 billion. The current quarter guidance puts out at -- puts us at, what, $2.0 billion -- or $2.1 billion, so you're growing on a much, much larger base. I'm really -- I can't really comment on the longer-term growth rate. I think this question has constantly been asked for a decade -- and without answering the question, you could look back and do any kind of analysis and we have beaten the growth rate of the industry over a short-term, long-term or over any horizon in market share gains organically, and in addition with the acquisitions. And we recently -- that's our goal to continue to do so.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. Some of you will see Eric Bjornholt at JPMorgan Conference in Boston. That's the next conference we go to. So thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: If you go back in our history, you'll also see there've been quarters where 16-bit has taken a pause or 32-bit has taken a pause, so over the long run and as you look at our fiscal year over fiscal year, they all look very good. But at any given quarter, we can have a pause for any of the segments.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes, so we're not getting into the business. We've been in it for a long time. So let me kind of paint how the business looks to us. Many, many, many of these devices that are trying to be connected to the Internet are products in which we have designed in our standard microcontrollers and our analog products for many years. The 4 major components that enable our customers to achieve connectivity to the Internet and be part of the Internet of Things are the computing capability, which is all microcontrollers. The analog functionality, which goes hand in hand in many of their systems. The wireless connectivity and the associated software and firmware that goes with it, which establishes the connectivity through different medium. And finally, the ability to get on to the cloud, which is really where we partner with external partners who will bring that capability, so that they're scalable cloud services that are available to these same customers. So a lot of the people who are achieving connectivity of the Internet are the people who we have dealt with for many years, have their designs, and are winning their new designs as they take the next step of getting to Internet connectivity.
Ganesh Moorthy: Well, we don't position our products to be MIPS or ARM or anything else. We position to be PIC32 microcontrollers. So we have our standard microcontroller portfolio of PIC32 products with well over 100 products in the portfolio. Its breadth of solutions available has been growing, contributing to a higher number of opportunities that we can serve. As we told you back in November, we have some of the highest-performance microcontrollers, some of the best code efficiency microcontrollers and a whole software platform that we have called MPLAB Harmony to enable that. And the success is coming from focusing on customers and applications rather than focusing on cores and architectures.
Ganesh Moorthy: We almost don't care. We're not focused on what the core is. We're focused on what our customer needs, what are applications we can focus on, how do we serve it with a PIC32 microcontroller, how do we provide the entire ecosystem to enable that customer to grow. So we're really not fixated on what the core should be and -- nor do we find the key customers we're working with fixated on that. Do we use an ARM core for some of our specialized microcontrollers? Of course. They came that way through the acquisitions we've made. We've left them there because that made sense, not because it was an ARM core, but because it was the most effective way that we can serve those customers. So our whole focus begins and ends with understanding customer needs and positioning and providing solutions that satisfy those needs, cost-effectively and competitively.
Ganesh Moorthy: And if you look at our microcontroller business, it grew 20% plus in the last fiscal year. Take a look at the entire list of microcontroller players and see if you can find anybody, anywhere close to that in the top of the list. And so we are gaining significant share, we have been every year and we move up relentlessly through the charts in each of 8, 16, 32 and in totality for all microcontrollers.
James Eric Bjornholt: Yes, and just point out that analog in the December quarter was an all-time record revenue, so just backing off to slightly from that.
James Eric Bjornholt: Okay, sure, I can answer that. So the vast majority of Microchip's cash is offshore. We have our line of credit that's outstanding, which is about $650 million and we've tapped into that line of credit for our strategic opportunities, specifically the SMSC acquisition in the past and now it will be the Supertex acquisition in the current quarter that we're in. But the vast majority of our cash is offshore. Supertex, we don't expect to really improve the onshore cash generation. It will improve the overall cash generation. But their business profile in terms of how much is offshore versus onshore is similar to what Microchip's is, so it should really maintain that structure.
James Eric Bjornholt: No, there is not another strategy at this point in time. The domestic cash generation that we have, it supports the dividend program, it supports the investments that we need to make in our ongoing business. But the strategic activity for acquisitions -- we'll continue to look at ways to do those things in a cash-effective manner, but each acquisition is different but that's something that is evaluated with each one.
