Steve Sanghi: Thank you, Debbie, and good morning, everyone. During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to our 2 press releases regarding earnings and announcement of the signing of definitive agreement to acquire Standard Microsystems Inc., known as SMSC, as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact Microchip's business and results of operations. In attendance with me today are: Ganesh Moorthy, Microchip's COO; Eric Bjornholt, CFO; and Gordon Parnell, Vice President of Business Development and Investor Relations. We have 2 back-to-back conference calls today. This call is to discuss Microchip's fiscal fourth quarter 2012 and fiscal year '12 financial results and fiscal quarter 1 2013 guidance. Followed by that, we will take investors and analyst questions on our financial performance, outlook and performance of our product lines. During this call, we will not take any questions on the acquisition. Then in one hour, at 9:30 a.m. Eastern standard time, we will have our second call in which we will introduce you to SMSC, explain our rationale for this acquisition and outline the next steps and the timeline. In the second call, we will not take any questions about our earnings. So I will now pass the call to Eric Bjornholt, Microchip's CFO.
Steve Sanghi: Well, bookings were quite strong last quarter around the world by region, including Europe. Europe was actually up the most last quarter, if you see, and the exact number was...
Steve Sanghi: 14.5%. Europe is seasonal in that way. We get most of the growth in Europe in the March quarter and then Europe is seasonally very weak in December quarter and the summer quarter, September and June is kind of so-so. So Europe is very seasonal and we're basically seeing that seasonal trend. And on the top of that, whatever happens in the Eurozone, we certainly will not be immune from that effect, but the business in Europe seems fine right now.
Steve Sanghi: So if you look at history, we have always been able to take this technology and move into the broader market. So when you looked at our touch screen and buttons and sliders and touch focus, you saw how we have built substantial business in appliances, in automotive, in touch panels, in industrial and on and on and those kind of stuff, without really making a very large portion of our business in consumer devices, fast moving, fast life cycles and all that. So similarly, as we acquire these technologies, there's a substantial need for all of these technologies in the broad base of the markets that Microchip serve. and as Microchip continues to get larger and larger and we'll get to talk about the other acquisition in the next hour, there's certainly room for some portion of our business in the high-volume faster markets without really overall disturbing Microchip's margin model. So gesture recognition takes the touch screen experience to the next level. Later on tomorrow, I'm presenting to a communication meeting to Microchip's worldwide employees. And the PC that I'm going to be using, I can wave my head and move the slides forward or backward from a distance. That's the technology I'm going to be using and introducing to our employees, and I will try to do the same thing next time I present to the investors so you can get a feel for that technology.
Steve Sanghi: The microcontroller market has lots of different competitors in 8, 16 and 32. There's a long tail of about 20-plus competitors in each of those markets. There are always few people gaining market share. There's never a single person in any time you compare people, one could look faster growing for a period of time than the others, but there are a handful of 4, 5 people gaining market share in many of these markets. But there's a long tail to take market share from and especially Microchip whose business is spread in 70,000 customers, we often gain market share from the tail. And a lot of the investors and analysts focus sometime, tends to be kind of on the top, Atmel, and TI, and Renesas, and STMicro, they're all doing well. And you could compare them all you like. But if you look at the data year after year after year, when we look at our performance versus the industry average shipments, whether you look at SIA, where we overall gained market share last year from 6.5% to 7.5%, or you look at the Dataquest numbers that Ganesh pointed or you look at the EE Times survey in brand preference, we continue to win in every indicator consistently for 20-plus years, looking back and looking forward. Microcontroller market has always been competitive. People come and go. There's nobody bombing that market, destroying the prices, in microcontrollers it just does not work, it's a designmen kind of business. And anybody fading away, you could just look at the ranking, there are plenty people fading away from the bottom.
Steve Sanghi: In June quarter, Asia should be very strong. It should be the strongest geography, both separately in China and broader Asia.
Steve Sanghi: So as Eric pointed out, our distribution inventory ended the March quarter with a 10-year low. And it's just inevitable that distribution will replenish some of that inventory this quarter and in the coming quarters. So if anybody's concerned about Microchip's internal inventory being high, and last quarter, it was flat, but there was a substantial reduction last quarter in the distribution inventory. And if distribution had not gone down that much, then our inventory would have dropped. So we always look at the total. On total basis, the inventory dropped. So as the distribution refills it, it will drop Microchip's internal inventory and the distribution is fairly positive going forward. So I think that's the trend. I don't know if that answers your question.
Steve Sanghi: Well, so our -- what we call direct OEM backlog, the customers that we shipped to directly and not through distribution was up strongly starting in the quarter for this coming quarter.
Steve Sanghi: Not substantial to report. We don't break it out, but it's not something that pops out. I think we're doing pretty good across the product line.
Steve Sanghi: It's really a combination of factors. It's a handful of moving parts. This continuously -- depreciation is going down with low capital investment. It's continuously mix is becoming richer as memory business is getting smaller as a portion of the overall and microcontrollers and analog licensing have seen more of a growth. It's the die shrinks and all that kind of stuff, general cost reduction in the industry. As the inventory goes down, the factories have a gradual ramp, although we have not increased the factory utilization yet. From December quarter to March quarter, there was some natural improvement because the holidays and all that were not there. And in the June quarter also, the holidays of early January are not there. So there is some improvement in the factory utilization. So a handful of moving parts. We're talking about 100 basis points improvement with 6 factors probably.
Steve Sanghi: The distributors have put the orders on us. So the backlog is much healthier than it was before, and it will continue to strengthen. The bookings are fairly strong, so the backlog is building by the week.
Steve Sanghi: So I think analog business should do very well in June quarter. I do not want to quantify it, but I think we should have a strong performance in the analog in June quarter.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the cyclic part of the recovery is underway. It's been a classic pattern where we call it first, which we called it back in the June timeframe last year. Everybody jumps in claiming to be an internal Microchip problem. A quarter later, warnings come from everybody and the industry joins. And then the speculation begins, when does the cycle end? Microchip's bottom quarter was December. We called that, too, that we end one quarter early, and that is often questioned. And now, it starts to get believed as that becomes a reality and everybody else called their March quarter as a bottom and then June quarter guidance is up. So it's a very classic pattern. And I think over the next couple of quarters, you should see a number of companies, at least the good companies, making new highs in terms of record revenues, taking out acquisitions and all the economic activities. So I think the pattern is pretty much intact.
Steve Sanghi: I think our bookings are really strong across the board right now. So -- and it's region by region, so I'd be guessing if I answer that right now.
Steve Sanghi: I think -- let me answer that instead of Eric. If you look at our OpEx, it's near the industry best. The industry spends several hundred basis points more than we do on an average basis, we'll be in the top 3, 4 companies, the top echelon. So we have seen a lot of opportunities in the market with these acquisitions and other internal programs, and people get awfully excited about trying to get another 25 basis points leverage. I mean, we just reported 31.9% operating profit and will be higher than that in the June quarter. And when the opportunity is there, if we did not invest in those strategic investments to gain share with these tuck-in acquisitions and internal programs to accelerate various revenue growth, we wouldn't be making over 32% operating profit, a kind of shame on us. That's the real answer.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So we're just 25 basis points higher than that, we will be getting in the range as the recovery picks up steam.
Steve Sanghi: We have -- in our history, we have really never cared about that. We always look at what our market share is. If our market share is 15% in any given market, then the 85% of the business we don't have. We don't let our people think that this particular market is shrinking or this particular market is growing. If you look at our 20-year performance in the 8-bit market, we have done incredible in the face of the market that analysts have called it for better part of 10 years as not a good market. 16-bit is the same way. Everybody says all the growth is in 32-bit. We have doubled year after year after year in 16-bit and grew again last year significantly. So it's just a different thinking. We don't think in terms of market growth. We think in terms of the opportunities that we can have in growing that market. So if it grows to market share and the market isn't growing, so be it. We don't make the difference.
Steve Sanghi: So you're correct and the question is valid for this call, too. There will be no change in our dividend strategy, we've got substantial amount of cash and we established a larger credit line last year to really fund this so there's no problem, here. Dividend strategy will continue.
Steve Sanghi: So if you look at the direct customers, it's quite clear. As I mentioned, the direct customers backlog started out much stronger and additional bookings are continuing. So we feel pretty good about it. And part of that across the customer base has to be where they're seeing resurgence in their business or the inventory is too low or a combination of both.
Steve Sanghi: Their businesses are doing better. They have bounced off the bottom. They're more confident that economic cycle is doing better. But they're not happy that the economic cycle is the weakest recovery it's been seen in many, many recessions. The latest slowdown in GDP in the March quarter, which was lower, is not a happy news. So nobody is really pleased with the pace of the recovery, nor are we. But everybody is still seeing growth, at least it has turned positive, and they're doing better than they were doing before.
Steve Sanghi: No, we did not have any shutdown in the March quarter either, although there is some natural shutdown. The New Year holiday kind of goes a little bit into January, early part of January. But there are no more factory shutdowns required because our inventory, when you combine it together with the distribution, it's dropping already.
Steve Sanghi: Second part question was the linearity of the orders. So basically, the business has continued to strengthen through the March quarter. So bookings, higher and higher every month, and we expect that pattern to continue in April, and then May is just starting so basically, it's a very classic pattern. The bookings are strengthening.
Steve Sanghi: Well, kind of thoughtful question. So if you look at -- the question really depends on what you do with your cash. So we produce enormous amount of cash and relatively low capital investment in the business. So the business is very profitable and throws a lot of cash. So we spent the last decade building up our dividend to be near 4%, one of the highest dividend in the semiconductor industry. And that's good, giving -- on the top of that more even is really not helpful. It gets kind of too high and I don't think people start to appreciate beyond that when it's already the highest. So the other is the investment in our own business, where growth in strategic initiatives. There was the earlier question regarding the operating expenses and not as quick to get it down to 25%, 25.5%. There is an opportunity we're investing and we're happy with it, our business is very profitable. But despite giving all this dividend and despite spending 26.25% on operating expenses, slightly higher than the model, we're still building cash. We've got $1.8 billion record cash. So what do we do with it? So we're looking for where we can find acquisitions that can enhance Microchip's available market, maybe to similar customers where we sell their products that go around the board, things that we could package in with Micro where it can really add to strategic initiatives, either in technology, all the market, all the products or all of the above. We didn't have that level of cash in the earlier part of last decade. We were also building our factory infrastructure at that time. If you recall, we spent a couple of hundred million dollars buying our fab floor in Oregon, and subsequently made substantial capital investments for equipment and all that. We built a factory in Thailand and added significant to that. So we were building our infrastructure and spending money internally. All that is now built and we have substantial factory capacity in our factories plus part of the fab-lite strategy where we are doing a portion of the business at the foundries. So business has become less capital-intensive in this decade. And therefore, we are trying to find use for that money and doing it very judiciously. We haven't done a bad acquisition. The record of acquisitions in our industry is terrible and ours is great. Acquisition after acquisition, we are very, very pleased with it. It's adding shareholder value.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. I mean, unless there's a fourth element of it and there's capital investment, there is internal growth in operating expenses, growth in operating expenses, we don't like, and 26% versus 26%, I'm not shedding tears. The capital expense, we are spending what we need to spend and it is low because of our strategy. So that is fine. And despite doing all that, we are still building a lot of cash. So therefore, I hold the management at Microchip responsible and you should hold all of us responsible to make sure we don't blow that cash in bad acquisitions, a lot of people did at the height of the 2000 bubble and spending billions of dollars and then writing them off. We haven't done that at all, and we will not do that. And that's our promise to you, that if we do an acquisition, we will deliver tremendous shareholder value.
Steve Sanghi: I would like to add that a part of the Microchip PIC brand value proposition is that we are the only company where if you buy a development tool, you can use it on our 900 products from 8 to 32. You cannot do that with any other company. Their product lines are disjointed where one is based on this architecture, the other was designed here, the pinouts and peripherals and others are not compatible, they don't match, so you have to buy different tools for different product lines. For Microchip, one tool set will serve the entire base.
Steve Sanghi: So since you named the company we're buying, I'd rather take that question in the next call. And if it's not asked, I'll answer it anyway in the call. There are certain rules about filing and all that, so I'd rather not take that in this call.
Steve Sanghi: So the new license is depending on what kind of days, whether it's an extension of something, or it's a major license or it's a brand new node and a major foundry. It could have 2 years to revenue. But there are milestone payments in between, there's payments usually at signing of the contract. Some of that we will get this quarter when you make the first package delivery, the technology in our delivery. But then as they start to install it, there's money at various steps. But in the royalty stream, actually, they're couple of years away. But there's a significant revenue in between. Okay. So with that, we'd like to finish the earnings portion of the call. So all of you have to sign into a different call. There's a different number that was sent out. And for the second call, I'll also be using a slide set, which was posted on the Web as we speak. So make sure you get that slide set.
J. Eric Bjornholt: We always don't want to speculate on what is or is not going on there. We have always maintained that the core is not the critical element of what the solution we deliver is. We've always been clear, it's a PIC32, which has a substantial number of other benefits to the customer that define what value it is to them. So if and when whatever plays out, we'll play out our hand at that time. But right now, there's no change in our strategy.
J. Eric Bjornholt: It obviously, complements what we have with ZeroG. ZeroG gave us a much lower end of product that was in the entry-level of where WiFi technologies we're at. We get some higher-end technologies. We have some Bluetooth capabilities now that come to us from Roving, and there's some substantial application expertise that comes with it as well. So all of these continue to build our capabilities in the areas of WiFi and Bluetooth, both of which we believe are ubiquitous and the kinds of building block technologies that are in use in a broad range of applications across the market segments we serve.
J. Eric Bjornholt: And Brendan, our lead times are very short, have remained short. Some of the strategic inventories that we have built is there. So people have been able to place orders and get them in fairly short period of time.
J. Eric Bjornholt: I think if you go back and look at the 16-bit by quarter patterns, we haven't had a timeline where occasionally, there's going to be a quarter when there is a decline, and that was there if you go back over to the first 20, 30 quarters of how the 16-bit did, it's not unusual at this stage. But if you look at the consistent longer-term pattern of the growth and you're going to find multiple quarters of growth, and there'll be a pause somewhere along the way.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So our development tools are used across 8s, 16s and 32s. Yes, there are a subset of tools that are unique to 32 only. But there's a much larger number of tools that get used across 8s, 16s and 32s. I think the more meaningful indicators to look at, how are the businesses themselves growing, and if you look at 8s, 16s and 32s, they have continued to outperform the market and the development tools that our customer buys can be used on different projects and today, may help an 8-bit, tomorrow, may help a 16-bit, day after tomorrow, can help a 32-bit. But the fact that they're being purchased and used is a good reflection across our microcontroller portfolio.
