Steve Sanghi: Yes. We can replicate that success in the bigger deals, but we haven't found a deal that meets our purchase metrics.
Steve Sanghi: So, yes. I gave the example of Supertex business model, which has improved very nicely, and we are – basically have lots of different design wins on Supertex that are in various stages of the incubation process. The design wins to production timeframe is usually a year and a half to two years on these complex designs, really from the date of the acquisition. So Supertex acquisition is now about 18 months, so I think probably another six months or more to go, and we should start to see some growth coming from these new design wins on Supertex. Regarding ISSC, I'll let Ganesh comment on it, how we're gaining the acceptance of Bluetooth worldwide with our ISSC efforts.
Steve Sanghi: Well, Harlan, it's exactly the same question that investors and analysts have asked at a similar time in every cycle. We basically do not measure visibility by backlog, because it tends to vary by lead-times. We measure visibility by analyzing our business region by region, customer by customer, division by division, distributor by distributor, and looking at the inventory and sellthrough and all that. So just like we see the effects of the industry events earlier and began this correction earlier, we can also see that we are ending this correction earlier, and we are now poised to resume growth in the March quarter. We were telling you when nobody was admitting that there is a substantial sell-in driven inventory build being built in distribution, and we were not getting a lot of agreement from a lot of the analysts at that time. But now you have seen, as the results have come out, that there is a substantial inventory build, and a number of companies are guiding down quite substantially, as they take that drop because of sell-in driven revenue recognition.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. I mean, as far as China is concerned, I mean, we actually called it first. We were seeing substantial issues in China at thousands of small customers, who pull their horns very, very quickly because when the small customers make a mistake just once, the end result is you go out of business, while the large companies have substantial cushion and can carry inventories and correct them over time and can cash flow and buy through distributors and contract manufacturers and can return parts and do all those things. And many of the small customers, when they make a mistake, there is no second chance. So that's why our visibility to thousands and thousands of small customers have always taught us over the years and over the decades actually that we get a glimpse of what's coming ahead in the business first, and which is what we had told you. So, yes, the problems materialized in China as we expected. Now, as you look at the next quarter. Yes, it's a year of the Chinese New Year, the quarter of the Chinese New Year, and we will expect our business in China and Asia to be sequentially down. But we make up for that elsewhere with a very, very strong Europe and a good America. And many times, our March quarter is sequentially up, and we expect this time, too.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, that's the biggest driver. But there are others, too, as we continue to, for example, this quarter we moved all the IT and business and financial systems to Microchip. In the next quarter, you see a lot of the – some of the results, some of the expense and other reductions coming from that as we're not running two parallel systems, so there's accretion all along, every quarter higher. But the big one comes from fab, and it doesn't happen right away when the fab closes. It happens more after when some of the older higher-priced 6-inch inventory is sold, which is about six months after the fab closes. So that's why I'm saying around the end of next calendar year.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean, you should expect that that will – just like Supertex, we began with 47%, and last quarter its gross margin was over 60%. And that was exactly six quarters after we closed the Supertex deal. So six quarters after we close the Micrel deal, you can expect the gross margin to have a 6 in front of it.
Steve Sanghi: I haven't done the math on one-third, two-third, but I think the Micrel expenses are in the mid-30% range. And as we bring them towards mid-20% range, that's the synergy you should get from that. And then, the gross margins grow from, let's say, 50% to 60%.
Steve Sanghi: We can absorb all of Micrel products in our inside fab and still have plenty of clean room space left over in our Oregon fab to really add many, many hundreds of millions of dollars of additional revenue, so there's no really problem. There's lots of clean room space here to install the equipment as we go. With several quarters of weak performance we have had driven by very weak market, our factories are not full today. We just took a nine-day shutdown in our Oregon fab in the month of October, and in the current quarter, we have scheduled a similar shutdown in our Arizona fab in December. So even after absorbing all of Micrel products, I think we still have internally slightly higher inventory, not fully loaded, room to expand, and no problem.
Steve Sanghi: Well, considering we do business with 90,000-plus customers, it's very, very hard to really latch on to any kind of indicator. Most market checks that you occasionally – that you guys occasionally refer to does not seem to work for our business very, very well. We do business with – so, for example, just two weeks ago, I was in Asia, and I spent two weeks there. I met during that trip – I personally had meetings with 60-plus Asian distributors, at their presidents and product marketing heads that drive Microchip business, 60-plus, personally. And so, that's the view on a first-hand basis I bring to you regarding what I see there. And you cannot match that by any kind of so-called channel checks. So I just have trouble telling you really what you could track, because the business is just so diversified, so broad and 90,000 plus customers.
Steve Sanghi: Well, you know, if you look at last year, in December, we were coming out of that, and our March quarter was sequentially up last year without any effect of any acquisition, totally clean. Our March quarter was sequentially up. And then, lots of other events developed, the whole falloff of the Chinese stock market, lots and lots of customers invested their money in the Chinese stock market and lost it, and Chinese payment terms are starting to mimic Italy. In many cases, our distributors are telling us they're concerned about getting paid. People are pushing out schedules, pushing out launch of the new products, cutting down the run rates, cutting down inventories, so there are additional things that happened. Now, all that environment is currently dialed in our guidance. You know, question is does it get any worse than that? Is there another shoe to drop or driven by anything. That we don't know. That kind of view we don't have. This is based on what we are able to see today.
Steve Sanghi: No, all these distributors, they hold the inventory. They also have dedicated application engineers for Microchip, which help the customer to design-in our products into the end customer socket. And then, they ship it from the inventory. The Asian distributors will hold in months of inventory, lesser inventory than an equivalent U.S. distributor will hold just because they work on much lower margin. So if they work on a lower margin, they have to hold lower inventory. Otherwise, it's not affordable. But they're all stocking distributors. So these are not like reps. What you're talking about is either reps or...
Steve Sanghi: Design houses and things like that. We have some of those, too, but these people I'm talking about are real-life distributors.
Steve Sanghi: So Asia-wide consolidated – I have the number for worldwide, also. I don't have it on my fingertips. But entire Asia combined – Asia, China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, everything – all Asia combined, our total design win dollar revenue was 15% higher this year than it was last year. So when I look at on the graph, how on a monthly basis design win dollars progressed, it was 15% higher than a year ago. But when you look at the net new revenue created from those designs this year versus the net new revenue created from new design wins last year, it was about a fourth of it, which was – and it was consistent geography to geography, distributor to distributor. Whether you look at Japan or you look at Korea or you look at China, it was really no different, which was a broad-based sign of very good excellent design win activity, but customers were all holding back, either not taking their designs to production or running much lower run rate in dollars on those designs in terms of unit consumption or not having the money to launch it. The effects of the Chinese stock market crash, I talked about. So this was universal across the board. And sooner or later, those customers got to run their businesses, also. When they take those designs to production, you will see sort of the other side of that, a very pent-up new product design activity. As it goes to production, the business really takes off.
Steve Sanghi: So affirmative on both of those. We did execute the planned shutdown for the Gresham fab, and we are on schedule to execute a maintenance shutdown at the end of the year in our Arizona fab. The shutdown we had announced in the Arizona fab before, we're not making it any shorter, we're not making it any longer. We're holding it to what we have told you before. And the inventory going out of September quarter was 120 ...
Steve Sanghi: Well, we want to thank all the investors. I think the next major conference we go to will be the CSFB conference in Scottsdale, which is in our backyard. We'll get into great weather. So come out here, and we'll see you. Thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: So when we acquired ISSC, their sales force was predominantly focused in Taiwan and in South China. But the opportunities for the Bluetooth products are really global, and over the last year plus, post the acquisition, the rest of the Microchip sales teams and channels have been working to expand the number of designs at customers that are Microchip traditional customers, and many of the applications that Microchip is strong at, so that all is activity that is in progress. We expect it will accrue as a design cycle gets completed, but we today have worldwide coverage of the ISSC product lines for Bluetooth opportunities as compared to what we inherited when we acquired the company.
Ganesh Moorthy: Quarter to quarter, you're going to have small changes that are there. Analog has been growing faster for several quarters as you've seen. We're continuing to complement our organic growth with the acquisition growth, as well, over time. I would not take anything particular out of the numbers in one quarter, where you have a small difference in growth rate between Microcontrollers and Analog. Both product lines continue to perform well in terms of new designs, and we expect will continue to grow across the 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit spectrum in Micros and across a broader spectrum in Analog.
Ganesh Moorthy: We have a range of both applications we're designed into as well as regions of the world. The overall automotive business was down in the quarter. Obviously, there are parts of the world where automotive is not doing as well. But there are also other parts of the world where it has been strong, and the sellthrough has been strong, the U.S. as a good example. So it follows geographically where the sales have been. But automotive continues to be in the current environment one of the stronger segments relative to the other segments for us.
