J. Eric Bjornholt: It's a little early for all the growth areas. Obviously we're coming up to speed in the different businesses. The investment roadmaps have been what they were. They were focused on 32-bit in touch alone. There wasn't as much on 8-bit. We see that as a potential area of growth for us going forward. There is some growth we believe in security, certainly in the microcontroller – 32-bit microcontroller and wireless areas that they have invested in. It's a little early to give you any specific numbers. We're working on that. We also have to look at how to balance that with investments Microchip has also been making in similar areas. So that's with respect to growth. On the positioning, I think we've very clear ways in, which products have areas of strength that they have developed. On 8-bit the AVR has a strong following a wide base of customers and applications, and so does the PIC microcontrollers. The biggest opportunity on that is going to be how do we take our analog products and create more attach around both company's efforts? Obviously we've been doing that on 8-bit for a long time now doing it for the AVR 8-bit as well. On 32-bit, microprocessors is an area that Atmel had as a strength. We hadn't been doing it. We will take that and run with it, and again, position the rest of our product lines to attach with their microprocessors. We expect on the microcontrollers that are ARM based as well as MIPS-based microcontrollers that will have PIC 32 and SAM 32 products. They each have different uniqueness around them have gone after slightly different markets. In some cases there could be commonality of customers. And so largely, on the microcontrollers, we're not expecting that these big shakeups in the roadmap. And then outside of microcontrollers really the rest of the product lines are reasonably well positioned.
J. Eric Bjornholt: It's really always up in June following the Chinese New Year funk that happened in the March quarter. So it's just a higher number of shipping days, but the demand environment is fine.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So the PIC microprocessor that Ganesh mentioned earlier, that was a project that was in development at Microchip. That was not producing revenue.
Steve Sanghi: We are not able to break down the synergies in OpEx or the COGS side or revenue growth. We've given combined numbers of the earnings per share accretion for fiscal 2017, 2018, and 2019 and you know a month after the acquisition as we've looked at it we're pretty much confirming that we can achieve those numbers.
Steve Sanghi: Well, our wireless business has been doing quite well for quite some time. And honestly, we're surprised about where Atmel got some of the reputation on being well positioned in IoT. As we looked at it now closer as we own it, the wireless business was less than half of Microchip's business and losing a very large amount of money. So we are dramatically restructuring Atmel's wireless business, combining with our wireless business, and coming up with a combined roadmap – some products from us, some products from them. In fact, just today we closed one of the design centers of their wireless, which was based in Dresden, Germany. But Microchip had a very strong momentum on wireless, and taking some of the good products from Atmel, it will further aid to it. But their wireless business wasn't really cracked up to really what they positioned it with the analysts and investors.
Steve Sanghi: So our business is running normal. We completed the inventory correction back in December quarter. As we reported, the distribution inventory was basically flattish. It was down by two days last quarter. Our internal inventory seems reasonable. So I don't really think there's movement going in either direction. I think the business is really normal. Our business represents the real demand today.
Steve Sanghi: So, there were probably more than one question in there, but the Mobile Touch business of Atmel that we didn't include is about $14 million a quarter. So if you add it to the midpoint of our guidance that we provided, it's about $250 million. So it's really neither way up or down much. We basically feel that Atmel was in the middle of a very major inventory correction. There was a very, very large amount of distribution inventory as well as the inside inventory. We have seen some of that behavior with sell-in driven companies in our prior acquisitions also, but this one was really over the top. As we announced back on April 4, that – based on a sell-in driven revenue recognition, the revenue was only in the $220 million range. So there was really a massive inventory correction in distribution. If they were standalone then the revenue would just have been very, very low. And I think the second part of your question was when do we see growth. We believe we see stabilization beginning now, and it continuously improves. We are improving Atmel's systems on many different fronts, and you'll see the second half of this year to be significantly better than what you've seen in the first half.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. So the business is about $14 million in revenue, low-30s gross margin, and 33% range kind of gross margin, and it's losing money. And part of the issue is its expenses are extremely high and kept high by Atmel management, while the revenue was falling steeply down over the last year and the year before. So what we are doing is very, very aggressively cutting its operating expenses to size the business accordingly to get it close to profitability. And with that, we will market that business to be able to sell it.
Steve Sanghi: Well, yes, absolutely. Our June quarter business in China will be up sequentially over the March quarter. We were not able to break down by industry because we just don't roll up the revenue that way. It's broad-based. We are up in direct. We are up in distribution, so it's really fairly broad-based. Our China business will definitely be up in the March quarter.
Steve Sanghi: That's a thoughtful question and probably requires a thoughtful answer. I think if you take it from the high level, in consolidation of any industry, there are companies at the bottom that have been underperforming for years. They are being forced by either their boards or the activists investors to seek strategic alternatives, which is another word for basically selling the company. Such consolidation is now taking place in the semiconductor industry, and we have been kind of one of the consolidators. Microchip has purchased a number of companies that were all underperforming, and in each of these companies we found some negative surprises after we bought the companies. But Microchip has systematically transformed the companies that we have bought into highly profitable enterprises performing in the Microchip business model. I've given you examples of SMSC, Micrel, and Supertex before. And we believe that we'll be able to do the same with Atmel. We have competed Atmel for years. What we knew of Atmel from outside was that they have very good products and technology. And a month after we have purchased them we've confirmed that many of Atmel's product and technologies are good, and they fit very well with Microchip's products, technologies, and our roadmaps. But at the same time, we always wondered why Atmel, with such good products and technologies, always underperformed and could not make even a third of the profit that Microchip made. We now have a deeper understanding of that. And the easiest way to describe that is they were very poorly managed. I will put that in five main buckets. First, very poor accountability for results. I mean, kept giving bonuses and raises or whatever, irrespective of the performance of the company. So very poor accountability for results. Number second, poor teamwork. As we have seen, teamwork between sales and operations and planning and inventory and just everybody does what they need to do, and very poor teamwork. Number three, very high spending culture. Obviously, operating expenses in excess of 40% of revenue. Number four, always swinging for homeruns and essentially getting struck out, versus Microchip building its businesses with singles and doubles. And finally, number five, very poor pricing discipline. So I think those are the five areas we've diagnosed. Again, poor accountability for results, poor teamwork, very high spending culture, swinging for fences for the homeruns, and very, very poor pricing discipline. So we have now combined most of Atmel's business units under Microchip leaders so that we can begin to teach and implement our system of teamwork, accountability, operating expense, discipline, broad customer base, and strong pricing discipline. As we have done with SMSC, Supertex, and Micrel, we'll be sharing that progress with the investors and analyst in the coming quarters. Atmel is not the first company and that I've been stressed over after purchasing them, but I'm confident that just like in other cases investors will like the results we deliver as we transform Atmel's good products and technologies to yield kind of Microchip kind of financial performance. So that's kind of how I see it.
Steve Sanghi: I would say it takes about three months to launch it, another six months to train it, and you start getting design wins in the second half, probably, after six, seven months. And then remember, production is another year, year and half, away at some earlier wins on analog and attach and places where the time to revenue could be shorter.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think I kind of have been on record that this is probably the worst performing company I bought, and the size and scale of it kind of makes it that much more challenging. But we've a deep experience inside of Microchip. The people we have prepared and battle-hardened to do these integrations over many, many different acquisitions. Remember, we have done acquisition in memory, which was SST. We've done acquisitions in wireless before. We have done acquisitions in logic businesses like SMSC. We have acquired manufacturing assets before where we bought one of the test plant MMT. We bought a fab plant in Oregon. So across our diverse management structure, we have deep expertise in integrating acquired companies across many, many disciplines. And the entire – that trained and battle-hardened management team of Microchip is really at work at Atmel where essentially all but one or so of the divisions are today – business units are being led by a Microchip executive, and we're basically making the operational changes, the cultural changes, the teamwork changes. We have set up meetings already where operations and business units are in a common meeting, figuring out what the demand is, what we should build. Those things were not connected. Basically, business units throw a demand over the wall and the manufacturing group will invent and build it, and sales never booked that order and never won that design, and there are lots and lots of millions or parts sitting written off. And there was a very, very high amount of inventory write-off at Atmel when we look at the history of that. And it doesn't compare anything with Microchip where we are really well run, and rare that you have any kind of large inventory write-off. So we're implementing all of Microchip's processes, and as we implement Microchip's processes, then lot of the gross margin and other improvement will just happen because you don't write off the inventory, there's a better pricing discipline, there's less OpEx, and people are working together, all that kind of stuff.
Steve Sanghi: We always say that management works on the system and employees work in the system. So employees work in a system with very little accountability and they were not empowered to really make, maybe possibly, the improvements that they could have made. And system was very top-down; there was too much bureaucracy in the system. As we have traveled to all the Atmel sites internationally, in places, that team has constantly come that there was so much central command and control from the headquarter where it took levels and levels of approvals and just there was a constipation of the funnel, essentially, where nothing got approved and nothing got done. And ours is a very distributed intelligence and distributed decision-making, and people empowered, where they work by our values. They know what they need to do, And so lots of people as we've travelled from Norway to France to Germany to Colorado Springs to other have really embraced us and said this is the kind of culture they have been yearning for.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think any answer we give either would mean nothing, or you won't believe it. So one month after this, when I'm ready to talk about what happens to Atmel's revenue three years from now? What we're seeing is that there was a very, very large shipments into distribution where distribution inventory was out of sight and when you then measure revenue by selling the revenue had a steep fall off in the later quarters, which is what you're counting in a significant revenue drop of Atmel in 2015, and I'm not disagreeing that the revenue was down 17%, 17.5%. From the number that we're guiding you today we see this number to be the starting point of stabilization in Atmel's revenue. There is some more distribution inventory correction to go through, so the second half of this year should be stronger than the first half. Now, beyond that, with the better execution, combined roadmap, the good pricing discipline, great distribution methodology, our cross-selling distributor on each of those products, analog attach, and others, we need to produce a growth rate from Atmel which is at least as much as the industry. I don't think that will be that difficult from how atrophied it is. And we've seen that in our other acquisitions. Beyond that I can't really add the numbers to it.
Steve Sanghi: So it's not true that we're only focusing on the microcontroller business. We have two of our general managers focusing on the microcontroller business, one of 8-bit and one on the 32-bit. But we have another one focused on wireless. We have another one focused on the RF automotive business. We have another one focused on security. We have another one trying to combine the memory businesses of both the companies and they have some good memory products and we think we could do more and better with them. So I can't afford to ignore one-third of any business and....
Steve Sanghi: Yes. So the business has been declining so far with the March quarter as the bottom. And what we're trying to do is first to stabilize it here, recover from the distribution inventory issue in the second half, grow some, and then lots of good design wins are in the works.
Steve Sanghi: I guess I'd say we have the factory footprint that we need and we'll make incremental investments in the business as required. You'll probably recall that for Microchip's core business that we've pretty high CapEx in the first two quarters of last fiscal year, and with that we put some capacity in place that really isn't being utilized today. So we've got some capacity to grow into on that front. We still have a lot of work to do in determining how backend integration is going to work for Atmel. We've got some placeholders for that, but we think a $140 million is a good placeholder for the current fiscal year, and as we learn more about future investment needs we can update you on that.
Steve Sanghi: And Atmel revenue is down much more substantially. I mean our revenue is close to – it was record last quarter, but Atmel's revenue is down significantly from its higher numbers before. Earlier caller mentioned that 17% drop last year. So there is substantial space in their factories. So therefore, I think the capital investment should be relatively limited for growing the revenue going forward.
Steve Sanghi: So I think I mentioned that Atmel had a very, very poor pricing discipline. So we have found businesses in Atmel, particular line items to particular customers, that were at negative gross margins where you're wrapping money around every part that you're shipping, and some of that happening even on non-commodity products, even microcontrollers. I mean, why would you do that? So I think as we try to correct those things – I put the brand in three different categories, three different positioning, and let me take that angle from a marketing standpoint. A company has a brand position which is really what do the customers think of the company. Then a company has a product position, positioning where – what does the customer think of the company's products. And then the third, a company has a pricing position where what do the customers think of the value the company provides to the customers on its products. So positioning is important three different ways: brand positioning, product positioning, and pricing positioning. When I look at Microchip, I find us very strong in all three. We have a good brand reputation, we have a good product positioning, and we have good pricing positioning where we're able to draw very, very good pricing by customers seeing the value in our products. That's how we make near 60% gross margin. When I apply the same principles to Atmel, I find they have a good product positioning. And Ganesh and I mentioned that we find good products. The company probably has just an okay brand position as a company but it has a very poor pricing positioning, where it hasn't positioned its products to be able to show the value to the customer. And they sell them like...
Steve Sanghi: Like jellybeans. So as Microchip starts to put the discipline in place and there are common customers where we do business with and they're same customers that Atmel does business with – and you've read something in paper where some ex-executives blabbering about and being pissed off or whatever because they no longer have a job or there cheese has been moved. But all these customers are doing business with Microchip. And they're doing business with Microchip. We're able to position our products at a much higher value, and we have substantially higher gross margin at the same customers where Atmel has a very poor gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: Then on the top of that the sales force is commissioned. Atmel's sales force is commissioned. Microchip is not. And we have had conversations with sales people where we say, this is a negative gross margin business. Why do you do that? Well, I'm making commission on it. You can't take it away. So as you start to interrupt that environment and start to change that culture, you will get reaction from those people. And then somebody talks to the press. That's what you have read. We are doing what our investors would want us to do, is to have three better positioning, brand, products, and pricing.
Steve Sanghi: So $6 million to $7 million is based on sell-in and the inventory was very, very high. The sell-thorough was $14 million, or around $14 million. So that's the difference on your second question. Regarding what is the sell-in revenue this quarter, we don't care. We really don't care. We are not going to stop the channel. We are not going to make any deals; that's another thing Atmel did. They basically made deals at the end of the quarter at lower prices and make deals with the distribution to give whatever so that – given revenue could be reported. We do not care about the sell-in. We never cared about sell-in on the Microchip side. We are going to work with the distributors to create demand and sell business to end customers at better prices and whatever distributors want to stock, we don't care about sell-in.
Steve Sanghi: Mark, I don't know how you got all that. The only thing that comes out of the top line is the mobile piece of the Touch business. We're dividing the Touch business into two portions, the automotive and industrial on one side, which we're keeping, and the Mobile Touch on the other side, which we're not keeping, which last quarter was $7 million on sell-in, about $14 million on sell-through. That's the only thing that's coming out. Nothing else is coming from the top line. I don't know how you got wireless.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah, so it was a brand-new initiative at Microchip. In addition to our 32-bit PIC microcontroller line we were going to develop a PIC microprocessor line, which is with their higher end cores, they don't have Flash, it goes in a different market, they use Linux operating systems. It was a very, very large investment, and Atmel has already made that investment and had significant revenue on it. So we're not going to make those investments on our sides. But there was zero revenue. There was not even a revenue on it in the next year. And then nothing comes out of the wireless. Atmel ran a very, very small wireless business out of seven different design centers and we closed one of them, which was in Germany, in a very high cost region.
Steve Sanghi: And we continue to sell those products and market those products. There was a very small revenue coming out of that center. So there's nothing else; it's only the Mobile Touch.
Steve Sanghi: We don't have it. We are not giving to give you a number and then want to be limited in any way to really live to that number. So restructuring charge will be whatever it will be.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. We thank everyone for attending the call and asking some nice questions. We'll see some of you on the road. There are some conferences coming up. I'll personally be at the JPMorgan conference in Boston, and Eric, you will be...
Ganesh Moorthy: There's nothing I can point my finger to and say this is what it was. Both businesses are like our overall microcontroller business. They are broad-based, thousands of customers, many, many, many different applications. And that work takes place over the years to establish those new designs. And as any overall improvement environment happens, we see that improvement in our business across a wide range of applications and customers. So nothing specific I can point to.
Ganesh Moorthy: Okay. So, that's easy. There was no 16-bit business at Atmel. Microchip's 16-bit business continues as a standalone business.
Ganesh Moorthy: Chris, I will also add there are lots and lots of great employees at Atmel, so, many of whom were yearning for an improvement in system and who are responding extremely well to our presence, our values. And so – we've seen this in other companies as well, that once you go below the top level, there are lots and lots of excellent employees who will be a big part of the contribution as we bring in the improvements that we need to make. And we already see lots of those people are thrilled to be liberated and to be able to thrive in the systems that we bring.
Ganesh Moorthy: The products and technologies are fundamentally good. and so we believe that a good foundation from which to begin the efforts needed to grow the business. There's every confidence that as we take those products, apply some of the disciplines that Steve talked, about get them into a combined channel, there's no doubt in my mind we'll find ways to grow that business.
Ganesh Moorthy: If anything, it's a converse. We have more conversations with large customers recognizing that the combined companies, Microchip and Atmel, to them represent a much more strategic supplier to them and wanting to have more discussions in that direction.
