Steve Sanghi: We basically see no issues. We do not see a decline in Atmel sales. We think we have turned around the decline of Atmel sales rapidly. A lot of the sales decline was happening during all the time when Atmel was on sale, starting almost May of last year when the CEO first told the world that he was going to step down, which began the sales process. And there were some sales decline related to the touch business even happened in the previous years. We think the meetings we have had with the major customers, the messages we have given to the Street, the messages we have given to the sales force, the meetings we have had with the distribution, rapidly we have given the market confidence that number one, we're not obsoleting a large number of products like many times acquisitions companies tend to do. Microchip has a culture of not obsoleting products and providing long-term service to the clients. The only business we put on sale was just this mobile touch business which was a relatively small business and the other concerns, which actually investors had more than the customers, was what was going to happen to the 8-bit AVR business, what was going to happen to Atmel's microcontroller together with Microchip's microcontrollers, who were competitive. All that has worked out extremely well. We have given customers the confidence that we're going to continue promoting those products, introduce new products; in fact, take many of the great features that we have added on our 8-bit microcontrollers, while Atmel's 8-bit microcontroller has atrophied. We're introducing new products with many great features and giving the messages that the brand of Atmel AVR is here to stay.
Steve Sanghi: So we have found Atmel's wafer fab in Colorado Springs was a very cost-effective fab. It may be one of the most cost-effective fabs in the world at a 6-inch level. Not very many 6-inch fabs can effectively compete with 8-inch output where a lot of the Microchip output was 8-inch. This is a very competitive fab. So, after a very thorough analysis – and we've got good manufacturing head on us, I think you've seen it over the years, we have decided and told the Colorado fab people and the community that we will keep Colorado fabs where some of the rumors were something else could happen. That's a very, very good fab. We're going to keep it. We have – also using Atmel's 6-inch fab to transfer some of the more sticky Micrel 6-inch products where we had had trouble bringing them on to 8-inch. It seems like the 6-inch to 6-inch transfer has been smoother than the 6-inch to 8-inch transfer on just a handful of products. We're talking about two process technologies and a few products. 85%, 90% of the products from Micrel really have been transferred to Microchip 8-inch fabs, and it is really the Atmel 6-inch fab that came to the rescue which then allowed us to not only close the Micrel fab and actually close it two months ahead of the schedule we gave you last time.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I'm not going to call the demand environment anything. The demand environment is what it is, and based on the guidance we have given. Because any adjective I add to it and everybody tries to read that and apply that to the rest of the industry and other people and I'm just not going to do that.
Steve Sanghi: Well, there is no shortage of interesting targets. The shortage right now I have is basically one financial shortage for the leverage which is already 3.22 as we reported today. So I don't really have sufficient more cash to do anything short term. And the second issue is the management bandwidth. As you mentioned, it's really very, very busy on consolidating seven different business units of Atmel and all the financial and IT and other systems. So those are the challenges, financial as well as the management bandwidth. There is no shortage of target.
Steve Sanghi: Those are included in us taking the accretion targets up from $0.25 before to $0.40 now. They're not all driven by price. They're driven by just being so far ahead in the first two quarters and then modeling the third and fourth quarter. Some of the price increases are embedded in there but it's really very hard to model it really, because it could take a few quarters for it to really get in based on new projects, new orders, new quotes, some of the old quotes have an expiry and so on and so forth. So it's probably at least a nine-months process.
Steve Sanghi: Well, first of all, we haven't seen a full year of Atmel under our clock. So the correct answer would be I don't know. But based on what we have seen, we believe that I don't think seasonality will change a whole lot. Q1, the calendar Q1 usually Microchip has been sequentially up in Q1. And because of a little more consumer exposure, Atmel's Q1, calendar Q1 has not been up, has been down. But they're about less than half of our business. So you combine it together, I think you take a little bit from the Q1 and where you add it we've got to figure out where you add it. Maybe you add it in the June. Maybe you add some in December, maybe we're not down as much. We've just got to kind of figure it out over time.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think in most businesses, microcontrollers and analog, we have outperformed the industry for years and years, and by combining one of the two best microcontroller franchises, Microchip and Atmel, even though Atmel didn't perform financially that well because of a number of reasons that we highlighted, we did say that the products and technologies were good. I think we are the strong microcontroller franchise, they are a very strong analog franchise; the whole wireless franchise, IoT and all that has gotten stronger with both of them combined and the memory franchise has gotten stronger, I think we should continue to exceed the growth rate of the industry, and gain market share in each of those business segments.
Steve Sanghi: So, from $60 million that you mentioned last quarter to $24 million kind of going forward, you could kind of see how heavily the company was top-heavy and how much the equity comp and acceleration and all that was.
Steve Sanghi: Well, these will be very long answers. I think what we said, both Ganesh and I in our prepared remarks, some of the things we did. I laid out how much we took out in the operating expense, how we combined the businesses. We took nearly – 500 people are no longer on the payroll, among them about 33 executives, so there was a large amount of expense taken out, large amount of other things done. Mix is improving, product mix is improving, less focus on low margin mobile touch products, and high focus on high margin micro and others and adjustment of prices. There were just hundreds of line items. And we just, Ganesh and I and many of our executives, that's all we did last quarter, we worked on Atmel.
Steve Sanghi: So it is still on schedule for go live on November 1. There are 100 different milestones, weekly milestones for really what needs to be accomplished for that to stay on schedule. And it's on schedule right now. After this call we have another review of the Atmel integration plan for November when we go live. And I'm sure I'll hear that in the last week since I heard the report, the next set of milestones have been met and we're on schedule.
Steve Sanghi: So I don't think either of them, because you couldn't really have any meaningful impact on prices within the quarter. Many times it's raise the prices, it's you expire a quote, the new prices on a new quote, and it just takes some time to have an effect; to have its impact that moves the needle in the very first quarter, I don't think there was any of that. Regarding the second part where expecting price increase where the customers buy product at lower prices ahead of time, we had heard that concern from the Street, maybe one of the analysts. And we don't really find evidence of that. Six weeks have gone into the quarter and the OEM bookings and shipment patterns and all that are really continuing good. We're marching well towards our guidance. And on the distribution, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we marked the distribution inventory up on July 1 with a new price book. And the point of sales in the last six weeks in the quarter is – does not show any problem.
Steve Sanghi: So the cross-selling is already visible at the design-in level – in one of Atmel's socket, let's say, there was Atmel microcontroller, there was an Atmel wireless chip but – the LDO, the A to D converter or some sort of power management was from some other company. And there are already signs as we go through reviews of customers with the salespeople, they're already showing evidence of where some of those have been replaced by Microchip at the design level. Those are not in production at the design level in the funnel. So that's already visible. In terms of dollarizing it, it's very hard to dollarize. But when I was at a conference in New York last quarter, I essentially – what they are modeling is that there is a $300 million attach opportunity on Microchip's analog products attaching it to microcontrollers and wireless products of Atmel. And it's about $1 billion of business, $0.30 of attach rate. That's really kind of how we came about. It's not as scientific, but those are experiences on other opportunities we have done where we have attached analog.
Steve Sanghi: So licensing business is doing very well. Essentially, in the licensing business, we have won the entire enchilada at the 55-nanometer and 40-nanometer, essentially every major foundry, all three large foundries, and many of the smaller foundries, they have all adopted our technology at the 90-nanometer, our technology at the 55-nanometer, our technology at the 40-nanometer. Main foundries have adopted what has been won in the last two or three years is 55-nanometer and 40-nanometer. And half of them have also signed up on the 28-nanometer and that's still under works. So I mean, basically it's all being designed with our technology. Now, it's a question of, in the microcontroller world, the technology kind of lags the microprocessor world by quite a few years. So what portion of the microcontrollers are built on 55-nanometer and 40-nanometer. If you ask the question today, that's a very small number. But it's on a very fast curve as all the new products being designed are in 55-nanometer and 40-nanometer. So as they go into production, the royalty rates will increase dramatically. So we're very positive on that business. The coming year – this year should be record, fiscal year 2017 should be record.
Steve Sanghi: When you look at an embedded control, I think the center of gravity of microcontrollers today is probably 0.13. So a lot of people are migrating to 90-nanometer. 90-nanometer is probably the most ramping in terms of technology, in terms of wafers and royalty. 55 is barely beginning. I think we're going to get our first 55-nanometer check, either got it last quarter, or we're going to get it next quarter. So – and then you got 40-nanometer, then you got 28-nanometer. What we're seeing is we've got a decade of royalty stream coming up here on 90-nanometer, 55-nanometer, 40-nanometer and 28-nanometer, which will continue to grow that business. And we're already filing patents to 22-nanometer, 20-nanometer and engaging with foundries and high-k/metal gate and all that. None of this is licensed yet. It's advanced work, but 28-nanometer covers the next decade.
Steve Sanghi: I remember that when I said that and subsequently I saw it in a report, which was a gross mischaracterization of really what I had said. So let me clarify it. So, let's say we have 100 opportunities at Microchip. And the company we acquire has 100 opportunities. To make the assumption that all of our 100 opportunities are better than all of their 100 opportunities and they should be at the bottom would be highly egotistical and would be incorrect. So what I said is that many times we find that the top 50% of the acquired companies' opportunities are actually better opportunities than the bottom 15% of ours. And therefore, when we mish-mash it together, it results in to taking some of Microchip resources and rather than harvesting the bottom 15% of our opportunities, it's better to harvest top 50% of the other company's opportunities because they may be better in whatever way. I think that's what I said. It was just a – it was a metaphor. Those are not exact numbers.
Steve Sanghi: Raji, we're not buzzword driven company, never have been, and go back a year ago if you would have asked an average investor who had a stronger IoT portfolio, Atmel or Microchip, the answer probably would have been Atmel. And as we look at their business, it was a disaster. As I said, it was losing $32 million on sales of 40-nanometer. And our business was more than two, two-and-a-half times the size and much better performing and all that. So lot of that restructuring kind of has been on their side. So that doesn't mean we're not doing well in those areas. We at Microchip navigate a very, very broad beach front, we're calling on 100,000 customers, we've got to do all these things. So we can't take all of our microcontroller business and we name it IoT, like somebody else has done. That doesn't mean we are shy of IoT applications or not competitive or don't have the products and don't have the focus. We've got all of that.
Steve Sanghi: Well, end markets we didn't look at. I mean, we don't really do that breakdown. But when I look at geographies and product lines, I would say everything was pretty broad-based.
Steve Sanghi: We've done that pretty much with every acquisition. Micrel was the most recent one before Atmel and the pricing practices were also very sell-in driven to distribution, making quarter end deals on heavy discounts and some of the OEM pricing were very low in Asia and we did exactly the same thing. You'll take – there were some very equivalent products from Microchip and Micrel whether they were LAN or they were in the power management area, I mean, those products, customers could choose one product or the other. And our prices would be substantially better than theirs. And after we combined Micrel, we essentially changed the pricing to our pricing. And so whether you buy their product or you buy our product, you're going to buy at our price. So we did that. We did some other things with Supertex. We did a fair amount of it with SMSC.
Steve Sanghi: SST was making some negative gross margins on flash business, taking very low margins and we sold some bad business. In a couple of deals we did back then and rest of it we raised the prices. We brought some into our testing, our system, our assembly and lowered the cost, and for years now that was 2010 and we have been running the flash business very profitably. So there's no business at Microchip is entitled to lose money.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think – so if you look at the elements of it, there is revenue, there is gross margin, and there's OpEx, really only those three things. And then there is attach rate, let's say, attaching analog and all that. If you take those four major components where the long-term accretion would come from, the upside in the quarters from a revenue side was real. That's not a pull-in. That's a real revenue upside which will continue quarter after quarter. The OpEx piece is, there's a certain amount of OpEx you need to take out and remove the bad R&D and remove the bad stuff. So any accretion we would get on OpEx if we get the job done in one year rather than two years or three years and that push-in will not have further upside, because there's a certain amount OpEx correction we got to do. And we're doing it much faster than we thought. And honestly, one of the reasons for that, in my mind, is our earlier expectation was that we will find a disaster in Europe, and Europe is harder to restructure as you all know with European laws and Works Council and all that. And that's not what we found. We found very good running businesses in Europe and we found a disaster in U.S. on the business unit side. And that's why we were able to do a lot of the restructuring in a very rapid fashion and that's largely we're kind of ahead of the OpEx goal there. On the gross margin, we haven't gotten upside in the gross margin side yet. As we talked earlier, it takes a while for price increases and cost reductions to take place. So that so far is on pace with what we guided earlier. But if you get ahead, we'll let you know. And the last one is attach. There, attach is not at a revenue stage today, it's only at the funnel stage. So maybe that helps you a little bit.
Steve Sanghi: It's all over the place. We work with 100,000 customers, and some you do it in two steps, and some you're able to do it all, in some there was a contract in place, you couldn't do it at all. So it has to be with a new quote next year on January 1, it's all over the place.
Steve Sanghi: Well, thank you, everyone, for attending the conference call today and we'll see some of you on the road as we go to a couple of conferences later on this quarter . Thanks.
Ganesh Moorthy: And on the back end, Atmel has an excellent facility in the Philippines that adds to our two facilities in Thailand. We are continuing to operate that and intend to do that for a long time. There are no transfers yet of bringing product in. Those are all in the planning stages and as we get farther into the business integration, we'll do more there. In the meanwhile, as I mentioned, we are working to get the best overall pricing when we have outsourced assembly or test, where either one of us is using a particular source, and that type of cost-reduction work which is quite common in the early stages of an acquisition.
Ganesh Moorthy: We serve such a large number of customers and a broad base of applications that we're not end-market-focused on what we go do. So I think what you're seeing in both our guidance and the relative comparisons are, it's normal business. There is nothing that stands out as bad, or stands out at good. It's just normal.
Ganesh Moorthy: Raji, I think what you're referring to is, we've made some comments about the top 50% of opportunities of acquired companies are better than the bottom 50%. I think that's what you're getting at.
Ganesh Moorthy: Now, that's really the case. As we look at Atmel we mishmash all the products and roadmaps, we have discontinued probably 15% of our roadmap and we have filled that in with a lot of the better products coming from Atmel.
Ganesh Moorthy: We do that every day. We do that every day. Today we've been doing it on our products for years and including Atmel we're already seeing in the funnel that customer level we're in the new products, Microchip's analog, memory, LAN, networking, other products, being attached to Atmel's microcontroller products and some other cases. If they have the right wireless chip is being attached to Microchip's microcontroller. So yeah, that began day one as we acquired the company and it's been happening for years at Microchip. So it's not something we need to focus on. It's something we have been focusing on.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So there is a lot of Atmel-specific related activity in there related to – Steve talked about 31 of the 40 something VPs no longer being with us and change of control and acceleration of equity and things like that. So that had a significant impact on the share-based comp in the quarter. So that is not the ongoing run rate. If you give me a minute I can kind of look up what it will be, estimated, for the next couple quarters and give you that as the baseline.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So, just as a follow-up to your question on share-based comp, I'd expect share-based comp in the current quarter, this is a pre-tax number, to be somewhere in the $24 million to $25 million range and that would probably trend down a little bit as we get to the balance of the fiscal year on a quarterly basis.
J. Eric Bjornholt: Well, it's going very, very well. As Ganesh mentioned, we're running 8-bit microcontrollers as one business unit, 32-bit as one business unit, wireless as one business unit, memory as one business unit. So the business unit leader gets both sides together, comes up with a joint roadmap. We will discontinue these of our products, they'll discontinue those of their products, it's a joint road map that joint teams work together in accelerating those road maps. There're some redundant resources which are let go. So all that process is going very well. I think on 8-bit micro, 32-bit micro and memory, we're largely done.
J. Eric Bjornholt: We're largely done. Wireless, as Ganesh said, will take us through the end of the year, calendar year, which was very complex. And on the analog, high voltage, RF front, it's in the same timeframe, end of the year or early next year. So that process is really going very, very well. Where I caution investors and analysts is, if I remember reading the commentary on what I said, they kind of look at – they looked at it like, so Microchip's bottom 15% of the revenue would go away or something like that. We're going to let go bottom 15% of our revenue, which will be a huge number. This is not the bottom 15% of our revenue, there's no change in our revenue. Our revenue is not going to go down. This is in terms of activity.
J. Eric Bjornholt: Projects. So we are doing some projects, there're some higher priority projects and some lower priority projects. We will take the lowest priority projects of ours and substitute by the acquired company's better projects which meld in. So, overall, the portfolio becomes stronger and generates even higher revenue, more competitive pricing, better margins and all that and not equate that to – we should take combined company and take 15% of the revenue and say it's going to go away. That's where it was highly misinterpreted.
J. Eric Bjornholt: At the end of the day if it's bad business, it's bad business. We're not interested in continuing to go forward with it. So price increases – and not all business is bad. There's always a percentage at the low end of the distribution that we have to go correct.
J. Eric Bjornholt: Well, there's going to be another leg of that that happens when we integrate business systems, because that's generally the point in time where we actually change the contracts with the distributors that historically had sell-in revenue recognitions change them to a Microchip-like contract. And so we're targeting that now to happen in Q3. And depending on the date that we integrate, that can continue for a couple of quarters though. You're going to see bits and pieces of that for the rest of the fiscal year.
J. Eric Bjornholt: We shared the information on how the net leverage looks compared to our expectations and we're ahead of schedule there, taking the net debt to EBITDA to 3.22 at the end of June. So that's good. The planning that we did on the use of offshore cash worked very well and we're probably a little bit further ahead of schedule in terms of the timing of when all that happened and that allowed that level to leave the quarter not as high as we thought it might have been. So I think we're progressing well there. We haven't updated those targets that we provided on the net levers that we shared earlier but those are still all very achievable and we hopefully will do better and get there quicker.
