Steve Sanghi: Well we have a fairly significant and a very steady and very profitable and very good Automotive business, in which we sell microcontrollers, Analog and memory, so all our products. The $2 million to $3 million Japan impact that I described, a fair amount of that really is in the Automotive segment. And we continue for that to happen again in the June quarter, and I think recovery will begin after that. So the guess in Automotive is that June quarter would be weak. September quarter could be some recovery beginning, and then December quarter could be a significant recovery making up in the year, most of what was lost but maybe not all of it.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, so the disruption in supply chain from Japanese parts and Japanese competitors is not only going to be in automotive. As you get down here in the coming quarters, the next 2 quarters, it's going to be broad-based, consumer, industrial, automotive, telecom, everywhere. And it will be application-by-application. Certain applications that can be qualified very, very quickly and there are certain other applications like automotive that have historically taken longer. Now just last week, I was with a very, very senior executive of a very large automotive company in U.S. We'll not name beyond that. And I asked him how he sees the impact of Japan, and his answer was that when the earthquake happened on March 11 -- you usually have couple of months of supply line pass through the fab already, either the wafers are in assembly or test or finished goods or whatever. So he says the first couple of months were relatively okay. There were minor problems here and there. But the 2 months anniversary is just about coming up next week, and he expects that things to get much tighter here in the coming weeks for the next couple of quarters. So I asked him, and I said, "Well, we can help you if we can get some assistance in really getting these parts qualified." And often it takes a fair amount of time to get the parts qualified in automotive. And his answer, I was totally surprised by, he said, "Yes, it usually takes that long because you want that qualification unchanged. This time, we will want it." And I just did not expect that answer from an automotive executive when he said, "Well this time, we will want that changed very quickly and we'll help push it through." And lo and behold, we have one I definitely know of and there are few others in the works that has already qualified the parts, and we have received production orders for shipment in June. So that's as fast as it can happen but will be all at different flavors. Some will be quick and some will take longer. But I think the positive impact of that in September quarter is for sure. And I think in June quarter, is a toss up on what the negative impact would be and how much of the positive impact we can pull through.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think time will tell. We historically have held 115 days of inventory, which is really our model, although it's never really that exactly. It's either lower, and we're trying to build towards it, or it's higher and we're to reduce from it. In 115 days of inventory, we can serve our customers fairly well with short lead times. Now the question is will the customers themselves now hold higher inventory because of this crisis? My feeling is if customers had held 1, 2, 3, 4 weeks of more inventory, that really wouldn't have saved. So this is what I would call a six sigma event, almost. It just didn't happen every day, and our all-learned behaviors will go out of the window. I think it's unlikely. I think we'll get through it, and then business will continue as normal.
Steve Sanghi: Let me correct first what you've heard. We didn't say that March quarter was best first quarter ever. I said the bookings in the month of April were the best booking month ever for the first month of the quarter.
Steve Sanghi: To compare April to January; April, July and October, ever in our history, April was the best booking month. Was that somewhat impacted by people's concern regarding the Japan situation? Very likely, displacement and all that. There's a lot of moving parts, but our guidance itself for this quarter will take us to the record sales level. So for that, we should be booking at the record level, but it has started out very, very strong.
Steve Sanghi: We do not -- our Japan business is very small. So the impact, the positive impact is likely to be larger outside of Japan where the people in U.S., Europe and Asia are trying to replace the Japanese parts which they can't get. And they're likely to be in the similar mix where our current business is, and we do not expect any impact on gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: The answer to that is yes. We are getting inquiries and some look-ins in Japan also. But there's a 300-year history, and I think when this thing is all over, Japan will continue to buy from their own company first. Then other Japanese companies second and the foreigners, third. So incrementally, will it be positive? Yes, but I don't expect there'll be huge, huge change in the Japanese behavior that will last.
Steve Sanghi: Well like I said before, there are a lot of moving parts. Our guidance itself for the current quarter will take us to a record quarter. So for that, we should be booking at the rate of record booking. On the top of that, you add some situation orders on the substitution parts. And on the top of that, you add some orders from our existing customers who are trying to lock in their deliveries, and you get the result you get. We don't see a sign that people are really necessarily building an inventory anywhere.
Steve Sanghi: Well, it's not too hard to do. In our sales operating system, we have a substantial database, and we track every opportunity from discovery stage to as it goes through design wins and eventually get to order. And we have pages and pages of single sales line item as opportunities that we're tracking and investing resources to help our customers design. So we do have internal capability to model it, but it's not something we're going to share.
Steve Sanghi: I think, Sumit, we are very satisfied with our performance. Our Microcontroller business was up huge last year. We have 20 years of record of making records in the Microcontroller business every year and 82 quarters of profitability. And there are plenty of smaller and larger players that can have a good year, a bad year or hit a given market, it could be margin differences. If my business was to go down to 50% gross margin from 60.3% it was last quarter, I'm very confident you will like it. So we have a model. We are very successful. Lots of investors over long term have held our stock, and they're very, very pleased with it. You will happen to not like it, and that's how it goes, and we can't please everybody.
Steve Sanghi: What the Metal Over Cap really allows you to do is really a complete, smooth metal surface. Think of an appliance, an industrial equipment, it had any buttons, just a complete metal surface, and there are just touch spots on it, drawn out where you can touch and make the connection versus the usual touch on a screen or something required. You can do it on metal. So this is the only technology that you actually can go through pure metal to make the touch, and it's very, very required in lot of industrial applications.
Steve Sanghi: It will often depend on whether the customer is just using a part just to do touch and he has a different microcontroller for his rest of the -- call it the rest of his application, whatever he is trying to do, or he combines everything into one part, and you can really do both. In our case, our touch can be implemented in a wide variety of microcontrollers of Microchip: 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit. So it gives you much more capability to combine those 2 together, to do the main application, as well as the touch with a single microcontroller. And that will enhance the ASP. Some others provide just a fewer black box solution where you cannot fiddle with it, and it's just pure ASIC chip, and it only does touch. In that case, it will require a separate microcontroller to do the other function of your applications. And there, you would have bifurcation depending on what you can charge. So this would be kind of -- depends application-by-application and customer-by-customer.
Steve Sanghi: We're not going to get pinned down in our own guidance in the box. If you were to really be that precise, we could have just given you a number and we're not able to.
Steve Sanghi: Well the feedback was universally positive from around the world. First, in a very clear fashion, we communicated with our direct as well as distribution customers regarding Microchip was not impacted, our supply chain was not impacted. We did not have factories in Japan from where our product came. And number two, informing them that lots and lots of people are looking for substitution parts. And if I were to start committing our availability to the customers, who're looking for substitution parts, we could have a situation where my own customers who have designed in the product well ahead of time don't have the supply because I gave it to somebody else. So I asked them to give us visibility regarding what your needs are for the current quarter, so I can more appropriately assess what my excess availability is, with which then I can help the other customers. So the process has been very helpful. Some people have given us the orders, but many other people have given us forecast or visibility and other way are engaged into conversations regarding that their business continues uninterrupted, and they will need the same number of parts as last quarter, will need slightly more, or here's a new design or whatever. So I think the interaction has been very positive.
Steve Sanghi: We don't know. It's too far. There are all these questions regarding how soon the recovery from Japanese supply chain would happen, how many customers will actually complete their qualification and by parts, how many customers will remain with us afterwards. And when the Japan supply comes back, they wouldn't go back. Now the history shows that in the other industry cycles, when lead times have become very long from our competitors and Microchip through our inventory strategy, kept short lead times and we won customers, we have kept those customers, and our business has grown into every cycle. So I'm fairly confident that we'll keep a large number of customers, but we won't keep all of them. Never before in the supply chain it was as much because of Japanese parts. So that's the new thing this time. The customers in Japan and the supply of the Japanese parts. So it's a different phenomena, and we have never been here before. So we are prepared to have the availability to help our customers, and we will do a very good job for them and try to win the next design as well as keep the current design. But to project that far out and then not knowing how soon the Japanese supply lines will recover, it's very hard to answer that question.
Steve Sanghi: We do expect to see some incremental gross margin, small incremental gross margin improvement over the year, yes. It's largely driven by product mix because the microcontrollers and Analog products and licensing are largely providing bulk of the growth for the company, as our Memory business is not as strategic, and we cherry pick it and manage it for very high profitability. So over time, mix gets richer and microcontroller and Analog margins are higher.
Steve Sanghi: So Europe was up sequentially 16.5%. And usually June is a flattish quarter for them. So those are couple of pointers there, as well as product lines are concerned, we expect the microcontrollers to do very well, make it another all-time record and Analog also should do a good growth and Memory to be moderate.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the mix by product line would be better. And there's a normal improvement in gross margin by just the normal cost reductions in manufacturing yield improvements and others. So those are the positive factors. And the negative factor, as Eric earlier described, the March quarter is the weak quarter in Asia and June quarter is a very strong quarter in Asia. And Asia gross margins are lower than the rest of the world. So that's a net negative for the June quarter. When you balance it all out, I think we expect a flattish to slight improvement in the gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: And so from where we're talking about, we're basically talking about 100 basis points, and we added substantial SST business. Some of it was at the lower gross margin, which we have improved significantly and we'll continue to improve them. Well, I think, from head on, it's a slow and steady progress upwards. And I think we can get there, but we don't have a time frame.
Steve Sanghi: Well, as far as the microcontrollers is concerned, which is bulk of our business, we don't joke around pricing. We don't take pricing down when there's excess availability or recession. We don't take pricing up when there's shortage. We don't gouge our customers, and we don't really give them big breaks. These are proprietary sockets where the prices determine that the part of designing and it's a very disciplined business. For 20 years, we have followed that strategy, and that's why we have so many repeat customers, loyal customers that continue to buy from us. So from our existing customers, we will not take advantage of them to increase the price. Now when the new customers come in, who have not been our customers and they are substituting the product, then you have to forget what the market is and what you should charge them. And again, an assessment of that point in time, whether they are just opportunistic for the quarter or we could make them long-term customers. If you can make them long-term customers, then they should have a fair price.
Steve Sanghi: No, Gil, we are not willing to give you a range. We gave a range for calendar '10 and fiscal '11, if you recall, that didn't do us any good. It didn't make us any friends and we blew those numbers away. When we gave a range, everybody said the numbers were not doable, and we blew those targets away and they're substantially better. So we missed our own number because we did much better. And do we have an internal plan? Sure, we do.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. We fully expect to continue to gain market share in 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit and Analog. And we did gain market share in all those product lines individually, as well as collectively in fiscal year '10, fiscal year '11.
Steve Sanghi: Well, microcontroller is over a $1 billion business, and Analog was I don't know what it was for the year, $180 million or so. So the sizes are quite different, so that's one. If you compare Analog to some of the smaller segments of the Microcontroller business, like 16-bit or 32-bit or even the high-end Analog then they grew very significantly similarly. So when you combine the entire microcontrollers, then you add a very large amount of legacy business to it, and obviously, $1 billion business then is harder to compare against generating $80 million growth business. Secondly, as we are growing significantly on 16-bit and 32-bit, our 16-bit doubled the last year, and 32-bit more than tripled the last year. They have significant more Analog around the microcontrollers in those applications than the 8-bit did. So our opportunity on the new designs is significantly higher. And with our broad Analog portfolio, we're taking advantage of it.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. The end market, we don't have any commentary, as Ganesh said we're going to have over 600 customers and pretty much covers every end market. The ARM versus MIPS -- customers going by ARM or customers going by MIPS or by microcontrollers. And if you look at the EE Times survey that just came out 2 weeks ago, our PIC32 solution outranked every single microcontroller manufacturer in the 32-bit category in microcontroller applications, which are 100 megahertz or lower. Every single supplier of microcontroller that uses ARM or anybody else. And that's the right competition. We compete against manufacturers of 32-bit microcontrollers. We don't compete against ARM. And against that competition, we beat everyone of them, every single competitor was below us, in customers telling what are they likely to use for the next design. You should see that slide, we'll be showing it next time, anybody goes in the conference, that will be in our presentation, that slide. So it's impressive.
Steve Sanghi: Well, one of the questions I often get is like with such strength and really having a multibillion dollar Analog business that the acquiree is going to really have. What's going to happen to all the smaller guys? Is there room for Analog, or does everybody get squeezed out? My feeling is that, that not really happen. If that was to be the case, then, Microchip will have never made its mark in the Microcontroller business and even in the last 10 years building $180 million Analog business, lots and lots and lots of competitors were there. So in the semiconductor industry, it has never squeezed the little guy there are always opportunities where we have a differentiated product, we do a better job, we bundle it with a micro and other -- so we only expect our Analog opportunities to increase because it replaces where a customer still wants 2 sources and they were buying from 2 of them and things like that. And in any consolidation of such large businesses you're going to find places where the acquire screws up and we have acquired complete [ph] ourselves and 100% of things don't go right. So we're looking for this to be opportunity for us than a problem.
Steve Sanghi: Well, April, May, June is probably the most linear quarter. March quarter gets screwed up because of the Lunar New year. Summer quarter gets screwed up because of holidays in August in Europe and in October, November, December quarter has so many holidays in November and December. So this is probably the most normal quarter. But a phenomenal quarter every year also, so the data we gave you that the bookings were all time record for first month, that's a fact.
Steve Sanghi: Yes it can aid out. So you really have to look at bottoms up how many customers want the product delivered and scheduled in the current quarter, from the bookings, from existing backlog and from the expectation of what the customers have told us what they may be buying, plus you have to estimate that this sales out [ph]. So it's really a fairly complicated equation.
Steve Sanghi: Okay. Thanks to all the investors and analysts. There are a few conferences coming up this quarter. So some of our executives will be seeing you at those conferences and otherwise, we'll see you in this call next quarter. Thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's in a broad base of embedded applications that we're in. They are used in industrial applications. They are used in automotive applications. Any number of devices that have a graphical interface that can sometimes need a touch interface to them, those are all the things we have interest. We have 700, 800 applications that are in production with our touch technologies, and they are the most mundane of applications that you would expect at all our standard embedded applications. So anything about a cell phone, tablet kind of application is one we're interested and one that fits with our business model.
Ganesh Moorthy: Our lead times really have not changed. They're not pushing out, and a lot depends on how much backlog gets placed. But anticipating some of the growth that Steve described from these dislocations, we are preparing for it, and we expect lead times will be stable.
Ganesh Moorthy: So Development Tools are really not the best indicator to reflect on what Japan specific activity would be. Clearly, if we had new customers who have not used our products before, development tools will pick up there. But there's nothing in that trend that would give us information to predict what is going to happen as a result of Japan. It's really the customer engagements, the opportunity-by-opportunity that we're working, the places where we know timelines that they're working to complete designs, go to production, and that's really where we see the Japan upside coming from.
Ganesh Moorthy: You're absolutely correct. We just, in fact, earlier this week is when the award was given to us. It's a specific implementation of touch called, Metal Over Cap, and what it provides is an ability to do capacitive touch on a range of different materials. So this is a touch technology, not touchscreen, this is touch for buttons and sliders and that type of thing. It just extends the range of touch capabilities we're providing. This being the most recent innovation that we brought to market that has a lot of customer success and now some critical acclaim as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: I don't expect the distribution in inventory to make any major change in either direction. Whether it was down today or up today, those are minor movements. It largely will depend on how much they're able to sell it out and take advantage of the upside and if they sell out a lot, it could down a little bit or it could go up a little bit, it will be the same. So I would not taken any start in it.
Ganesh Moorthy: Clearly, there is some overlap in the customers, but not in necessarily in the given opportunity. I think the way to think about it is as we have brought more 32-bit solutions to the market, it actually opens up more 16-bit possibilities at a given customer because in some cases, where we came to a new customer who didn't buy anything from us starts up on a 32-bit, has another project that they work on and they say having tried of 32-bit, a 16-bit may be the right solution for the next one. So in the end, we want to sell customers 8s, 16s or 32s, whatever is right for their solution. But I don't think any 16-bit opportunity is being lost with 32-bit or vice versa. There are different needs, we find the right solution for a given need, and you position the product that best solves what the customer is trying to do.
J. Bjornholt: No, Jim, there isn't anything that I would highlight specifically but we obviously are continuing to focus on getting the correct resources in place to drive our R&D and sales activities for the long haul. So we are at the low end of what our range is. And yes, that's what we're guiding to, again, for the June quarter.
J. Bjornholt: It's not so much product, but there were certain range of packages that they were doing for us. There are multiple products that might fit into those packages. There were microcontrollers, there were memory products, so it was just a range of our products in a specific set of packages that they were making.
J. Bjornholt: Yes, the one point I would add is if I look at the aging for the bookings that are coming in, there's nothing abnormal in the aging that we are seeing. So it does look like what we would have seen in a normal April, with an elevated level of risk the bookings are coming in.
J. Bjornholt: No. We have never been end market focused on these things. We have 3,700 customers in 16-bit. Almost 600 customers on 32-bit. They spread across a wide range of applications and across all the end markets we serve. And that's exactly how we like the business to be.
J. Bjornholt: So maybe the most positive way to think about this is we're getting looks from many customers that have been strongholds for some of the competitive products that we did not have an opportunity to engage with before. And I think that's where the long-term benefits will come from.
J. Bjornholt: No. I think the one thing I will point out this last quarter, which helped us beat our guidance was that it was a very good product mix. Right? So our microcontroller division has grew. The licensing division grew, and the memory products were down. And then Asia, which tends to have a little lower gross margin than the rest of the business, was down because of the Lunar New Year. Now if Asia pops back this quarter with -- and not being a holiday period, that has a negative impact on gross margin. You can see that we are guiding to be up just slightly to a 60.3% non-GAAP gross margin this quarter. But then yes, I would say that's kind of a normal activity to seasonality that we've seen historically.
J. Bjornholt: So this charge in the last quarter relates to the business that we licensed to PCT, as part of the SST restructuring. There was product that we started with our foundry partners and anticipation of PCT's product needs. And that market that they service for these products, that they sell into has not performed well over the last several quarters. And it turns out that PCT does not need to purchase that inventory from us. So there's been a reduction in demand in the market, which drove us to have a charge for inventory for that particular operation.
J. Bjornholt: We have on the order of 65% or so of our assembly, we do in-house, the bounce of it gets done through the subcontractors and a much higher percentage of our test is also been in-house. We have no issues at this point with respect to back end capacity and the addition of MMT further secures our back end capacity for the coming months.
