Ganesh Moorthy: Well, the June and September were stronger quarters for Atmel as well as for Microchip and you have seen pretty strong June and September quarters for the last couple of years since we have had Atmel in both quarters. And you've seen the December quarter slightly stronger than our historic seasonality as we just reported. And what their results is significant difference in the March quarter seasonality where Microchip was historically up for 2.5% to 2.75%, and Atmel was down a whopping 7.8%. And that's really when you combine it together, that's what results into a minus 1% seasonality.
Ganesh Moorthy: So Atmel had many business units. It was just not one business, it was microcontrollers and memory and defense and aerospace and RF and automotive and wireless and other businesses. We had broad based challenges on the Atmel business, and every quarter certain products, certain business units get help you on that. And we have been guiding from the very beginning that we expect this to take until about June of this year for it to – all business to get healthy and that really hasn't changed. So as we speak right now, there is largely, I would say, one-and-a-half business units that are still having significant challenges. Most of the others are in the very tail end where a large amount of problems have been resolved. And this last one-and-a-half business unit largely chose the testing platforms to be the one that you cannot acquire any more of. These were very old testers of 1970, 1980 vintage that should have been obsoleted prior to the year 2000. And 20 years later they're still running, but they're not running, they're not running well. And the capacity on them is going down not up because every quarter you've got to take one of it down to use for spare parts because you cannot buy anymore, so therefore the capacity is decreasing not increasing. So we are bringing that testing up on those products on more modern testers or microchip platforms, but that process is painful and then qualification of customers, many of those are automotive customers. So that is the process we've been going through for the last year-and-a-half, and I think during which we have grown the business, results have been great, lead times have been slowly coming down, but some of the remaining challenges remain and we think we need another five months to get it all behind.
Ganesh Moorthy: Automotive should do very well. Industrial should do very well. In some markets you have kind of brand new budgets coming in, in the New Year. The only market that is soft which is driving a minus 1% guidance is because of the Atmel seasonality which is usually down almost 8%, and that is driven by some of the consumer markets. Everything else should be good.
Ganesh Moorthy: So lead times are running – if I look at the December quarter in the 4-week to about 14-week window. So if you remember, we had – at the peak of this, we've had between 4 and 20 weeks and we have started out the capacity has come on board as we're able to get our manufacturing to respond. We've been bringing that down and we fully expect that it gets a little bit farther down in the March quarter, maybe closer to about 10, 11 weeks at the top end, and then gets down to between 4 and 8 weeks which is what we would consider to be normal on about 90% of our standard line items by the June quarter, right about on the same timeline we established about a couple of quarters ago.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the transition we're going through is some of our analog business was connectivity business when it either got originally created or if it came to us from an acquisition, was largely all analog in its functionality and therefore classified as analog. As time went on, if you look at a customer's system, we then begin to see what are the other functions that are on that customer's system. And often there are microcontrollers that are there to be able to take advantage of that analog. What we did some time back was create a new set of products which effectively combined the microcontroller and the analog into a single product. And as we go win new designs – and by the way, sometimes that microcontroller was ours, in other cases the microcontroller was somebody else's. But when you take a complete solution, which is a single chip which has the microcontroller and the analog, particularly in some of these smart connectivity solutions and there's a fair amount of software that we provide, the combined solution is a far more defensible, far higher margin and far more sticky business that we have. So it creates the right answer and we don't think ahead of time should we create products that fall into analog or fall into microcontroller. We're doing what we think we need to do to be able to grow, protect and have high profitability on the products we have. So that's one part of the headwind you're seeing, so to speak, by classifying it as microcontroller versus analog. But the other side of the tailwind that is coming, and I think we will see it progress along is the standard analog products that we've had, as they get attached around our microcontroller, our new designs as we have talked about the total system solution and the whole Microchip 2.0 approach of going to market. The remaining analog products will, over time, get back some of that tailwind and have that growth. And there's a bit of cross-currents between some of the analog that is moving to microcontroller for the right reasons, and the new analog designs that will come in and give us growth. But in the long run, we fully expect that analog will be a part of the growth story for Microchip.
Ganesh Moorthy: So I want to be clear that the improvement in the results are not from recent signings. Signings took place multiple years ago after which you have to go install the technology, qualify the technology, allow the technology to ramp, and then have that ramp generate royalty revenue. And royalty is the substantially larger portion of the revenue that we get from the licensing business. And that continues to layer in as by either foundry or IDM that we license it to by node that it is licensed, and it can also change based on how a given process node succeeds or doesn't succeed. So much like in our IC designs where you have to get those designs early and then work with the customer to realize the revenue, it can take 24 months, 36 months. Licensing has a similar kind of thing where what you're seeing in today's benefit are things we did one, two, three years ago. And we continue to have new licenses that we are getting signed off that will create future growth, and I think we expect licensing will contribute to the overall growth that Microchip has, and of course at a much higher level of profitability.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yeah. It avoids commoditization of the individual products when you can take a complete solution and have this (00:56:23) show the customer the value in doing that.
Ganesh Moorthy: It's both. So let's take one example which probably you have but you're not familiar with. Your car has a USB hub in it. And depending on the vintage of your car, that is a hub that has progressed over time from at one time being largely an analog-only solution to today being a smart connectivity solution where that hub has a way to recognize what is being attached to it, has a way to either be a slave or a master. It has a way to control your display, and of course, power the devices connected to it. So it's a far smarter hub today than it was several years ago. Several years ago we would've called that an analog product. And as the new designs have gone into production, those we would call as a microcontroller product.
Ganesh Moorthy: You can take those same general examples and apply it to Ethernet to CAN, to various forms of wireless and so on and so forth.
Ganesh Moorthy: The number of competitors continues to be reasonably – a reasonable number of good strong competitors. We have continued to move up that ranking and so we have been gaining share in all of these product lines, including the overall microcontrollers as well. Some of these competitors have had various challenges relative to either their capacity. In some cases they're being acquired or not, so there have been those kind of things that are taking place there. But microcontrollers remains a competitive product line, a competitive market and I think that more rational actors today than they were perhaps five years ago. And they are responding, in some cases more so, or in some cases less so to the consolidation that's taking place, and that certainly helps as well. So nothing dramatic to report that is different about our competitive dynamics in microcontrollers.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So, I mean, on the gross margin front it's more of the same of what we've been talking about over the past year in terms of investing and the assembly and test and bringing more of that in-house, and we're making progress on that front. We've deployed a lot of capital over the last couple of quarters, we had more coming in this quarter as we talked about in my prepared remarks on the $50 million to $60 million of capital coming in. So that will continue to add to the gross margin improvement over time. We've got good utilization in our wafer fabs and all those things are making our cost structure very favorable. At a midpoint of guidance here of about 61.5% gross margin, we've got about a 1% improvement to go to get to the target model, and we're confident that we're going to get there with all these initiatives that we have.
J. Eric Bjornholt: Yeah. And you can see from the guidance that we had on our release, we think we're going to continue to be within our inventory target range of 115 to 120 days in the quarter that we're in right now, so I think inventory is well managed.
J. Eric Bjornholt: And maybe I'll add to that on a geographic basis, this will be a strong quarter for Europe. It always is, just many more shipping days in the quarter without the holidays. Asia is the most challenged just because of the Chinese New Year, and Americas should do pretty well.
J. Eric Bjornholt: It's also the balance of (00:49:36) and profitability. So we've got to make sure that the investments for growth are there so that it's not just profitability but without any growth.
J. Eric Bjornholt: So we haven't gone through our annual operating plan process for fiscal 2019 yet so we're not ready to give a number on that as it is. We have made significant investments as last year, we have goals to bring the assembly and tests that we do internally hire and that will require investment. But I don't think we're ready to give – provide the street with a number yet for next year's CapEx. Still going to be a small percentage of overall net sales.
Steve Sanghi: And same thing on the operating margin, we just reported 39.4%, and our long-term model is 40%. And we're fairly confident that most of that gross margin will fall through and we're going to be in that range.
Steve Sanghi: So the inventory was pretty much right on target what we had guided to and what we achieved. The turns rate in December quarter was not soft. We beat the December quarter from the midpoint of our guidance so I don't think there was any issue in terms of our bookings in December quarter, which will have changed the inventory.
Steve Sanghi: Well, if our inventories get below 100, then we don't have usually all the right product in the right place and all the permutations and combinations and SKUs and permutations and combinations and SKUs and flavors available, and then you go on support and you're expediting and you're going to have a lot of manufacturing challenges. When you are in the 115, 120 days of inventories and I think we can manage our business reasonably well. I mean, I wouldn't distinguish between 115, 120 or a few days left or a few days even more than that on the outer side. But we don't want to have – keep going, like you said, to have 135, 140, 150 days of inventory, because then you're not really making the right use of that inventory. We don't need that much inventory and you have the opposite risk of obsolescence where certain products, customer changes are flavored. They want to use a different package and we packaged it in and we want to keep most of the inventory and die (00:30:23) inventory. And when you do that, then its dollar value doesn't grow as much versus if you put it in the finished goods. So I think that's well-tried over the years, that's really the right kind of number. And when we are lower than that, we're trying to grow inventory, when we are higher than that we're trying to decrease inventory, and that's kind of still the right number.
Steve Sanghi: So picking up on the soft landing scenario, I think I would say we've pretty much demonstrated it. We're on the tail end of it. So March quarter is right at seasonality combining Atmel and Microchip together. And if June quarter grows from here, June, September are stronger quarters, then we kind of just right went through soft landing and getting back to kind of seasonality and March quarter is up 9% year-over-year. And right in the upper end of that range that we had given you and over time it gets into the middle maybe or something around that. I mean, we're not minus 10%, we're not correcting like some of the people thought we will.
Steve Sanghi: By the way, if a pure analog company adds a microcontroller core to another complex product to improve performance or programmability or for any other reason, they would still call it an analog product. If exact same product existed in Maxim or Linear or Intercell or – they'll call it an analog product. But same product, if it has a microcontroller core, we put it in microcontrollers, so it's a classification difference. It doesn't change the value proposition. At the end, we have a better total solution for the customer, more sticky socket, higher ASP, higher margins and overall growing the revenue.
Steve Sanghi: It's certainly, as Ganesh described, it has some headwind because of that. Because of that classification, it puts a little tailwind on the microcontroller, a little headwind on the analog. How it will manifest itself longer-term next quarter or the quarter after and all that, we don't really yet know. It's a new phenomenon. I mean, we manage the company in an overall growth and we don't really care where you put it.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. Swinging for the fences. We had a focus on large account in consumer segment, swinging for the fences and some you win, some you lose, and gross margins are lower and all that. So we very largely changed the focus on where the future retention is. And true, it's automotive, it's industrial, in other areas and less on the consumer accounts. But it didn't change the existing flavor of those parts in the last several quarters till those designs were obsolete and the new designs we are focused on come to fruition. So a large majority of the margin structure change has come from improvement of pricing, disciplined pricing, dramatic cost reduction in the fab, assembly test, bringing a lot of those parts inside, reducing a large portion of the expenses, just doing the whole job overall better and rationalizing R&D, rationalizing manufacturing. But you cannot change the flavor of the business regarding what segments of business is in seven quarters. You barely touch it in seven quarters.
Steve Sanghi: We are really not thinking any differently. Post U.S. tax reform, the cash becomes easily movable from offshore that really was not easily movable before because it was permanently invested offshore. But our priorities have not changed. We continue to believe our priorities are investing in M&A first, dividend second, and our stock buyback only opportunistically. So those have not changed.
Steve Sanghi: So I don't have the number for June quarter. It's a good question. We should have thought about it. I don't have it off the cuff. But you have seen strong June quarters for the last two years, you've seen strong September quarters for the last two years, and then you have seen stronger than historical December quarters. March quarter is right at seasonality. So it's really – that's what I'm seeing where it has landed. Therefore, the June quarter is below seasonal. If that's your concern, we think the June quarter should be pretty good, June quarter should be strong.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. And that where it should be, that means the lead times are short, people can get their product. We still have some challenges on the Atmel side in about one-and-a-half business units like I talked about and those are built-in analyses, and that part of it we still need to soft land. But it's largely there, I think. I think it's right over the runway.
Steve Sanghi: So I think what we do not want to do is on any parameter when we are above the target, or in the case of operating expense where we are below the target, then we suck that in and make that as a new target and keep thinking that the other one has to go higher. And then the operating margin goes over 40%, and then we say, well, how high is the target. The peak can't be the target. The business will oscillate over good times and bad times and very strong environments and weaker environments. 40% is a long-term target. Can it temporarily in good times go over 40%? The answer is yes, but there'll be equal times when a business is in recession and software will be less than 40%. So if you're really doing the math like you did, you're saying, well gross margin is about 100 basis points away from target and operating expenses already at target, wouldn't our operating margin go higher? Well, the answer to that is yes but that's not long-term, that's temporary. It might go there. But during huge growth we have had last year, fiscal year 2017 or 2018, we grew 13.7% or a number like that. During that same time, expenses do not keep up and you get on the lower end of the expenses. And when the business moderates sometime, then the expenses catch up a little bit because otherwise, you're not able to hire people enough in a very, very strong time. So again, you've got to give it a flex. And as managers, we don't want to be in such a tight box that every little slack, you suck it in. And then we're in such a small box, then we're just missing point one here and point two there. So think of that way. On a pure math basis, can the operating margins go higher? Yes, temporarily. We're not willing to yet admit that the longer-term margins could be higher than 40%. And the second piece of that is still the M&A strategy. I have never bought a business that makes 40% operating margin or 39.5% where we are. So whenever we buy a business, it's usually much lower, then you have to understand the flavor of its business, can we improve its growth? Can we improve its operating expense? Where does it go? And then a blended margin comes up, and usually most acquisitions result into a blended margin to be slightly lower. For example, Microchip's operating margins are still several hundred bps above the Atmel flavor of the business, so it's 39.5% total, but Microchip is well above 40% and Atmel is much lower than 40% and we're still improving it. And some of the Atmel may never get where Microchip is and we were quite honest from the beginning and say, we'll improve it substantially. We have gone from Atmel breakeven to in the mid-30%s, but it can't match mid-40%s where Microchip might be. And I'm just putting fat brackets here and not giving you where the breakdown is. So I don't know whether that helps, but don't keep making our box smaller and smaller, please, we need some room to operate.
Steve Sanghi: I would say though that on the effect of licensing on the margin, licensing is a $100 million business. So a $100 million business at a higher gross margin than Microchips overall, but Microchip is at a $4 billion dollar run rate roughly. It's just really a small needle mover. There are equal number of other various business units where certain products are much higher gross margins, certain other products are less gross margin, and the mix moves forward and sometimes one has a stronger growth, the other has strong growth. True, licensing business is accretive to the gross margin, but at $100 million or a $400 million, it doesn't dominate.
Steve Sanghi: That's kind of what threw everybody off. Last quarter was very noisy. The – not the last quarter, March quarter last year was very noisy. We had just gone go live on January 1. There were a bunch of orders that were pushed out into the quarter. There were just – there were a lot of moving parts and there was a large amount of delinquency we had carried in the prior quarter of December, some of it we were able to meet. We were new to that business. It was the first March quarter we had had. Atmel had also left a fair amount of pricing and all that on the table. We talked about it and we were seeing a significant impact of price increases we had done which matched some of the seasonality. There were just way too many moving parts.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. I mean, not that environment is weak now though, but it's certainly not as strong as a year ago. So I think that's what threw everybody else off. And...
Steve Sanghi: Well, I mean, the answer to that is yes. I mean, I don't know if the ASPs continuously go up, but we are severely resisting the pressure to give year-over-year declines in large majority of the cases we're succeeding and are able to hold our ASPs, plus as we add a microcontroller intelligence to analog, as we attach analog around microcontroller will be more input into the customer to have a total solution. In general, you can bundle and it's more sticky and it helps ASP. All that is happening. But I mean, semiconductor ASPs do not constantly go up. I think if you can have them not go down, that will be good enough.
Steve Sanghi: Well, across 115,000-plus customers, a vast majority of the customers we don't have Microchip FAEs involved. You just can't have that many employees covers, so there is a large amount of effort in us building reference designs, documenting, training on the web, training in person. W train 30,000 engineers around the world in various masters' conferences, seminars and webinars and onsite customer training. So there is a – Microchip is huge. Microchip is a very vast training organization teaching our customers how to do it. And then, there is a lot of self-start help and all that where customers are designing a product. Vast majority of Microchip's customers, you do not have a Microchip FAE involved in helping them in their design. There's a Microchip FAE involved in overall general training with which they do their design. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to have enough people.
Steve Sanghi: Well, the problem is we count the revenue where the product is shipped not where the product is designed. So manufacturing largely keeps moving out of Americas, and I don't know whether it will change in the coming years. So when you look at 5% Americas growth, it artificially understates it when internally we look at the revenue in the Americas counting back the revenue which was generated in America and shipped overseas and Americas growth was great. It was just as good as any other geography. It wasn't weak.
Steve Sanghi: You could take a different market – take a thermostat, a large number of thermostats nationwide, you can access them now through your phone or pad. I know I can access the thermostats in my house on my phone remotely while traveling, turn the temperature off or down or up. Or if I'm going to be on business for longer than was anticipated, I can keep the house turned off. Those are all connectivity solutions where you're doing it wirelessly. And it would have a micro Wi-Fi or a micro and a Bluetooth, for example, on the same chip, rather than two chips. The large number of speakers in the home, you don't connect them anymore. You simply Bluetooth it from your phone into the speaker and the sound is coming. You don't really access the music through a box or something anymore these days. I mean, you can still do that, most times you access the music through the phone and just Bluetooth into any of the speakers in your home. That's connectivity wirelessly.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. As we are driving our business, we are modeling our business and looking at the impact of 2.0, those are the targets we are driving towards.
Steve Sanghi: Last year, all three businesses were very strong. If you look at just on a quarterly basis, March quarter has the Chinese New Year, so Asian business in the current quarter is always weak. European business in the March quarter, they're the strongest geography in the March quarter, and America is normal. If you look at the December quarter, usually with all the holidays and all that, Europe and America businesses were weak, and Asia business was okay. So each quarter, it's kind of slightly different. When you go to June quarter, Asia business rebounds strongly from Chinese New Year quarter of March to June. I don't know if that helps.
Steve Sanghi: John, I don't know, I think this March quarter Atmel seasonality last year kind of threw everybody off, I would say including us. And as we really dove into it and looked at our backlog and look at the business and then analyzed prior five years of Atmel business and the behavior of these large swinging for the fences accounts and design wins, the last year's performance kind of threw it off and those accounts still had a problem last year. But it was kind of overcome by the general halo of price increases and a lot of under-marketing of AVRs and all that that Atmel had done and where we improved the position, stronger distribution, and things like that. So the number of things last year kind of threw it off, and I guess all of us together somehow didn't quite capture the blended March seasonality. So that's what we are adjusting to. So give us a little time to get our feet back on the earth and really see what effect it has on the rest of the quarter. I mean, economy is not bad, bookings are not bad, the business is not bad. We're getting strong turns, our inventory is right. We're not in a massive inventory correction mode of any kind. There's really no problem in business. We're doing well. And when you do the calculation like we have shared, we are right on target. But obviously...
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. So they're just responding to us shipping into a more orderly fashion. If you recall, last March to last June, the bookings were not any stronger, the book-to-bill was exactly the same because we informed the customers of lead time, they responded with higher orders out in time to respond to their lead time. And as the lead times have come in, then customers that are adjusting to their lower lead time and don't have to place outer bookings which is then lowering the book-to-bill ratio, and now it's at parity and it's moderating so customers are essentially giving us as many bookings as they need and don't have to give huge bookings out in time. This is almost perfect landing, I think, so far. The only difference, I think, street had higher expectations for March looking at March seasonality last year which was kind of typical Microchip, and basically there were lots of other factors in the business, pricing and others which match that seasonality. And this year, December to March, we can't.
Steve Sanghi: And obviously, result is some of the other quarters have to be stronger and I think they will be and hopefully they will be. Certainly, last year they were/ March, June, September, December, they were all stronger, and this year should be the same. Next couple of quarters should be stronger because of that March seasonality.
Steve Sanghi: Microcontrollers business is up, I think almost, 19% last year. It was higher than Microchip's growth and higher than the industry growth in that segment. Based on FIA numbers, we gained share in all three 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit, and I shared with you the overall share gain by 90 bps almost. So I think things are good.
Steve Sanghi: I don't really know if just gaining share by price has ever worked in microcontroller. These are complex parts, and over time we have shown surveys when you ask a customer what do you consider for choosing a microcontroller, the most frequent answer is the ecosystem, the tools, the support, qualities, the reliability, the customer, the samples, development tools and everything else. Price is one other factor. So these are not commodity products, it takes two years for the customer to go to production after they have made the device selection. So price has never been really the way to gain share, but there were players in the market that were irresponsive. They will drop the price too quickly and not stand up and fight to really maintain their price. And some of those have disappeared or some of those have become better and more responsible. But overall, I don't think price has been a mechanism to gain share in the market ever.
Steve Sanghi: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining our conference call and we'll see some of you on the road at the various conferences we might go to. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
