Ganesh Moorthy: So on lead times, the vast majority of our line items still have a 4- to 8-week type of lead times for standard products. There are specific package combinations that do have longer lead times. What is happening is, for the factors that I described, it is eating into multiple layers of the supply chain, so into the packaging and some of the subassembly involved in the packaging and into the testing infrastructure as many of these things come together at the same time. So we don't have huge issues with supply issues, but we have spot issues with specific package product combinations where they are. But by and large, for the vast majority of our products, we still have pretty good lead times. Go ahead, Eric. 
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. They move a little bit more slowly over time, and we expect that they will probably be in the north of 60% longer-term for assembly probably north of 70% for test. And there's a lot of moving parts into going into that. But that's what we like to be at. It gives us some control. It gives us capacity when it's difficult to get outside, gives us some control on our costs as well. And it all pays for itself in short periods of time in the way we measure what we do or don't do. 
Ganesh Moorthy: Sure. So in the FPGA market, we play specifically in the midrange of FPGAs, which is measured by how many logic elements there are in it. We don't go after the very high end. There are other players who are invested there. But in the midrange and lower end, we focus on applications that need low power. We have nonvolatile memory on these products that have security needs, that have robustness needs. And those take us into end markets that we really like. Those end markets are defense and aerospace. They're automotive, now with Microchip taking FPGA products into our historical strength, and industrial, once again, Microchip taking FPGA into our historical strength. So those are the end markets that we believe we're able to take, over the long term, the advantages of what we bring with our FPGA products in terms of low power, security, robustness and being able to position it into the markets where we have the strengths. 
Ganesh Moorthy: So we are part of the RISC-V foundation through the Microsemi acquisition. It had started before us. The first point of implementation is on the FPGA SoC product lines. And we did introduce that, as you noted. There are many possibilities with RISC-V, and they are being evaluated within Microchip, but there's really nothing to report at this point beyond what we have done on FPGA. 
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. So our application was within the last month. It is a very uncertain process of how it navigates through department of commerce and whoever else would have to weigh in on it. I think it's impossible to give you an estimate of what might happen and when and what would it mean. The business with Huawei has many products and is not just a single license. We would need multiple licenses, and each one has a separate application you'd have to go through. And we have a prioritized process that we're going through with it. Given the uncertainty of the process, we did not believe trying to count on any revenue made sense. And once we have line of sight to the license, we would still need to work with Huawei on what they would need, when we would be able to ship the product to be able to provide any kind of guidance on what does it mean to our business. 
Ganesh Moorthy: When we think of the edge, it all comes around the mega trend of artificial intelligence and machine learning that we have spoken about. And we think of that in 3 different buckets, so to speak. There's a part of it which is the best known for many people, which is what happens in the cloud. And that is the domain of many people who have very large and highly processor-intensive compute. We do play in the cloud, but our role in the cloud is predominantly around PCIe switches and a few other things that are associated with how CPUs, GPUs from other companies [ are taught ]. The edge is the second part, and edge is an exceptionally important part as you think of factory automation and the industrial IoT because at that edge compute for the factory is where much of that machine learning is going to be taking place and the application of artificial intelligence.  There, we have introduced using FPGA as one of the platforms, a number of solutions. Smart embedded vision is one piece of that, which can go into machine vision for factories, physical security, medical vision, depending on that end application. But surrounding these products are many of our standard products, too. It needs microcontrollers, analog, security, things that process. And then the third element of artificial intelligence machine learning we're looking at is all the way to the end where the sensing is taking place. And there again, we're looking at our standard microcontrollers and some of the other products as to how can they do, to a lesser extent, but what is exactly needed at the end nodes, the learning and the inferencing that is needed using standard microcontroller.  So it's a much bigger field than just the edge alone in terms of our interest. But certainly, FPGA at the edge is a key part of how we intend to prosecute that. 
Ganesh Moorthy: So the general comment would be that it affects the supply chain of people who are packaging product, their supply chain, which can be lead frames, it can be substrates, can be equipment that does bonding and various other things. And so it may not be things that we are directly involved in, but it consumes bandwidth and capacity of the supply chain, both directly what we deal with and then their supply chain as well. And so all of these compete in many cases for either the materials or the equipment capacity that is out there that we would otherwise be using. And then as we go to use them, we find that, in some cases, they're constrained. We've been able to manage through a lot of it. We do have second sources for some of these things, and we do have a lot of internal capability. And as Eric mentioned, we are accelerating, bringing more capacity internal for some of the package types.  So what normally happens in business is, when you have these constraints, the companies that are in the business of providing that capacity or that material, respond with what they can do to take advantage of that situation. And so there is a capacity response that they come with. Some of it also, it's possible that there could be a surge in demand that then begins to dissipate. We can't really predict where that is. But we think that they're all going to be constrained through the December quarter, and it's possible some of that will spill over into the March quarter as well. But I don't have any line of sight into exactly when all the constraints will dissipate. 
Ganesh Moorthy: Yes. And it doesn't move dramatically quarter-to-quarter. What we have shown publicly measured at the end of March for the prior year was that industrial was 28% of our revenue. Automotive was 15% of our revenue. Obviously, in the June quarter, there was more headwinds in those 2 end markets, but I don't really have a number. And then those are all reversing as we went into the September quarter and into the December quarters itself. So those end market percentages for us usually don't change that dramatically over time. And then I'll pass it back on the other part of the question. 
J. Bjornholt: Okay. The second piece of your question was there was -- it was kind of multifaceted there, but we've got some capacity questions. So we are making investments, as we walked through in our prepared remarks, in wafer fab, assembly and tests to increase our capacity. And if you look at last quarter, we did about 39% of our wafer fab in-house, 47% of our assembly and about 54% of our tests. These are relatively slow-moving metrics even with making investments. But over time, we absolutely would expect the assembly and test percentages to go up as we make these investments. But again, they're relatively slow-moving metrics. But the investments that we're making are all gross margin accretive. And you can see that our gross margin, we're guiding up in the current quarter, and we are expecting lower underutilization charges in the current quarter as we ramp our factories. And all these incremental adds to capacity that we're making, whether it's fab assembly or test, should all add to gross margin benefits for us down the road. 
J. Bjornholt: Maybe just want to clarify one thing Steve said there. He mentioned the letter to customers in March. It was actually in July. I know that's what he meant to said, but just for the record. 
J. Bjornholt: So as we have said many times, FPGA is a more lumpy business. Trajectory-wise, if you plot the last many quarters, you'll find that it is up and to the right. Quarter-to-quarter, there are going to be changes depending on which lumpy business is coming through or is delayed for whatever reason, and that's what you will continue to see. But if you look at it over 8, 9, 10 quarters, you'll see that it is up and to the right as an overall FPGA business for us. 
J. Bjornholt: Yes. I mean we've been generating a bunch of cash each quarter. We indicated that we expect about a $300 million debt paydown in the current quarter. There's some positives and negatives. Obviously, if revenue is growing, we're going to throw off more operating margin, and we are specifically trying to invest a bit more in capital as we talked about. So our CapEx was extremely low in both the June and September quarters, and it's going to be higher here in December and March so a bit of an offset. But I would expect $300 million-plus range. And as the business environment improves, that's only going to go up. So we're making really good progress on debt paydown and expect that to continue. And you mentioned the 3x or less, and that's what we're looking for, looking to be an investment-grade rated company. And over time, we will absolutely get there. 
J. Bjornholt: So in terms of when the capacity comes online, it depends whether it's wafer fab, assembly or test. And so it just depends on what qualification we have to go through and the work that needs to be done in our factory. So it comes on gradually over time. I don't view it at all as any sort of headwind to gross margin. It's just a matter of can we get it installed and up and running and get product out the door. So I think gross margin is in good shape. I didn't make a specific comment on gross margin for the March quarter. So I want to make it clear, we were just speaking about the current quarter, but there are lots of things that we're doing in our business and not the least of which is if we get into a better revenue environment as we look forward into '21, that's going to do very good things for our gross margin, and we'll continue to evaluate the long-term model because we're getting close. 
J. Bjornholt: Right. The amount in the June quarter was $2.8 million, and you'll see that in our press release, but there was nothing that we broke out separately because it was immaterial to the September quarter results. 
Steve Sanghi: With the Micrel, Microsemi and Atmel acquisitions, we were at about 70% assembly and 95% test. So as we bought these 2 large companies, Atmel and Microsemi, they were much more outsourced than we were and our percentages dropped quite dramatically. And we've been working our way up and ideally would like to get back to the higher than 60% assembly and probably higher than 80% test, but it's a painful and slow transition because there's just too many variants, too many packages, too many test programs to correlate and all that. So it's an ongoing effort that will go on for years, but there are really no quick movements. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, what gives us the confidence is really we have worked through all the -- if you go back to February, March time frame, many of the estimates that the analysts and investors had were a very, very large drop because of COVID, of the type of 20%, 30%. Many people were modeling the business like the 2009 global financial crisis. Even some of our competitors were. We saw it clearly, and we were not modeling the business to be down that much. And we were right, our business was up in March. It was down only 1.3% sequentially in June. It is flat in September. And it's going up in December. So we kind of have been relatively more correct than anybody else. We are seeing substantial backlog building up. The backlog for the current quarter is significantly stronger than the backlog for the last quarter. And this is supposed to be a seasonally down quarter. Still, we think we're going to do pretty well. And then the bookings we're receiving, which are aging into the next quarter and the quarter after, are just very, very large. We're getting very, very strong bookings. Now some of that is concerns about the supply chain, a lot of constraints and all that, so people are giving orders earlier. Not that our backlog is much larger than before at a similar point in time, but that doesn't mean all that becomes growth because people give you orders earlier and then the crawl chart rolls off because you already got the bookings. But despite all that, we're expecting a much, much better March quarter and a significant growth after that. You asked what does significant mean, it means a lot more than 7% that you have a consensus. 
Steve Sanghi: So I think we have given a longer-term model, which is 63% gross margin, 22.5% operating expense and 40.5% operating margin. We're not quite there. We're getting close. The midpoint of our guidance is about 62.6% in gross margin this quarter, and I don't quite have the number on the top of my head on the operating margin. We got a little bit more to go before we really get to our numbers. And we will be analyzing going into the next fiscal year. We'll be looking at all that and at some point in time, coming back to The Street with a new longer-term target when we think that current targets have either been achieved or within a striking range. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, first of all, it's impossible to break down the growth better than seasonality into the 2 components that you described, what portion of the growth is market share and what portion of the growth is really just better end market. That's really very, very difficult on a short-term basis. You could really do a longer-term comparison on a growth rate basis, looking at how everybody else grew. We have no idea how everybody else is going to do this quarter or next quarter or next year. So I don't really have a good answer to that question. But to your question about the correction next year because customers are pulling in, we don't really see customers pulling in demand, we see customers pulling in, placing their orders and then scheduling them into the next year -- next quarter and the quarter after. And this is something we asked for through our letter back in July. We asked the customers then that in addition to the near-term orders that you've been giving us, please give us a longer-term backlog, tell us your requirements in the time of building constraints so we can plan accordingly and put the capacity in place. And customers have responded very strongly. So we're getting very strong bookings. But the component of the bookings that's aging into the next quarter and even a quarter after is very, very good. We have a lot of backlog already for the June quarter. And we have very, very strong backlog for the March quarter. So they're not pulling in deliveries, they're pulling in, placing orders and scheduling the deliveries, so they're not left short in case there are constraints. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, I don't have any regrets in the timing of -- as I'm doing it, it's more -- much more age-related and a family situation and grandkids and all that. But I could really go back to the Microsemi acquisition, which we announced in 2018 and the goals we had set out in terms of earnings per share and overall accretion. And we were talking about achieving $8 by the end of the third year. Some of those got interrupted by 2 major industry events. One was the entire U.S.-China trade war that took some wind out of the sails and then the COVID-19. And due to those 2 events, our credit rating came under pressure. The leverage became much higher in an uncertain situation, which was comfortable in a growing business but not as comfortable in a situation when leverage is high and the business has a lot of uncertainty. Back in the March time frame, analysts and investors were asking me questions regarding what happens if your business goes down 35%. And I was telling them, our business is not going down 35%. And they were not believing it, like why not, what if it happens. So I would say that the last 2 years have been difficult. And if we were able to have a normal level of growth in the last 2 years and all the accretion that we have achieved on the top of that, we would be over $8 of earnings per share today and hopefully start with the near $200 rather than where it is today. And I leave that for Ganesh to put a 2 00 in front of it. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, yes. What I will add is that if you look at our gross margin and operating margin performance in this down cycle, I mean, it's been exemplary. And compare it to any of the prior cycles, we did just extremely well. Our gross and operating margins did not go down by many hundreds of basis points. I think gross margin used to go down by 600-plus basis points. Now why is that? I think that's partially the result of diversifying the business, creating several end markets. The acquisitions we did really helped us build that, serving the entire solution of the customer with a total system solution. So the revenue didn't fall as much. The gross margin didn't fall as much. And the operating margin didn't fall as much. And we are sitting at near-record gross margin and just had shy of the record operating margin at the bottom of the cycle. And as we go from here, as the revenue increases and we are ramping all of our factories, as I spoke about, all our high-volume fabs and assembly and test are all on a rapid ramp to provide the growth that we see into next year. We have increased our capital expense budget. So as we achieve that ramp, the incremental cost of the next product we make is much lower than the cost of the product we're making today because you get better absorption and the incremental gross and operating margin, you understand that concept. So it's a very, very exciting time we're going into, where, at the bottom of the cycle, we are near a record. And then, from there, as the factories ramp and the underutilization first goes to 0 and then you go above that and incrementally start dropping gross and operating margin, that would be very, very good. And what we need to do is really put some numbers around it and at some point in time, talk to you regarding what does that mean in the long-term model that we're not prepared to do today. 
Steve Sanghi: So I think when you look at an embedded control system, a microcontroller-based system, it has a large number of components around it. And over the years, the number of components have increased. Now even go back 10, 15, 20 years ago, it will usually have some sort of power management, A to D converters, reference devices, maybe some discrete devices, some study grams, some memory, flash memory, nonvolatile memory. It will have those kind of things. But over the years, the amount that goes around that microcontroller has increased substantially, and it increased substantially with connectivity. So today, you need a USB, Ethernet, WiFi, Bluetooth, display driver, touch functionality, so just high-voltage sensors and others. So the number of components that go into an embedded control system have really multiplied in the last 20 years. And we began our journey of really selling things around the microcontroller beginning in about '99, 2000, and then we did a small analog acquisition of TelCom Semiconductor in 2001. And with those resources and adding to it, we started building our analog franchise. And then we didn't really start doing the drumroll of acquisitions until about 2010. But the results have been that we have added all those products now available from Microchip, you can buy them as a kit or you can buy them separately. But if you now look at a reference design for an application and almost find any embedded control application in home, in industry, in car and in any place, open an appliance and look at its printed circuit board, you can essentially have everything on that from Microchip today, a microcontroller, a memory, analog, converters, opt-ins, some sensors, power management, drivers, connectivity, Bluetooth, Ethernet, WiFi, 802.11, anything else. And so we feel that we have done all that, and now we have a powerful franchise to be able to sell that entire solution. And the challenge in the last couple of years has been now training the sales force to really be able to take that kind of message to the market, and they're doing very well at it. So at this point in time, we do not really feel a burning desire to have to do another acquisition. The valuations are sky-high, will never meet our taste. And number two, we still have high leverage and we're paying down debt. And we have clearly signaled to The Street that when our leverage goes down and then we're still producing a large amount of free cash flow, a more likely use of that free cash flow is the increasing dividend and stock buyback and all that and not the new set of acquisitions. So I think that's where we are because we feel we have completed the solution, we have an enormous scale and do not have the scale disadvantage anymore. And with that, we are going to grow the business organically. 
Steve Sanghi: So I think it's a combination of it. Obviously, having such a broad customer base of 125,000-plus customers, you often don't really know how the customer is thinking, so you get samples of it as you talk to the large customer and visit them. And we're really not even visiting them these days. The interaction is largely virtual. But I think it's a combination of customers reading about strengthening lead times in the industry, constraints they are hearing. And when they have an experience from not being able to acquire one component, let's say, from one of the other suppliers, the purchasing manager's action often is to really go ahead to secure and place the order on all the components, whether the lead times are going out at a particular supplier or not.  And in our case, we specifically advised the customers back in March that we were getting largely short-term orders, and we need short-term orders to make the quarter. That's great. We thank them, but we also needed your longer-term orders so we can more efficiently build the parts and batch process it and place the orders on our suppliers ahead of time and so on and so forth. And what I would say is that the customers have responded extremely well. I mean our customers have always responded to our letters extremely well. And what you have seen is, a quarter later, exactly a quarter after we wrote that letter, and customers have placed a large amount of backlog that ages into the following quarter. 
Steve Sanghi: Go ahead, Steve. So on the distribution front, we're getting huge orders from distribution just as well as we are getting it from direct customers. So our bookings were strong in both, in the distribution channel as well as in the direct channel. And the behavior is largely similar where we're getting bookings to make -- we got the bookings to make the September quarter, and we're getting good bookings to fill up the December quarter, but very large number of bookings are really actually aging into the March quarter and some even in the June quarter. So distributors also are layering in the backlog so that, if the lead times push out further, they're not impacted, and they're placing the backlog already going into the next quarter.  So when we wrote the letter, the letter was not only to our direct customers. It was also the same message to the distributors, and they have responded in kind. And just overall inventory has been low for quite some time. I think it hit 15-year low. And then from that, it has only come up a day or two. So in the coming year, as we are expecting significant growth, my sense is it's really up to distribution, but my sense is that the distributor will have to increase the inventory and can sit at a 15-year low. 
Steve Sanghi: We really don't. I think we're going to have to run a whole year normal and kind of start to look at it. If you go back prior to the Microsemi acquisition, then March quarter will usually be up sequentially, I would say, a couple of percent, 2%, 2.5%. This year, March was up 1.3%, although it got impacted at the late part of March with the China not coming back from the COVID-19 crisis. Despite all that, I think we were up a couple of percent and could have been more. So I think the March seasonality is somewhere around 2%, 2.5%. But I think there are less data points on it with the acquisition than would be otherwise. If you take the Microsemi out, I feel comfortable with a couple of 2%, 2.5%. Add the Microsemi in, we don't have enough data points. 
Steve Sanghi: Well, first of all, thank you, I think, you been with us for probably the entire 30 years or so or 27 years as a public company and prior to that even. Long association, so thank you. And I remember you came to visit our booth in Las Vegas at the CES conference earlier this year.  Regarding your specific question on Huawei and automotive, so the automotive business is -- saw the largest decline out of any end of market back in the June quarter because many, many factories is downright shutdown. And then in the September quarter, they started to bring the factories back up, and the business was up from June quarter to September quarter. But the September quarter factories were not full from the beginning. They were ramping during the quarter. So there is quite a substantial growth in the automotive segment, at least for us from September quarter to December quarter, as the factories continue to ramp.  So the automotive business now from this point on, kind of looks normal. Cars are selling. The inventory is low, so they're rebuilding their inventory. Lots and lots of automotive customers are making investments into electric vehicles, where we have significant content. And the content in electric vehicle is actually higher than the content in a regular vehicle. So automotive business should look good going forward from here.  The other part of your question is Huawei license, when did we apply? Let me hand it off to Ganesh to answer that question. 
Steve Sanghi: I'd like to clarify one thing. You said somehow the capacity or the CapEx adds a headwind to the gross margin. That's entirely opposite of what we will experience. I believe the comment of the CapEx providing headwind to the gross margin comes from when you build a large greenfield fab and you spend $1 billion, then the process has to be qualified and it slowly ramps, meanwhile, the factory is depreciating. That's the kind of headwind to the gross margin probably you're talking about. And we experienced that back in 2003 when we were bringing up our Fab 4 up in Gresham, Oregon.  The kind of capacity we're talking about is not that. It's made up of $300,000 to $1.5 million various pieces of equipment in assembly and test and fab and the diffusion tubes and others incremental capacity. And it becomes productive really the quarter after it is added, and it never has a headwind to the gross margin. It's always accretive to the gross margin because the product it produces, it produces, I think, incrementally lower cost than the average product without that. So there is no headwind to the gross margin. There's only attrition to the gross margin. 
Steve Sanghi: I don't know if I got all that. I think the first part was really asking the mix of industrial and automotive. Ganesh, I don't know if we have that the last quarter. We only provide it once a year. 
Steve Sanghi: The impact of COVID and gross margin was more like in the June quarter when, within our factory in Philippines at a much lower capacity because you couldn't get all the people in, and we had 150 people living in the facility and working and sleeping there at 30% of the factory's capacity. There was no COVID impact in September quarter. I mean minor providing meals and others to the people who are living there, but there was really no meaningful impact in September quarter, and there's no recovery of that next year because there's no impact now. 
Steve Sanghi: I think when I thank our investors who have been with us for long, and I certainly have great relationship and a long career with all of you. I'll still be here. I'm not going away. We still have a conference coming up, a Credit Suisse conference in early December, then the next earnings call in February. And then on March 1, I become Executive Chair, but you will still see me at the investor circuit and conference calls and investor conferences and others. So I'll still continue to be involved with Microchip and not going away. Thank you very much. 
