Steve Sanghi: If you look at the auto business, we highlighted two areas, one is, there was a new emission standard implemented in Europe, effective September 1. There was a 1-year notice on it almost from September 1 of the prior year, however, testing agencies couldn't build up the capacity to test all the car production. So there was a significant bottleneck for cars waiting to be tested which brought the European car production down. And the whole China economy has been weak due to various reasons, some incentives were taken away, the concerns about tariff in Chinese production and all sorts of other reasons, China automotive market has been weak. In the industrial area, the concerns are mainly tariffs, both driven by Chinese end products coming to U.S. which have a 10% duty today going to 25% in January. So there are a lot of people concerned about whether they will be competitive or not in selling products in U.S., and because of weak Chinese economy, industrial is weak in China too. The three markets which are doing stronger are; data center, communication, and defense and aerospace. If I take them in the reverse order, defense and aerospace, I think after years of drawing down defense spending, the defense and aerospace spending has been on the way up. And we are very broadly designed-in into essentially every single weaponry system, every single aircraft, helicopters and others; so that part of the business is doing well. The data center business, I think you probably have seen some other companies with higher exposure to data center, data center cloud, hyperscalers and all that, that part of the business has been stronger. So that business did well last quarter and is stronger relative to the automotive and industrial and other businesses. And third is the communication, I think we also see the communication business doing well.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we are not going to talk about what other companies have said or what may happen to other industry players. I think you should ask them. Regarding Microchip, we first saw some impact in June quarter. And what we were seeing in June based on that we had a fairly conservative guidance for the September quarter and most people didn't talk about it till the results for the September quarter. So we were four months earlier before we saw it. And that's not first time, numerous times in the past we have seen the impact of industry events about three, four months ahead of the others see it. And we seed early and we always end early. If we talk about the industry four months earlier, nobody tends to believe it, because nobody else is talking about it and you're not seeing it. And therefore we start talking about the industry, we just talked about some factors that were affecting our business. So it turned out we were correct again and everybody else saw it later. And now on the other side, we always come out earlier but whenever we tell you that, that won't get believed either because others are not seeing it yet. So we are not fully ready to talk about the other end of the cycle yet.
Steve Sanghi: I'll pick-up the second question you had which was regarding the March quarter. So I remind investors that when we bought Atmel, it was not a small acquisition, either. Atmel was about 40% to half of our business. And after we integrated Atmel, we didn't understand Atmel's seasonality for a while because companies on their own, their prior seasonality was based on sell-in, however, they work for the distributors, the whole end market mix was different. And after we had Atmel for the entire year or more than a year, we fully understood the impact of Atmel seasonality on our business to be able to guide properly. Same is the situation now with Microsemi. We don't fully understand Microsemi's seasonality. We haven't had a March quarter where the Microsemi in it. And we do not consider the March quarter on a Microsemi's clot to be a meaningful indicator for us regarding seasonality because that business was managed with a selling driven mentality, with a significantly high distribution inventory, our guidance will be based on real market demand. And the end markets for Microsemi are quite different. They are stronger in defense, stronger in data centers, stronger in communication and almost no automotive, very little automotive and all that. So I'm not ready to talk about the March quarter in terms of guidance till we have some more experience on our belt in understanding their seasonality as well as being able to gauge the impact of the current correction when it is ending and how its impact would be in the March quarter.
Steve Sanghi: We basically, we haven't broken out the sell-in data by product line. We only have broken out sell-out data by product line and that did not change based on lowering the sell-in and cleaning up the inventory.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, we're not breaking out the exact numbers of Microsemi attrition because we kind of managing it as one company, but we gave you anecdotes that the accretion in the September quarter was higher than the $0.15 for the September quarter, we had originally guided. And we feel very confident that going out of the first year, the accretion will be higher than the $0.75 that we guided and we remain committed to a longer-term accretion of earnings per share of $8 that we guided before. This is a short-term impact based on this business cycle environment, whatever one, two, three quarters at last, it doesn't really have a long-term impact over a three, four years because usually the bounce back, will get you back to where you were.
Steve Sanghi: What I would add is, we do not put any effort into managing our business to put the inventory into distribution. We put our entire effort into creating market demand which pulls the inventory out of the distribution and then allow the asset managers of the distribution to buy the product they need to serve the end market demand. So as the quarter is approaching, the quarter-end is approaching, we don't look at sales out is this and sell-in is this and we got to go make another $10 million of deal. So sell-in is lower than the sell-out or to hold back product because it's going to go up or lower. We don't manage both of those numbers. We only manage one number which is sales out. And like I told you last quarter, the standard has changed, the GAAP standard is sell-in. I told you that before we disagree with it. But we have to report a GAAP sell-in number which we do, and we'll continue to do it. But all our measurements, all our bonus programs what Board manages us is to a market demand driven number that we report as a non-GAAP revenue. And sell-in would be whatever distributors want based on their own asset management, their cash flow needs, lead times, there are hundreds of things go into what they do with their inventory. And we don't manage that.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we interact with a large number of customers and distributors over the course of this quarter. And based on that collective engagement with hundreds, if not thousands of customers in all three geographies, US, Europe, Asia, we will have an assessment by the time we announce the December quarter results, which will be in early February. If there is a meaningful information that developed before that and gives us enough data points that we can kind of make a call, then we'll use the opportunity at one of the conferences to make comments on it. But fresh coming from the elections yesterday with 1% of precincts reporting, we cannot make the call on the election.
Steve Sanghi: Yes. And maybe I didn't understand the question directly, but tariff impact on our products directly is very, very small, right. It's the products that our customers are building with our products where the tariff applies. So I think it's probably too early for us to see any real impact on the design side, Kevin. If they were to use the Chinese microcontroller or analog part to build their end product appliance or washers and dryers whatever that will have duty also coming in here. So not designing a Microchip product does not abate the duty coming into US. And that is a bigger impact.
Steve Sanghi: I think your question is the right one and we hit that, but like I said, fortunately we're not easy to design up.
Steve Sanghi: So let me take the first one first, which is a tariff question. So what's happening is as the percentage tariff and the products which are -- we've tariffs on keeps moving, it is kind of creating waves in customer sentiment. Originally, back in June-July time frame when there were some tariffs ready to go on in August, some people will try to get ahead of it, build the product, so they bring it to US and avoid the tariff, others will hold back production, they want to draw down their inventory, because they don't really know whether they'll be able to pass the tariff to the customers or they will agree that entire tariff. So it kind of create some waves both ways and that was for the 10% tariff. And through the quarter of September, customers were essentially cutting down production, drawing down their inventory, because they felt that it will be uncompetitive passing on the tariff to US customers who had a choice to buy the product made in Taiwan, made in Singapore, made in Vietnam, made in Mexico or wherever. And now, very recently we're hearing the talk that the expectation many of the customers had was heading toward the elections, the whole thing we're going to get settled. You may recall at the UN, Trump was talking so bad about Canada that Canada was cooperating and all that, and there may be an agreement with Mexico only. One week later they signed an agreement announced the agreement with Canada, so the thought was similarly few days before the election there will be settlement with China and so kind of people who are holding back. Well, that didn't happen. And now the feeling is I don't think the settlement is closed. So now some of the customers are thinking tariffs are going to go to 25% and we should pull in and built some of the stuff and bring to US at 10% tariff and then bringing to 25%. So you could see that the waves moving all over the place and 50,000 customers we might have in China, not all aligned. It's very noisy, it's very hard to make decisions and we had lead times are short and we're responding to every customer and they're signing as we see it. So I don't know if that answers your first question.
Steve Sanghi: On the direct to customer, the inventory we saw on the direct customer side was with contract manufacturers, because contract manufacturers is considered OEM business, it's a direct business, it's not through distribution. There was really not much inventory in the direct customers that we saw. And we wouldn't know it either, I mean, you don't know every customers inventory, but the way the deals were made with the discounts were given were to the contract manufacturers under a program called Production Incentive Program; so we can fill that program. And as we cancel that program, contract manufacturers only started taking what they need for their needs and they drew down their inventory.
Steve Sanghi: Well, we definitely will have the March OpEx down, not even flat to down, will be down, because we are still continuing to reduce Microsemi expenses as we do integration. And if March quarter is down as we're supposing, bonuses would be lower, so bonus approval will be lower. Yes, so I would say in that situation, March expense will not be flat, they will be down.
Steve Sanghi: In 2015, we saw this impact, I believe in August-September time frame. And we made a call I believe in late September time frame that we see China slowing down. It was driven by China and nobody else was seeing it and by -- and then when the numbers came out and numbers were cut, and they were cut again and everybody was down as much. And most stocks went down lower than they had gone down that day when we had made the call. So everybody was about four months behind. Same thing is happening this time. I think we saw that impact three to four months behind everybody else, so that is common. But what's driving it today versus what was driving it back then, I think the reasons are a little bit different, tariffs, maybe lead time becoming shorter, some are same, some are different, tariff is a new phenomenon.
Steve Sanghi: So if you look at Chris Danely's question, you have to make an assumption on March. We cut back production quite a bit, with that, the internal inventory is in good control. We actually -- internal inventory went down by a couple of days. So, if the business is stable from here, if this quarter marks the bottom, then factory start building back slowly. If there is a further downside, which was an assumption possibly Chris was making -- I don't know if he was making that assumption, then you have to adjust to the reality.
Steve Sanghi: I think you're modeling 100 plus subsidiaries around the world and varying tax rates in various countries and interest payments and deductions and all these taxes and it should kind of average of all that, it's not a perfect sound, so it can change based on mix.
Steve Sanghi: I think, Mark, one mistake most people make in looking at Microsemi gross margin is that day-to-day acquisition of a company called Vectron which closed in late November, early December timeframe. It had gross margins in the mid-30s and was $100 million revenue. And so, its impact was really never seen by investors in a non-GAAP basis. December quarter was fairly short just one month. And then March quarter, we announced the deal on March 1. So March quarter was really never fully announced based on a non-GAAP.
Steve Sanghi: But didn't have a conference call. So you wouldn't really know the non-GAAP margin taking away all these charges and everything else that acquisitions do. So Microsemi gross margin wasn't 63% driven by all those acquisitions margin was below 60%. And so we have already improved some and we'll continue to improve the gross margin, but looking for the gross margin to go over 63% would be quite a stretch right now.
Steve Sanghi: We got to get the factories to full production again because of the inventory correction as you ship less to distribution, all that inventory stays in house unless you cut production, so we did. And we take the under-absorption in the current quarter, we don't put it into -- we don't capitalize it into the inventory. So as the production starts going back, you will have some accretive effect on gross margin.
Steve Sanghi: We said that before we are going to keep and we like all the businesses. The combined Microsemi all businesses together, P&L is very good. There are product lines which are lower gross margin, there are product lines which are higher gross margin than average, there are product lines that grow less than average, there are product lines that are growing more than average. Microchip classic is no different. Our gross margins are lower in certain Microchip businesses but mix and match overall gross margin is excellent and that is the case with Microsemi. Every business is accretive and we're not going to offload a business just because it's a lower gross margin than the average. If it's accretive and growing and adding and providing additional attach is a part of the total system solution. So if all the other things are working, then it's a good Microchip product.
Steve Sanghi: There was nothing else going on. Although, we would say that since we saw the effect of this downturn coming much earlier than anybody else, we hunker down earlier. We can sell majority of the open wrecks, we cut back on capital, we canceled firm orders that we had in capital to the extent we were able to cancel them and that's we slipped them out. We hunker down and we kind of batten down the hatches.
Steve Sanghi: I think, especially when you buy new business, you're in lot to learn for that business. You're getting to know the people that are concerned with employees regarding what Microchip could do with various businesses. Let me get this in, various analysts write about various businesses that we will sell out, we should sell; and I always ask you please don't do that because you create problem for us. The employees of that business read those reports and they get concerned that their business is maybe sold or not get focused on. And we have said that we're going to keep all the businesses, but every time you look at, some analysts will make this speculation why data center business doesn't fit with Microchip or Opto business doesn't fit with Microchip or something else doesn't Microchip; all that does is creates concern for our customers and creates concern for our employees. So what I'm saying is; we are working very hard on all these items, learning the businesses, keeping the customers at peace, talking to the employees, learning the inventory, and when such a large challenge comes up like the inventory, then it just takes an enormous amount of energy forming the teams and focusing the teams to go clean up the inventory. It also depends on how in the mix that inventory was. If that inventory was highly out of mix then you have to continue to ship additional products for which there is demand, and if there is lot of slow moving inventory that we call sludge, then that will take much longer time. And in certain business units, the inventory was in good mix, in certain other business units, inventory was not as good of a mix. So basically, huge amount of work, the combined teams are working together, creating a goal for everybody to clean up this inventory faster than the two quarters we guided to and I think that's where we are. And also working and getting cooperation from the distributors. It's just lot of groundwork, there is not much magic there, it's just a lot of hard work.
Steve Sanghi: And in this business unit, number one, the inventory is very high over 8.6 months. Clearly, there was a lot of excess inventory and when you build that much inventory, then inventory also tends to age and gets out of mix, we shipped such a high amount of inventory and customer demand shifts. So lot of the inventory then becomes very slow moving and takes time to correct.
Steve Sanghi: There was also $110 million of product that we shifted back from distribution to direct and customer-by-customer and distributor-by-distributor, whichever the pair was, the distributor shipping to customer, you had to go -- work that relationship and convince a customer and convince a distributor, distributor going to lose that business to direct customer will ship it directly, makes sure distributor cleans out their inventory, so the new business and Microchip ships and creating accounts for those customers, receivables, learning where the product has to be shipped some places, sometime it goes into hubs of distributors, sometimes there are multiple locations, all that challenging task by the shipping teams and marketing teams and sales teams; it's just purely a guess when we first talked to you regarding how long would it take. I have to tell you two quarters and get it done in one quarter, rather than tell you one quarter and takes two quarters.
Steve Sanghi: Well, when customer buys less product, you're unable to differentiate whether that's a purely inventory correction or his demand is slower. It always tends to be a combination. If you're building a 100,000 widgets a week, then you have certain amount of inventory at you're loading dock, in your factory floor, some in raw material, some in work in process, a certain amount of inventory. If your demand drops, because of your tariff concerns, let's say, you only want to build a 90,000 widgets, then the entire inventory in your structure divided by 90 is going to become more weeks of inventory than at 100. And then when you draw it down, you could call it inventory correction, you can call it because of the lower demand, I don't know how you separate it.
Steve Sanghi: The order rate slowed down and stayed pretty constant at the lower level and have recently bounced back, partially because lead times are fairly short, so they got to place the orders for December and January. They don't need to place orders for next June, but they do need to place the orders for the next quarter. So the order rate, as you said, slowed down, but has recently bounced back up.
Steve Sanghi: Oh, he had to catch a flight. So I think we are not concerned about the long-term prospects of microcontroller, analog or any of our businesses. Our fundamental frame is being able to sell total system solution into a customer socket, whether it's automotive, whether it's industrial, with microcontroller, analog connectivity products Wi-Fi, Ethernet, Bluetooth, LoRa. And now where there are lots of Microsemi products, including discrete products, FEPS and diodes and RF and other products. I think, there is fundamentally no concern about long-term Microchip, and the design win funnel and all that, are very, very healthy. I think, we're just talking about this impact, some from the tariff, and some from the slowdown in the business. You could go back, there was an earlier question, how it is different, or same as the 2015 cycle? And in that 2015 cycle, some of the assumptions were, like this thing is over. The industry just goes away, and all these things don't get designed in, and you can see how the business bounced back, and we had record quarters and record years and outstanding market share gains and everything else. So there is no long-term concern here, it's a short-term.
Steve Sanghi: So there is a lot of work underway. There was a small aerospace and defense business that we have acquired as part of the Atmel acquisition which was headquartered in France. And they did business largely with French aerospace companies, and didn't have any market share in U.S. And after acquiring them, in the last year and a half or so, we've been putting efforts, we expanded the charter to take Microchip standard microcontroller, analog and memory products, and make them Rad Hard, recharacterize them to the needs of military and aerospace with broad temperature ranges and all that. So all that work has been underway for the last two year or so in militarizing our products. Microsemi brings even just a much, much higher level of expertise in that area, and about 10x to 15x larger business than Atmel had in aerospace and defense. So in our integration, we have combined the Atmel's aerospace and defense business together with the microspace, aerospace and defense business as one business unit. And that business unit is accelerating, taking Microchip products to market in that segment. So that effort is about a year old, and is really getting significant boost right now. But we're not shipping core Microchip products in military for revenue today. Any Microchip products going into aerospace and defense sector, are still standard commercial products that are bought from distributors, and just kind of use standard commercial product. In some non-sensitive applications, aerospace and defense is allowed to use standard commercial products. The military products, rad-hard products, is an effort under way, but it's not making revenue today.
Steve Sanghi: So, I don't have a year-over-year comparison, some, but it won't be valid, because it will be a sell-in by putting in your high channel inventory versus sell-through that we're measuring. So that's why we said based on a sell-through basis, the numbers were a record. It was all-time record. And I don't have a year-over-year comparison, since we haven't had the business for a year. But the business is doing very well. It's doing very well in defense and aerospace, it's doing very well in the multi-market. It has a very good design and funnel. The next-generation architecture, which is Gen5, is just going into market and just introducing at the sample level. And there is a significant demand pull on that. So I think we are very optimistic about that business.
Steve Sanghi: You're very correct. We are seeing that, too. So two things are happening. One, if there are two sources of production, one in China and one outside of China, then some attempt is being made to take the Chinese production and sell it to Europe and Asia, and take the non-Chinese production and ship it to U.S. This way you can optimize and not pay any duties. Two challenges in that; number one, it's lot of manual work and most people aren't set up to really differentiate the product where it should go, but manually, and then writing some automation, it's really being done. But it's not perfect, because in many cases the U.S. demand is not exactly equal to the non-Chinese production, and Europe and Asia demand isn't equal to Chinese production, so there are still problems. So to solve that problem, you're correct, there are many customers that are moving Chinese production to outside of China, but they are rapidly running into capacity issues. Where the outside factories are full, there was a little bit space, and they're now full, and there is lot more to be transferred from China but there is no place to put it till they really expand capacity, build more square footage and all that, and that's a slow process. So, yes, we're seeing that.
Steve Sanghi: We want to thank all of our customers and analysts for your patience and for your understanding. I think this has been a tough four months here, but I think we've done a lot of good work in cleaning up the Microsemi inventory. And at the same time, it's really the first acquisition whose timing was such that the wind is not on our back, we did number of other acquisitions and the timing was great. Here, along with the Microsemi inventory challenges we're also facing this downturn in the business, and so we're dealing with the dual challenges. But I think we posted a pretty good quarter, and despite sequentially down guidance, I think we're managing the inventory very well, the internal inventories in very good shape. Overall, gross margin and operating margins are still very, very good. And we look forward to really getting through these issues and getting back to our long-term $8 earnings target. So, thank you very much.
Eric Bjornholt: Sure. So I'll take the deleveraging one first and then pass it back to Steve. But we made really good progress in terms of paying down debt as both Steve and I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we took down $500 million worth of total debt and on a net basis $315.5 million. So did a really good job there of using all the cash that we could to pay down debt. We will continue to use substantially all of our excess cash generations after dividends to reduce our debt levels. And we expect our net leverage to decline dramatically over the next several years. Now with the correction of the Microsemi distribution inventory having a significant impact on our EBITDA in the June and September 2018 quarters and then combining that with our guidance for the December 2018 quarter, our trailing 12 month EBITDA will have significant headwinds over the next year. And our net debt to EBITDA will not trend down as fast as we had indicated back in August, but this is a very good cash flow business, like I said, we'll continue to pay down debt, but in the current quarter we probably expect that debt paydown to be somewhere in $160 million range, a broad range should be $150 million to $200 million, but we'll have to see how things trend here over the next few quarters to give you a longer-term forecast.
Eric Bjornholt: So, it really did not have an impact on the sales-out activity that Ganesh talked about, breaking out by product lines. So it was really just more of correcting the inventory sitting in distribution. So I don't think there was really any end-market impact from the actions that we took.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. So, I mean, we have the sell-in data in our public filings and in our 10-Q, but that doesn't really give you an indication of where the distribution inventory drain was by product line.
Eric Bjornholt: No, that's exactly what it is. We post a schedule on our Investor Relations page under supplemental financial information that walks through what the share count approximately would be based on various prices. As you know, we have several convertible debt instruments outstanding and the share dilution from those has gone down with the stock price falling.
Eric Bjornholt: Well, we took a lot of costs out early. I think if you were to combine the Microchip and Microsemi models from back in March or even a year ago, you're going to see that significant expense has been taken out. And that doesn't mean that there still not more to come. But I think we're actively managing that. Our OpEx came in significantly lower than our guidance for the quarter that we just completed. And we're managing based on the environment that's presented to us and I think we're doing a good job of that.
Eric Bjornholt: Well, when we gave a 3% to 4% before, that was kind of the short-term and we've got now questions coming in, in terms of what it's going to be over the next few years. And it's not a perfect science to forecast this but under 5% or 5% or less is where we're at today, it's not saying it can't be 3.5% but that's a pretty tight range.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes, so we -- as you said, have margin improvements programs that are in place and we still have confidence in the combined long-term model of 63%, this last quarter, we were at 61.7%. So it's not like we're light years away from that but --
Eric Bjornholt: And every business unit leader that we have is tested and not just growing the revenue but improving their gross margin and operating margins over time. And within the Microchip system, we work together to make that happen.
Eric Bjornholt: We ask our employees to treat the spending as if it's their own money and do that on a global basis and it has very good results. So I think Steve is right. We just got out ahead of this quicker.
Eric Bjornholt: Yes. And as Steve mentioned in his prepared remarks, there is still a business unit or two, that's inventory is higher than we'd like it to be and it will come down overtime. And there may be a business unit or two, that's inventory is too low, and these things kind of balance each other out. So we think at 2.6 months, we're in a very good position today.
Eric Bjornholt: I guess I'll give kudos to all the business units that were involved, the sales and distribution organization, our distributors, the planning folks, that goes with this, just -- it was a very large team, and everybody did a good job of executing.
Eric Bjornholt: So I tried to answer that on an earlier question, but essentially our deleveraging is going to be at a slower pace than what we had originally guided to the Street. We've got headwinds of very low EBITDA in both June and September, due to discretion inventory reduction. We were having a down quarter this year at the midpoint of guidance. We're going to be down 7.5%. And that just have an impact and is going to stay with us now for 12 months, because this debt calculations or EBITDA calculations are all 12 month trailing. So the cash flow from the business is going to be high, but if you look at our accounts receivable balance, it's down $120 million quarter-on-quarter, and that translates to cash. So it's going to take us some time, but all of our cash, really all our significant cash in excess of what we need to run the business and pay dividends is going to be used to pay down debt. And with that, we will reduce the debt balance, but the EBITDA is going to be something that sticks with us for the next year.
