Steve Sanghi: The end demand is declining. There has been some destruction of end demand in various end-markets. So, automotive clearly where the number of units build in automotive are much lower in U.S., Europe, and China. The industrial market end demand has been weaker because of all the impact of tariffs and increased cost and similar thing we’re seeing in the home appliances market. So, yes, the end demand is weaker and sell-in we’re guiding down. We do not know what the net to distribution inventory will be in terms of increasing or decreasing, whether end-market demand will be higher than GAAP sales or lower slightly. But we think they could be roughly in the same range and could go either way.
Steve Sanghi: So, how we are reconciling it is the starting backlog in the quarter was significantly more weaker than minus 6% guidance at the midpoint, significantly weaker. So, some of that – fair amount of that has closed in the last five weeks because the curve of backlog fill is much deeper. And we are expecting that that kind of curve will continue and will end up really close to the guidance for providing, but where we end up would still be lower than the last quarter. It will require significantly more steeper curve to be even with the last quarter. So, we are expecting improvement because of steeper curve, but it doesn’t get us to flat compare to last quarter.
Steve Sanghi: For the kind of a lot of mixed messages, weaker backlog, but some inflection points and still leaves very hard to read in this environment. We said back in February that could be bottom, but it was very much tied to the trade settlement. We didn’t get it. So, this time, we’re just being cautious and giving you all the puts and takes.
Steve Sanghi: Well, seasonality is the hardest one to talk about, because of various acquisitions that we have completed. Prior to the Microsemi acquisition, for example, our end-market mix was dominated by industrial, automotive and consumer appliances. With the addition of Microsemi now, we have added three other significant end-markets, aerospace and defense, datacenter and communication where we had very little exposure. And last year, year or five quarters since we’ve had Microsemi, the environment hasn’t been normal. A significant inventory correction in the last June and September of last year, and then subsequently, fighting through the U.S. China trade sanctions and all the other issues. So, we haven’t really seen a combined company normal environment for a year or longer to be able to figure out what the seasonality with the current mix is.So, I think that would be my answer that we – at the minus 6% of the midpoint, clearly that is below seasonal. We’re not defending that it is seasonal. Prior to any of this acquisition, I think seasonality for December quarter used to be about minus 3 if I remember. We don’t know where it is today.
Steve Sanghi: Vivek, in terms of confusion, join the party. I mean this has been a very, very confusing environment. On one hand, they’ve been fits and starts on the trade front, and the three largest of our markets which are industrial, automotive and consumer appliances heavily hit with large amount of tariffs and therefore they have a lot of demand destruction. In anytime you make any kind of guess with some resolution of the trade dispute, it really hasn’t happened. And then you have had multitude of other issues with ZTE about a year ago then Huawei, you can ship is, not shipping then Hikvision and many other customers added. So, there has been a lot of confusion. And every company – I think if you look at the number a year-over-year, you will see that our performance year-over-year is pretty reasonable, but quarter-over-quarter, it just depends on when somebody went into inventory correction, how long the inventory correction lasted. We measured our September performance to the September performance of last year. However, September last year, we were still reporting numbers based on sell through revenue recognition as a non-GAAP. If you compare the numbers GAAP to GAAP, September quarter to September quarter, we were actually up, because last September quarter there was a substantial reduction in distribution inventory. I don’t know if it’s exactly correct.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah. So, as you compared to that, the number of get very confusing. So, in parallel with all these other confusions, last year, we also went through change of revenue recognition. So, I would say simply lay out the numbers for various companies and you will find that our year-over-year performance is better than the other large competitor you talked about.
Steve Sanghi: I think the macro trends in the demand destruction by the tariffs and all this confusion created a much larger impacts than the other secular trends of impact of another competitors in distribution and distribution putting more focus on us. Those things happen over two, three years. And the effect of trade friction and all that is really much more immediate and much more severe. So, we’ve been telling you now for a few quarters that the distribution inventory went down, the sell through in several quarters now, I would say at least five quarters had been better than sell-in. And when would think with distribution inventory now, lowest in 15 years except one strange quarter in fiscal year ‘13. It wouldn’t go down further, but we can’t be sure of it. Distributors don’t have confidence. The seeing the same issues we are seeing weakness in industrial market in automotive market and consumer appliance market, aerospace and defense and communications that kind of flattish, if distributors can manage their business, but even lower inventory they probably would.
Steve Sanghi: Despite, reporting GAAP numbers based on selling you’re very well aware of a stance. We manage a business to sell through and we do not go request any distributor to take any kind of inventory stock for shelves. So, we are focused on sell through and sell through is weak and therefore the selling is weak.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I think what I'm reading into it is that we started the December quarter with much lower backlog on October 1 than it was in July 1. And you know if that had continued in the last five weeks, the guidance would be double digit negative. But we have made up significant gap by the fill being much stronger. And if that strength of that fill continues, then the results could be reasonably good. But there are also holidays coming, short month of November, short month of December, you know, Europe shuts off in the middle of December. So by all those puts and takes, our guess is that the December quarter still ends up about 6% lower than September quarter. And that minus 6% is a huge makeup from how low the backlog was in October one.And then with the strength of the bookings, October was strong bookings, November so far looks like good strong bookings. If the bookings continue, then hopefully the January one backlog for the March quarter could be better than what we experienced as a backlog on October 1. And with continued strength of booking, hopefully, we have some sort of recovery, but I'm not really giving any guidance for March yet.
Steve Sanghi: I think, you know, earlier gentleman asked that we gave guidance in early September that we reconfirmed our midpoint of our guidance. So kind of what happened, you know Ganesh mentioned and I mentioned also the month of September was quite weak. Weaker than what we expected causing us to miss a sales by about $10 million, $11 million. You know, the month of October was much stronger and November is continuing much stronger. So, you know, could it be because of some sort of light at the end of the tunnel on first phase of settlement with China, could be the inventory has gone low enough. You know, there are all these puts and takes and we really have put them all on the table, you know, the good points and bad points. And then we gave you a judgment and you could make your own judgment or agree or disagree with ours. That's where it is. Numbers are very hard to call in this uncertain environment.
Steve Sanghi: No. I mean when we reconfirmed our guidance, we were essentially tracking towards the midpoint. And September was weak causing us to miss by 11 million, am I correct? Yeah.
Steve Sanghi: And then you know earlier I mentioned that the backlog started on October 1, the backlog was down in double digits compared to July 1. And if we are giving minus 6% guidance now you know even if 4% change would be $52 million, right, on our revenue number. And the backlog on October 1 started much worse than minus 10, significantly worse than minus 10. So, we have made up a huge amount of gap with significantly steeper slope.
Steve Sanghi: Today ruler on the slope and get to a number and tell you that's the number. Unfortunately we have seen that you know, when the backlog start so low, can be a steeper slope but then the slope can change and it could end early in the middle of December and not fill during the holidays. So you got account for all that and that's why I keep stressing that there are lots of puts and takes. And putting them all into consideration, we're giving you guidance that we believe is where we're headed.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah, I mean, you know, we manage our business by product lines as you know. So, you know, we have rough end-market commentary, where we believe that the only stronger end-market has been data centers, communication and aerospace and defense were flattish, and automotive industrial and consumer appliances were the weakest markets. You know with a one month booking in October, we can't really, you know, tell you a change in that tone. We just don't track it that way.
Steve Sanghi: We have not analyzed the numbers again for SIA, so I'd rather not guess and make any comments. I think you know our – you mentioned end-market demand base microcontroller business was down 1.3%. I think many other results we have heard from various companies wouldn't lead us to believe that the business in September quarter was up 5%. I don't know how SIA comes up with the numbers, if you add up the numbers from TI and others, I don't know whether I can construct that number.
Steve Sanghi: Our belief is in history that you know SIA, you know, especially during turbulent times like this, they revise the numbers and the significant changes reported and it's easily causes confusion like it's causing right now. If I look at, add up the results of most companies, they make microcontrollers, I don't really think I can get SIA numbers.
Steve Sanghi: We also have products into data center from the classic Microchip business prior to the Microsemi. And some of those products go into power supplies, they go into, you know, other IO control and various different areas. So, we had some data center exposure before, but obviously, the big one came in Microsemi.
Steve Sanghi: Those bookings are aged every month from here on and into the future six, eight months out. So some are for December quarter, some are for March quarter, some of it even spill beyond the match quarter.
Steve Sanghi: So I'll speak qualitatively rather than quantitatively because we haven't disclosed what the backlog was, where it is now and all that. If the current slope of backlog fill continues, then the results will be very good. We're not expecting the slop to continue. So we in our judgment have moderated that slope, current slope. Some just because the backlog started very low and then people place the order, slope is high, as backlog starts to fill up, the slope will moderate. And the other is the effect of holidays, because you know, you don't do a lot of bookings over the Thanksgiving week. And then December, Europe is weak as usually, U.S. is second and then you know, Asia usually continues to work over the holidays. So we have based on our experience from our history, we have model that in. But I will admit that we have moderated that slope because we think the slope is not sustainable.
Steve Sanghi: Well, if the sluggish environment were to continue, the OpEx would be basically in the range. We will keep on you know, controlling any headcount additions, sparingly approve any replacement acquisitions. Bonus will continue to be lower, you know, then the target type of bonuses. You know, CapEx will, you know, continue to tighten, because if there's no growth, we will need capacity. And a lot of the capital we're investing is just incremental here and there is no big capital needed for growth in this environment. So, you know, those are the things we would do if the environment continues to be sluggish. If the environment were to accelerate, you know, I would think we still have sufficient capacity and sufficient inventory to ship the upside. So you wouldn't see a growth in, you know, CapEx immediately and you wouldn't see growth in expenses either. So if the upside in revenue were to come through, I think there will be a pretty good leverage for the earnings to go to the bottom.
Steve Sanghi: So it's really hard to call future by end-markets. It's easier to talk about the past. Yeah, if there's some sort of trade settlement, there was to be clear rules were overnight to another tweet, you know, the duties will not go higher or something then you would see some stability and return to normalcy on the industrial market and appliance market. Automotive, there is a settlement with GM and GM know, and so you should see some impact there. So I think those are the things that would show strength. Yes.
Steve Sanghi: Well, that's a tough ball that you have served. You know I'm not an economist and that's not my field. So I'll give you some feel for really, you know how I'm thinking. Many of the cycles our industry has seen are the cycles created by our own industry through lonely times, excessive inventory build, and then the bubble bursting and going the other way and company shipping below demand for a while and then the cycle correcting. So those are, you know, semiconductor industry and its customer cause cycles by successively under shipping demand and over shipping demand. This cycle hasn't been caused by the industry. This cycle has been caused by the much larger economic forces. And if I were to name a single one, it will be the U.S. China trade. It’s really been caused by that.I tried to explain it before and let me take another shot at it. The world economy runs on manufactures building the product and putting into the inventory with a forecast that the customers will come and buy that product. Now given an example of a grocery store, or an electronic store, you can go into the stores, there is lots of inventory and you can come out with bags full of your grocery. You do not order your grocery a week ahead of time and then go pick up the delivery. In fact, if you were to go into the grocery store which you want, it isn’t there, you will go to another store and buy it.So, world economies are largely run on inventory. Now, enter the tariff uncertainty, imagine a customer building the product in China and let’s say there were no tariffs on it and bringing it to U.S. – I’m sorry – they were tariffs on it, there is 25% tariff format. So, they bring the product to U.S. with 25% tariff on it and having then the uncertainty to be able to pass on that tariff to the end customer. They don’t know whether they can or they can’t. And the second risk is to bring the inventory to U.S. and then there is settlement announced. Once a settlement is announced, no end customer will pay the 25% tariff, because the manufacturer brought it here with tariff at their own risk. So, what it does is it makes everybody stop in their tracks. They cut down the inventory on the loading dock to the manufacturing lines, to the raw material, to the finished goods, to the transportation hubs everywhere, people draw down the inventory, because they do not know what the landed cost is and what they can pass to their customers. That is the impact we have seen in many, many of the market. And when there is the clarity on the tariff front, then you will see the rebuilding of that supply chain inventory, which would have a very positive effect on us.
Steve Sanghi: Yes, Gil. We have not changed a longer term model. In fact, the changes we announced today on the restructuring of our Colorado fab and bringing some of those 6-inch products to our higher volume 8-inch fabs and really creating $65 million in savings and the process. What we have done is we have lowered the revenue at which we achieve our target model. So, prior to that, it required a certain amount of revenue to fill up our factories and remove the underutilization to achieve a 63% target margin. By making those changes we are not galvanized for you how much, but we have lowered the revenue we need to achieve to achieve the target margin because we’re taking so much cost out of the system.
Steve Sanghi: Yeah, and you got to take it over time, if this is not a single application, single customer that drives in one way or another. There’s hundreds of applications customers over which this would happen. But clearly there is a multiplier that comes from cross selling from selling a more complete solution to the customer. And as that ramps in, I don’t know if it is exactly first half of next year, second half, but in time, as the environment improves, these new designs go to production, we will see the benefits that come from it.
Steve Sanghi: So, we hear a lot of talk and we don’t see a lot of action on that front. There may be action on certain product lines, I think they’re really maybe trying to build processes and graphic processes and others, we do not really see that can impact today on our data center products, on our FPGA products, on our discrete and other products, our microcontroller analog, we hear a lot of talk about it. In longer term, there could be an issue where they want to either design their own product or not prefer to design with Americans. I think in a short period of time, less than a year of this trade war, you can’t really design a massive portfolio that microchip has to make a meaningful impact on it. So, we really not seeing that on revenue today, but we seeing it in sentiment.
Steve Sanghi: You know, like I said, first we have a very, very broad customer base, we serve over 120,000 plus customers. So it's very, very hard to track. We're not seeing any preponderance of evidence to see there is any design shift. We're hitting in sentiment, the so called non-sentiment, you may have, you know, heard that kind of language where, you know, government is saying, you know, design with Chinese customers first, design with Taiwanese or Asian is second, you know, design with the Europeans third, and Americans the last. But you know, 95%, 97% of products we build at all proprietary nature with no pin compatible part available. So in a short period of time, we really haven't seen any of that shift.The shift will first become visible at the design stage if it does, and I don't think we have strong evidence today that that's happening. We're not losing designs like crazy. Our funnel size is still very, very large. And we're able to leverage a lot of our more commodity like products with more advanced products, but the total system solution if they're on the same board.
Steve Sanghi: This cause for concern and we're watching and we are making the product better, finding other sales mechanisms to bundle it and all that. So negative sentiment in China is definitely there, but it's not really, you know, being seen in bookings and revenue dollars today.
Steve Sanghi: Well, I want to thank everyone. This has been a difficult year with all the uncertainty. Please continue to bear with us and we'll see some of you on the road as we go to various conferences. Thank you very much.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yeah, and it probably is worth repeating what Steve has already said that our October 2019 bookings were the strongest month of bookings we’ve seen since June 2018.
Ganesh Moorthy: I can address that and Steve can add on to it. So, the quarter we just completed, we had underutilization charge are about $8.9 million. That charge will be higher in the December quarter. So, that is having an impact on gross margins that we’re seeing on a sequential basis. There’s always things like product mix that factor into it also. And then with demand down, it’s likely that we’ll have some accounting charges related to obsolescence doesn’t mean that the product isn’t good anymore, but we’ll have some obsolescence charges that will also impact the gross margins that we produce this quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Yeah, we were not up but we had about an $80 million reduction last September in distribution inventory in that quarter.
Ganesh Moorthy: Vivek, in terms of chronology, the other thing to keep in mind is, if you remember, I think it was in early August, there were additional tariffs that were announced and were going to be taking place at various points in time. I think that creates more uncertainty in the market. And I think what happened was September ended up being a lot weaker as people were trying to sort out, customers are trying to sort out, what are they going to do. And that was reflected in distribution inventory going down, the overall results being less than what we had expected at the midpoint, and then beginning to reverse as we went into October, and then reflected in the guidance you’re seeing today.
Ganesh Moorthy: So if you recall, we began this a year ago, and have had a number of transitions we make every quarter. We just did the most recent of that on November 1 of this year. In my prepared remarks, I said we have at least another four quarters to get substantially complete. We're about halfway through at this point in time. And the savings are more over time rather than a step function change. And as we get through enough of the systems, you know, we take the savings and that becomes a synergy that we add to what we've done.
Ganesh Moorthy: Our 32-bit business is doing, you know, much stronger than 8-bit and 16-bit. I think these are businesses that are not as much 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit focused. They are broad market trends in automotive and industrial, in consumer appliances and they affect all segments of the microcontroller market.
Ganesh Moorthy: So the product lines that address data center are more than just the Microsemi product line that came to data center. Clearly that is a big position that we have some of what you mentioned relative to these strength and storage. The strength in the SSDs and all that is good. I don't know if I have a good way to break out exactly what our data center. It's in the mid-teens is what my guess would be based on where we had seen the combined company, but that's from several quarters ago.
Ganesh Moorthy: You know, we really have no meaningful visibility into end customers and what they're doing with their inventory. They don't report to us. We don't see the change from week to week as we do in the case of distribution. So you know, they are – we presume doing what they think is the right thing for their business. But we have no color one way or the other.
Ganesh Moorthy: Are you talking about the trade discussion between the U.S. and China? Because I think that is that the entire point is going to be, the 25% tariff is creating uncertainty on both sides of the ocean, is creating uncertainty in other regions of the world as well.
Ganesh Moorthy: I think we see different news reports. We don’t have any direct insight into the discussions and decisions. I think there is a, in good faith effort to try to deescalate from where we are, and it may take more than one phase, but the rate at which that comes down and the time when it impacts, the products that we are designed into, our customers are impacted by is unclear to us.Even if there is a settlement, which creates a finality, the tariffs are not zero, tariffs are some number 10%, 15%, but they are constant and it’s not going to be another tweet which is going to increase those tariffs. Once the customers, distributors, contract manufacturers, everybody has that finality and they can run the business in a normal way and the inventories will get replenished. It is the uncertainty which causes it because they don’t know what the landed cost will be.
Ganesh Moorthy: So, as you note, the cross selling opportunities are all at the design in stage. So, these are platforms that get designed and then go to production over 18, 24 months of time. The design in activity is going extremely well. And across the board, the combined sales teams, combined business unit teams of Microchip are all highly focused on enabling that a new design. The environment today is really for products of design back in time. And that muted environment doesn’t change. But the seeds are being planted, new designs and the increased total system solutions were able to address are clearly will pay off in time as the current – as the new designs go to production in, 12, 18, 24 months of time.
Ganesh Moorthy: And I would add to it, the threat from local suppliers in China is nothing new. It's been there for many years. It's a question of do they have the types of products, the quality of the product, the capability to support the designs, the wide range of applications and customers that you need to be able to serve with it. You know, that is a very large task. And they may be more environment today that says, you know, you should consider more of a local supplier, but the task is very, very large for anybody who wants to do it. And if they could, they would have been doing it for several years before.
