Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everybody, for joining our call this morning. A few weeks ago, we hosted a conference for our global private equity and real asset clients. People from around the world came and spent three days with us at our first in-person event like this since 2019. I thought today, I’d share a handful of key takeaways from the event. First, as a whole, investment performance has never been stronger across the firm. This is a quarterly earnings call. So the discussion on investment performance tends to be focused on the last 90 days. But when you take a step back and look at inception to date IRRs across our key funds, we’ve been delivering differentiated absolute and relative performance for our clients. Second, we’ve talked a great deal on these calls about how we’re highly thematic in our investment approach. This was evident in all of the presentations. We think we got the macro right. And with volatility expected to continue and a more challenging economic environment ahead of us, it will be critical for us to continue to be on the right side of key macro trends and highly connected across the firm. Third, we’ve been balanced investors. As just one example, across our traditional PE funds over the last 12 months, we’ve returned more capital than we deployed. This is in contrast to perception and has helped us in the fundraising numbers that you’ve been seeing. Fourth, our newer businesses are off to a fantastic start. Over the last five years, we’ve launched a series of adjacencies that are early in their life cycle. You’re seeing innovation across our firm. And in our experience, it takes 10 years for businesses to scale and inflect in a way that can move the needle. So there continues to be a great deal of growth ahead of us. And finally, our people. We have never felt better about the talent in the firm. It was fun to be able to show up our deep bench at the conference. As we listen to three days of presentations and discussions, it becomes apparent, we have a unified team that is focused on generating exceptional outcomes. Our numbers speak to the strength, quality and resiliency, not only of our model, but of our most important asset, our people. As we step back from the conference and the markets for a minute, while there’s no doubt the operating environment has shifted compared to six months ago, we are not overly concerned with near-term volatility or the business cycle. In fact, nothing has changed about the path we are on. With record dry powder, multiple scaling businesses, a large and liquid balance sheet and further innovation and expansion underway, our confidence level is high. And we find it as exactly times like this when we make some of our best investments and strategic moves. So, our outlook has not changed, and we are focused on capitalizing on the opportunity any short-term market behavior gives us to create even greater long-term value for all of us. With that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. I think the only thing I’d add Craig, fundamentally, the companies are continuing to perform well. So I think you’re largely seeing some multiple contraction this quarter. But in terms of the underlying fundamental performance of the portfolio continues to be strong.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. Brian, just in terms of your question on the strategic focus, is there any change? The answer is no. I think it was really just recognition that these businesses had scaled both infrastructure and real estate were efforts that we started post financial crisis. And we’ve been in business building mode. We continue to be. But we found that there was a time a bit of a misunderstanding under the private markets prior segmentation. There is periodically a presumption that, that was mostly Private equity. And that’s just not the case, as you can see in the chart. Just to give you a sense for the numbers. We deployed about $40 billion in the first half of this year. real assets was $17 billion of the $40 billion; credit was $13 million; and private equity was $10 million. So to the – partially pick up the prior question on the deal environment, private equity has been sub-25% of our deployment over the last 12 months, give or take, and real assets just as a larger and larger part of our firm. So we thought it was time to break it out and share it with you more explicitly going forward, but no change in focus.
Scott Nuttall: It’s a great question, Chris. It’s Scott. And astute, so you’re right. We actually started piloting this program with our U.S. industrials private equity investments. And this was a bit over 10 years ago that we started this effort. And so some of what you’re seeing is some of those early investments now being exited, which is why you got C.H.I and MRP as the two examples that have happened in the very recent past. What we have done though is now that we’ve kind of developed this strategy as we are rolling this out across all of our control investments. In private equity starting in North America, and we’re actually looking at it now for Europe and potentially Asia as well. So it was piloted there, and we’re now expanding across everything that we do that’s control. So there’ll be more to come on this, but we’ve been really pleased with the results. And we think this effort is applicable across industries and geographies.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. Just more broadly, as a reminder, Rufus, as we came into this period of time in a really fortunate position around PE broadly, that we had raised the vast, vast majority of the capital for our flagship private equity funds before this year started, including the vast bulk of the capital for our core strategy. So while investors maybe take a little bit of time to get their bearings on PE in particular, that’s not really impacting much what we’re seeing in terms of PE fund raise. The vast majority of capital we’re raising right now is around credit and real assets where we continue to see a good amount of interest.
Rob Lewin: Good morning, Alex, it’s Rob. Thanks a lot for the question. When you look at the $44 billion of capital, that’s up, I think, $8 billion quarter-over-quarter from last quarter, blended management fee rate on that is just north of 1%, at 1.04%. And it’s spread pretty nicely across our three asset management businesses. And so in our private equity business, our core private equity business would be reflected in that number across real assets. You see our Asia Infrastructure strategy where so far, we’ve raised over $4 billion of capital, as Craig noted, that has not yet turned on, so it would be in that $44 billion figure. And then our credit business, most of our credit business, the closed-end funds are going to be turned on when that capital gets invested. And so it’s spread nicely across our three asset management businesses.
Rob Lewin: Hey Craig, good morning, it’s Rob. Thanks a lot for the question. Certainly, what you would have seen in the quarter is that our publics were down more than our privates. In part, that was impacted by an M&A trade where on one of our privates strategic trade that resulted in a north of $1 billion write-up on our private portfolio. I think you’re right, when you said it is only a 90-day period. I think that’s important to put into context. We feel really good about how we valued our book this quarter. We spent a lot of time on it. Of course, we’ve got a mix about DCF and comparable companies that are going to flow through and impact our marks. I do think it’s important, though, to think about coming into 2022 where our private equity performance was. And in 2019, we generated a 27% return for our investors. That was 17% in 2020 and 46% in 2021. So we came into this period of volatility with a lot of embedded gains. If you invested $1 with us, there’s a lot of ins and outs of course, but just on those returns alone. In 2019, it would still be worth close to $2 today with some of the marks that we’ve taken in Q2.
Rob Lewin: Hey Gerry, thanks for the question. Like most things, I think in our business, probably looking quarter-to-quarter is a little bit less relevant than looking over time. And since we initiated our buyback program several years ago, we’ve bought back or canceled approximately 85 million shares. I think that’s done, give or take, around $25 per share, which is a little bit lower than our book value today. And so when we look back at our body of work over the last several years, we feel good. In addition to that, if you look at Q2 in isolation, we had also completed the acquisition of KJRM, almost $2 billion and issued no equity as part of that. And so as we think about capital allocation and buybacks, what we are most focused on as a management team is ensuring that we drive the highest level of profitability on a per share basis, and there’s multiple ways of being able to get there. And ultimately, if we’re moving our capital around in a way that maximizes ROE, and we think that’s a real core competency of ours. Then ultimately, we will drive long-term best performance from a profitability on a per share basis. Our expectation is share buybacks are going to continue to be a part of that as we move forward.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Thanks a lot for the question. And so we’re probably going to stay away from providing levels of forward guidance, certainly on things like realization. I think what we will say though is that we’ve been really proud of our ability to be able to monetize through the first half of this year in a highly volatile environment. I think that speaks to a couple of things. Scott touched on the strength of our underlying portfolio. And no doubt, without real strong performance in our portfolio, we wouldn’t have been able to achieve those exits. It also speaks to the diversification of our business model. And what we have talked about over time is a real scaling of our capital that is eligible for carry as well as our deployment. And as a result of that, our expectation over time is you’re going to see our carried interest and realized performance income scaling over time and we think can be pretty significant scaling as we move out a number of years and some of our newer funds that are much larger start to get to scale and are maturing. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of color.
Rob Lewin: Patrick, you hit it perfectly. So the majority of that change in value is a result in really interest rates going up in the fixed income portfolio at Global Atlantic trading down. And so that’s what’s driving it. And as you think about our fee rate on the Global Atlantic pool of capital that’s materially lower than the rest of our business. And so that’s why you end up in a scenario where our management fees are pretty disproportional to what you see in terms of the change in value on our fee-paying assets.
Rob Lewin: Yes. And so we have no – thanks a lot for the question. We have nothing that’s imminent to report as it relates to secondaries, whether that’s organic or inorganic. It’s a space that we continue to look at with interest. It is certainly adjacent to our core private equity strategies across the firm. And so it’s one that we’re spending time on. I think what’s important to note is we’ve talked about our goals, our financial measures that we expect to achieve over the next four to five years generating $4-plus of FRE. That’s based on principally things that KKR is doing today. Doesn’t rely on any inorganic activity. And so while we’ll continue to look at the space, and spend time on it. There’s a lot of areas that we’re focused on KKR that are in front of us that we’ve started where we have track records, and we’ve got a lot of opportunity to scale this.
Rob Lewin: And then my quick follow-up in the quarter, we had realizations of about $400 million off the balance sheet, deployment of about $800 million, and that $800 million does not include the roughly $1.7 billion that went into the KJRM acquisition.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Rob, I’ll take both of those. And so on the monetization point, another positive area for us this quarter, and I think continues to show the momentum. So as we sit here today, based on transactions that have happened or where we have deals that have been signed up and we expect to close this quarter, we have visibility to around $500 million of monetization related revenue. So again, some pretty good momentum on the monetization front in spite of the environment that we’re in. And if we achieve those numbers, ballpark will be about 75% realized performance revenue and the balance from realized investment income. As it relates to Global Atlantic, you are right, in a rising rate environment. I think we see a little bit more momentum certainly in the individual channel from a sales perspective. And flows this quarter were really strong. They were about $6 billion of total inflows in the quarter, which is a great quarter for GA. Again, there’s no block activity in that number. And the spread, give or take, around 100 basis points in the business. And so we’re feeling really good about how GA is positioned going into this period of time and their relationships across the bank and broker-dealer channel I think have served them really well and to take advantage of what is quite an apply environment in terms of annuity sales.
Rob Lewin: Yes, sure. Thanks, Brian. And so we’re not going to give specific numbers on individual deals as it relates to the Q3 monetization. I think the punchline is we feel pretty good across the board in terms of our ability to generate monetization outcomes at least so far this year. And you’ve seen that in Q1 and Q2, and we’re off to a good start in Q3. As it relates to Marshall Wace, maybe just take a step back, we feel great about that partnership. They’re north of $60 billion of AUM today, when we started that partnership. That business was right around $20 billion of AUM maybe a touch below. So they’ve done just a phenomenal job on behalf of their clients and have grown considerably as a result. Again, year-to-date, they’ve got a bunch of different strategies. But overall, the performance has been strong. It’s been on the positive side. We’ll see how things wrap up between now and the end of September. As you know, that will dictate their annual incentive fee for most of what they do. And so as we sit here today, they’re in positive territory, certainly not quite like last year, but we feel overall, just great about that partnership so far.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Just a quick follow-up there, Rufus. So of our $115 billion of dry powder, approximately $13 billion of that is in core Private equity. So we came into this period of time with a lot of firepower in that part of our business. And as Craig said, we feel pretty advantaged. And as we think about owning businesses in that part of our business for a 10- to 15-year period of time, gives you just a different lens in being able to evaluate acquisition opportunities and some of the things that might matter more than a three- to five- to seven-year investment might matter a little bit less when your hold period for that duration of time. So we would continue to expect there to be a real deployment across that business over the next several quarters.
Craig Larson: And then Alex, it’s Craig. Maybe just on point two. Look, I think as it relates to deployment, it’s interesting. A couple of things. One, just on the stacks. private equity and real assets deployment in the first half of the year was $27 billion. That’s up from 12% in the first half of last year. So, when you look broadly in terms of overall level of activity, you’ve actually seen a healthy amount of activity. Now your point on the state of the credit markets, though, is certainly a fair one. I think we’re seeing a couple of dynamics there. Announced M&A as a whole is down. So, I think when you look at new issuance, you’re seeing that, that overall new issuance number is down. I think banks to us are feeling more cautious. So, I think when you’re seeing both of those things reflected in terms of overall levels of activity in the private credit markets. But I think importantly, markets are open and functioning and we still have the ability to finance transactions. We’re not at a point where our ability to finance transactions is impacting our ability to get things done.
Craig Larson: Hey Brian, it’s Craig. Why don’t I start? I’m sure on the overarching question you’re asking, Scott will add. Look, I think in terms of the two businesses, you mentioned in infrastructure, you’re right, we have seen really dramatic scaling in both of those businesses. If you go back to our Investor Day in April of last year, we walked through infrastructure as a case study of how honestly; we look to build investment platforms. Begin with strong performance of flagship strategies and then look to scale and innovate at the same time. And that innovation can come geographically as a big with Asia infra, and it also could come in terms of expansion into new risk/reward as we’ve seen also with core infra. So we have, at this point, three distinct market segments in Infra. We’ve got the global infra funds series, Asia diversified core. It’s interesting at that Investor Day again a little over a year ago. We gave some goals or targets we set out. AUM at that point was $17 billion. We estimated that Infra AUM at the end of this year would exceed $30 billion. We’re in the high 50s now. So we’ve obviously had a lot of success there, all organic. We talked to management fees doubling from $150 to about $300 for 2022. Through the first six months, we’re at $170. So we’re comfortably on our way to exceeding that target. And in terms of real estate, really from a blank – beginning with a bank like late in 2013, the platform has grown into a powerful, fully integrated platform $60 billion of AUM today split pretty equally between debt and equity. We have over a dozen vehicles with independent economics. So I think when we look at how we’re situated and the opportunities for continued growth, on top of that, we feel great about how we’re positioned. And then you’re right, as it relates to the opportunities that we have to continue to grow and invest in a lot of the areas of ESG. I think to date, you’ve seen that both through our impact strategy. You’ve also seen that through our infrastructure strategy. So nothing new to report on that as it relates to how we think about renewals or a dedicated strategy along those lines, nothing to report today. But I think you’ll continue to see that as a real focus of ours. It’s absolutely one of the six or seven core themes that we’re pursuing on a global basis.
Craig Larson: Hey Fin, it’s Craig. Thanks for the question. FSK is obviously a publicly-traded entity. It got its own management team, its own shareholders, its own board. So really, it’s probably a better question for their upcoming earnings call and not ours. Just in terms of FSK, broadly, we’re really pleased with the performance of the business and the progress that we’ve seen over the last couple of years. But in terms of your specific question on fee structure, we point you to FSK.
Craig Larson: Thanks Mike. So why don’t I begin? Just first, as it relates to overall AUM, we have about $70 billion in total. That’s in three buckets. That includes funds and strategies that we market through channels. That also includes the efforts of our own team that is focused on direct sales and activities with wealth and private wealth and high net worth and ultra high net worth individuals. And then that also includes the democratized piece that you’re mentioning, which was a hair below $6 billion as of June 30. In terms of the update on the democratized front, so first on KREST. So reminder on KREST, we began taking third-party capital in June of 2021. As of June 2022, it was $1.3 billion. It crossed that $1 billion threshold earlier this year, obviously. We believe that’s the fastest that any private REIT has crossed that threshold. Performance has been very strong. Net annualized returns net north of 20%. And the distribution footprint is growing, which is great to see. So as I know you will be well aware, in particular, there are three main wire houses in the U.S. KREST has been on e of those since launch. It was onboarded at a second quite recently within the last week, actually, and it’s scheduled to be launched on the third in the coming weeks. So also in Q3 and these are important milestones for us with the wire houses. And at the same time, we’re focused on expanding distribution. That’s true as it relates to the RIA and broker-dealer channels domestically as well as the private wealth channels internationally. So we feel great about the long-term path that KREST is on, the performance that’s delivered and the opportunity ahead of us. And then as it relates again to the – just your questions on democratize where we are holistically. Again, AUM in total was 5.7% a year ago. It was at 3.5%. We’ve been hiring distribution talent and we expect to continue to do so as we think about broadening distribution of these products. And then finally, you’re going to see more innovation here. So we expect over the coming two or three quarters, we’ll have launched democratized, infrastructure and private equity strategies, and we expect to see those launched quite broadly, both in the U.S. as well as internationally. So I think to date, these democratized products have really been focused in real estate and credit. And it feels to us like there’s real interest in expanding those opportunities into additional asset classes like Infra and PE, where honestly, there’s a lot more white space for us. So I think with our track record, our ability to innovate the brand, how we’re positioned, it just feels like we’re really well positioned.
Craig Larson: Got it. First, as it relates to the revenue and EBITDA trends I think as Scott noted at the outset, we’ve been really well situated given the focus we have and the themes that we’ve invested behind. So the underlying performance of the portfolio of companies continues to be quite strong. So we’re in – looking back historically and we look at this on a fair value weighted basis, the revenue and EBITDA growth that we’ve seen in the private equity portfolio is in double digits on a trailing 12-month basis. So we’ve been really pleased with the resiliency that you’ve been seeing in terms of the underlying private equity portfolio. And then as it relates to the growth strategies that we’ve seen in performance this quarter, again, recognizing that the S&P and MSCI were down 16% in the quarter, our next-gen tech portfolio was down in the low double digits. Healthcare was actually up honestly in the quarter. So I think in the quarter, a really volatile period, we feel good about that overall performance and in particular, feel very good about the performance and the experience that our LPs have had on an inception-to-date basis.
Craig Larson: So I think we feel – and Rufus, thanks. I think on core, we’re just really thrilled with how the business is positioned. The opportunities for us, as we think about our trajectory going forward. Now just to give you a sense, two years ago, AUM was $12 billion as of June 30, that number is 32%. And you’re going to see that through our balance sheet. You’ll see that through the management fee line. Over time, with continued performance, you’ll see that in investment income. And again, you’re going to see that over time as it relates to capital markets. So we have a number of ways to win, which is exciting for us. That business is global. So I think it’s just – it continues to feel like the business is wonderfully well positioned. On the deployment outlook, again, we’re in a choppy environment. So we’ll have to see the willing buyer, willing seller dynamic, certainly, but as we think about the long-term trajectory and opportunity for us, just feel exceptionally and uniquely well positioned.
Craig Larson: Chris thanks for your help and thank you everybody for joining us. We really appreciate the time and attention on our quarterly results. And if we don’t speak with you in between, I look forward to chatting with everybody next quarter. Thank you again.
Rufus Hone: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to the fund performance in traditional Private equity. Could you give us a little more detail around the fundamental performance of the portfolio companies, you gave us some helpful metrics related to the core PE book. And I was wondering, how that was tracking relative to the core book. And could you also update us on the marks in growth equity this quarter? Thank you.
Rufus Hone: It was around the marks in growth equity this quarter. If you could provide us any detail, that would be great. Thank you.
Rufus Hone: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I wanted to come back to your earlier comments around returning more capital to LPs than you’ve deployed, and that’s helping conversations in Private equity. And I was wondering whether you’ve seen any change in LP appetite for core Private equity, and how do you view the outlook for deployment there? thank you.
