Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everybody for joining our call today. I'm going to touch on 3 topics this morning. The first is 2019. As you heard from Craig and Rob, we finished the year well. Most important is the progress we made over the course of the year. Management fees were up 15% while book value per share grew 24%, and our return on equity which we look at on a month basis, was 24% for the year. Our model of third-party assets plus capital markets plus our balance sheet is working. And in 2019, we grew virtually all our businesses and launched several new platforms, including a number of strategies in Asia as well as our global impact effort. So, we're pleased with the year and view our progress as an important bridge to the opportunity we have ahead of us. This brings me to my second topic, visibility. We have more visibility now than I can recall in our 10 years as a public company. As introduced on this call last quarter, we expect to launch fundraising for our three largest flagship funds over the next several months. And over the next 3 years, we expect to be fundraising for over 20 additional strategies, many of which are now between fund 2 and fund 5 with strong track records on top of a growing investor base. In addition, our unrealized carried interest is up to 62% over the last 12 months, and our cash carry eligible AUM is up 60% over the last few years. Given all this visibility, our confidence is high. Assuming the fundraising environment continues to cooperate and we continued investment performance, we believe, we can grow our management fees by at least 50% over the next 3 years. And about 18 months ago, at our July 2018, Investor Day, we shared with assumptions more conservative than our actual experience. We felt, we could double pre-tax distributable earnings and book value per share over the next 5 years, and then roughly do it again, over the subsequent products. Given our progress and visibility, our conviction in being able to exceed these numbers is higher today than it was 18 months ago. Finally, I want to discuss our shareholder base. As you know, we've converted to a C-Corp about 18 months ago. We felt changing our corporate structure would make our stock easier to buy and easier to own, greatly expanding the universe of investors that could own our stock. That has proven to be the case. We've seen a significant change in our investor base with many more mutual funds and index funds owning our stock, and we've been added to several indices. We're still introducing ourselves to investors that are new to the space and new to KKR. So, the full impact of the C-Corp conversion we believe is not yet in our stock. As we've been out meeting new investors, we have learned that many are benchmark indices that we are not in today and they are less likely to be shareholders of ours as a result. One of the largest index families where we are not included is the Russell. We believe being part of Russell's indices would allow us to further our goal of broadening our shareholder base and is the sensible next step on our journey to getting proper price discovery and a proper valuation for our stock. So, we're discussing with our Board taking the steps necessary to be included in the Russell indices when they rebalance this spring. We will keep you posted on the details. We thank you for your partnership and we're happy to take your questions. And Krystal, we could ask everybody, I just going to say, ask everyone in the queue, if they wouldn't mind asking one question a follow-up. That would just let us to make sure we work our way all through the queue. Thanks in advance.
Scott Nuttall: Yes, Craig. It's Scott. Look, I think what you should take from this is that we're working with our Board to take the steps required for Russell inclusive. So, the answer to your question is that we are in that process right now and that's our expectations.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks Gerry. I'm going to ask Craig to do the first part and I'll give some thoughts on the back end.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks Mike. Look, I think the message on the balance sheet is that it's been performing really well. As you can see from the charts in the deck, we've continued to see very attractive compounding over the course of the last year, which is just continuing what we've seen since we changed the dividend policy at the end of 2015. So, the message is that we're really pleased with the underlying performance of the balance sheet. I think we've been very happy with the repositioning that we've made it and we're getting closer to our asset allocation targets. So, it's all going according to plan. In terms of how do you think about how much of that we're going to realize that is going to be very hard to give you any specific guidance, but what I will tell you that we watched is, what is the embedded unrealized gains that we have within that balance sheets. And the point is that we're trying to make, if you look at some of the slides and you look at Slide 6 in particular in the deck. It's the unrealized gains continues to increase. We're now at a record level. So embedded within that 22 billion of balance sheet assets is a $2 billion unrealized gains that we think will be realized over the next several years. And that's on top of the regular way dividends and other investment income that we received from the balance sheet. So what I would tell you is, expect to see a general upward bias as we continue to execute our balance sheet strategies. So that upward bias would not only be on book value per share, but also overtime unrealized gains and investment income.
Scott Nuttall: Yes, thanks for the questions, Glenn. I appreciate you're clarifying. So, let's take it in pieces. To be clear, the 700 million of unrealized gains that we expect to be coming through, sorry, in terms of carry and unrealized gains on the balance sheet, that's on the exit side. So, those are things that we are exiting from the portfolio. And for the most part, exits don't result in capital markets fees. Where the capital markets fees tend to come from is exits that may be related to things like IPOs, or secondary's. But the vast majority of the capital market fees are probably going to be from newer transactions or refinancings or activities in the portfolio on a regular way basis. So that's the first distinction I want to make. The second thing I want to make clear is we are not guiding you down on capital markets. What we're trying to do is make sure that you understand how we see the capital markets business from quarter-to-quarter. And a lot of that is going to be driven by that new deal activity or that refinancing activity level that I referenced. And so it's purely us is trying to give you a sense for what we see in terms of how the business is beginning to function, which is a baseline, that even without large new deal activity, which we see a significant amount of confidence. And that's that 60 to 70 range that Rob mentioned. And then on top of that, when we have large transactions, like we did in Q4, you will see some potentially meaningful upsides. And that's how you get to this kind of 100 million plus kind of numbers that we've been recording six over the last eight quarters. And that's why we've been averaging about $450 million, $500 million a year for the last few years. So we're just trying to do the build up with you so that we have a way of talking about it with you going forward. And hopefully can help you understand you know why the results are coming out the way they are.
Scott Nuttall: Short answer is no and we saw the articles too, I think just to be real clear on elaborating. So I think this is a Dave & Buster's investment that we made that got some attention. I think frankly, we got a quite a bit of attention because of the consumer services nature. But to be clear, there's nothing new here from our standpoint. We made 40 investments over the last several years. In public companies $3 billion and we're not activists in the traditional sense. We're working with the management teams of those companies in a constructive manner. I think that the press did a bit, frankly.
Scott Nuttall: Alex, I think we're really happy with our strategy. So, I think the way we think about it is we changed dividend policy at the end of 2015, we basically, we're targeting a level that was at about S&P 500 or S&P Financials dividend yield. And, not to say that the hard and fast rule, but that's we have been in and around there since we made that change to bit below. And as you can see, what's been happening since we made that change and the book value per share has been compounding and we've bought back quite a bit of stock along the way. I think you should expect us to continue that general capital management policy, which is a steady annual increase in the dividends, and then buybacks that really are used at a minimum offset share dilution from compensation. And so, those two elements of our strategy we are very pleased. We think that will allow us to compounded book value per share to very attractive rate, and also give us a capital we need to invest in growth.
Scott Nuttall: Rob, one thing, it's quite one thing I would add, it is interesting when you look at the overall PE performance in 2019. The portfolio as a whole was up 27%. Our privates were up 17%. So certainly strong performance as relates to the private part of the portfolio. Our public's we're up over 60%. And so often as it relates to those companies that are our public, those often are more mature investments for us. And you've seen some of the benefits of that even in the second half of the year with investments and monetization, as we've seen in companies like SoftwareONE and Trainline. Such as, again, I think that's another interesting data point.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. So I guess what I would say, Rob, is I wouldn't get too worried about what happens in any one quarter. Well, we keep an eye on those two embedded gains on the balance sheet as we referenced, and then the unrealized carried within our underlying AUM and both of those are at record levels and up significantly over the last 12 months. And so that's we're keeping an eye on for both the near-term and the intermediate term.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Bill. It's Scott. Our expectations is, right, we are going to be continuing to scale our businesses and that will allow us to bring margins up. We're going to be in reinvesting some of that back into growth in distribution, technology and a number of other areas. Our view is that, net of all that will allow us to increase our margins over the next several years. And so, that should be your general expectation is that you will see that margin gravitate upward. We're not going to give any guidance per se by period, but that is what we are working to continuing that of the reinvestment.
Scott Nuttall: I think your expectations should be that we continue to grow our balance sheet while we continue to grow our feed paying AUM. I think that should be your general expectations. From a capital management standpoint, I think our investors should expect that we're going to continue to compound book value, while we compound AUM.
Craig Larson: Let me just take the first part of that and let Scott add -- Craig, it's as Craig, look. First, we actually like to thank you for your thoughts and persistence on this issue. I know you've asked us as well as their peers about this for a few earnings cycles in a row now. But look, I think overall as it relates to incremental buying that can come from two places. First, our ETFs and strategies that are linked directly to the Russell 1000, 2000; and the math for that's pretty straightforward, I know you and most of your peers have done that. And the second piece really relates to mutual funds that are benchmarks to those indices, and our ability to market ourselves through those institutions and increase our mindshare. And so, as we look at it, it's really the second piece that to us, we think we can be more powerful than the first. Now, it's not going to be immediate, it's going to take elbow grease and some fortitude, but that's okay. So, as we put those two pieces together and gain conviction, it just felt like that was a sensible next step for us and trying to get proper valuation.
Craig Larson: Yes, thanks Patrick. It's Craig and we have been asked by a number of folks, if we could quantify our direct presence in China. So, the largest part of our business in China is within Private Equity. And when you look at the fair value of investments the companies based in China as a percentage of our AUM, it's a low single-digit percentage of our AUM. So, it's between a 1% and a 1.5%. Just to answer, now again, there is obviously a very large human element as it relates to what everyone is experiencing, but in terms of the specific question, that's the exposure.
Craig Larson: Yes, sure. So, and Gerry, thanks for the question. So last quarter, as I know, you will remember, we highlighted the three benchmark strategies that we expect to be launched over the coming 12 months that's Asia PE, Americas PE and Global Infra; and we're fundraising for our Asia PE strategy currently. Now, alongside of that, we also have noted that there were over 20 additional strategies that we expect to be fundraising over the next three years. So, I think overall from a scaling aspect, there are actually a few prongs to this. The first is that, moving from fund 1 to fund 2, to 3 to 4, I think that piece is pretty easy to understand. This quarter, the growth that we've seen in our next-gen tech fund with its final close, this quarter being three times the first is a great example. Second part of the geographic expansion, again, we talked to the first close this quarter of our global infrastructure strategy, relative -- excuse me, our asia infrastructure strategy as a geographic expansion alongside of our global infrastructure presence. Third would be adjacencies for fundraising for core real estate strategy that fits nicely within the suite of strategies we have within real estate. And that's alongside of the growth and scaling we have from our distribution channels, insurance and retail or both topics we've touched on historically as well as our PE expansion. So, I think you've combined all of those things and we see certainly a lot of upside, and as Scott had referenced on the call the conviction that we have in our ability to at least see management fees for at least by 50% again over the next 6 years. Now, in terms of your question on scaling and timing, we don't have any specific guidance on when you would see that. Again, we've launched fundraising for one of those three benchmark strategies. We haven't launched fundraising for the other two benchmark strategies. So, I think in that three year timeframe, reasonable to think that again that run rate number really you would see the back end of that period, but we feel very good about the opportunity we have and the first steps we're taking.
Craig Larson: I'd say, Brian, let me touch on private markets, first, few things to know. First, as it relates to private equity. We have been seen more opportunity better risk reward outside of U.S. And part of that is valuation related if you look at total returns over the last 5 years returns of the S&P has exceeded the MSCI Asia-Pacific by almost 2 times. So I think we have been seeing that risk reward and you see that in some of the deployment figures. And some of that is secular, so we talked about cause for some time of the drivers of our activity in Japan, in that continues. Activity in Europe almost has three prongs. So there are corporate partnerships. There are growth and tech opportunities. And we're making investments alongside of families. We've done this recently Germany as well as Sweden. Asia again, we talked about the partnerships in Japan. We acquired Campbell's international as a carve-out from Campbell Soup company for our core strategy, another example of a carve-out transaction. And I think in an area like infrastructure, we've been leaning into mid-stream. So over the course of the year, we closed out of Western Canadian midstream joint venture in all the pipeline investment in Abu Dhabi. So that's been inactive area as well. And again, as I think as it relates to public markets. I think what, and we touched on this in the prepared remarks. The activity that we saw in private credit, both here and in Europe was interesting. The syndicated market in the second half of last year was very unfriendly to new issuers in a something whether well-known to the market recession was very poor, again goes back to now this Scott. Now, this backdrop will be great for private credit solutions and that's really what you saw in the back half from deployment standpoint.
Craig Larson: Mike, it's Craig. Let me take the first part. So on the retail and high net worth side, the high net worth excuse me. Look, we've gone from about 9 billion of AUM in 2015 to 37 billion today. And so that CAGR is approaching 60%. And on the one hand, while those numbers are significant, and that dollar value is significant, it still feels to us like we're just getting started. But when you look at the capital that we raise from individuals, that's high net worth, ultra high net worth platforms, that number was about 20% of new capital raised in 2019 which is actually a little higher than that. So, it's a significant number and I think as we think about the opportunities in this channel, we do think our brand is something that is really helping for us. It's a great asset. Now, in terms of the end of the question as it relates to the definition of an accredited investor, a couple of thoughts there. Look, I think we're encouraged by the SEC's efforts to expand that definition in standard. Now in terms of activity to-date, almost all of our structures are private CCC 7 funds, which can only be offered to qualified purchasers as opposed to accredited investors. So, the impact of this in terms of what we've been doing is actually a little muted. However, looking forward, we have several initiatives for retail high network and development that we focus on the space. And so, I think the proposed amendment, if it's adopted would expand that pool of investors.
Craig Larson: And Bill, it's Craig. The only thing I'd add on that is, remember, employees own roughly 40% of the stock. So, there is great alignment in terms of the stock price, and that is something that from IR standpoint, we feel everybody when you go to lunch room. So, just kick that up in mind at the same time.
Craig Larson: Thank you, Krystal. Thank you, everybody for joining the call. Please, of course, follow-up with us with any additional questions. We look forward to chatting next quarter.
Rob Lewin: It's Rob. We think we have -- yes. So, based on where we are today, we have either closed or signed approximately 700 million worth of deals across our realized carried interest and realized investment income. We would expect that 700 million to be realized through the first half of 2020. As a point of comparison, it's probably helpful. This number was roughly 400 million at this time last year. So, we feel pretty good at this stage of the year as it relates to what our exit profile looks like.
Rob Lewin: Gerry, the one thing I'd add is that, the Investor Day and subsequently, we have shared slides on kind of showing where we are for some of these platforms relative to where the largest player is in. As a reminder, we only want to be in business is where we think, we are on a path to be top 3. And so, the point we've been trying to make is there's a ton of opportunity for us to meaningfully scale a number of these businesses that we started. I think the short answer of your question is, we are on track or ahead today and where we thought we would be. When we put that slide up for the first time in 2018 and that's everything from infrastructure, real estate equity and credit growth, core equity, and then our broader corporate credit business, which we're focused on doubling again from here. So, I feel really good about it and several of those are right in that inflection point today or nearing it. So, that's one of the reasons you hear us speaking with such conviction on the visibility that we have for the firm.
Rob Lewin: No problem. There's not one specific metric that we take a look at. Really, we're focused on what the overall growth of our business profile looks like. What we have said and continued to believe is that, we want to increase our dividends overtime as the business scales, but we also want to share that we're ensured that we're retaining a significant amount of our capital to reinvest back into our business where we continue to see a ton of opportunity and also have additional capital available for share buyback activity.
Rob Lewin: Sure, as a starting point, I'd focus on the annual numbers and less the quarterly numbers and so we're at 39% this year and 40% last year of what we communicated. As you know, is that we're targeting a low 40% level that is build a target. But we certainly hope to continue to scale our revenue and be in a position where we can bring that number down over time. And as we think about comp margin, we also do keep a close eye on overall operating margins, which were at 50% for the year and other target for us, and I do think it's fair to say that as we thought about our Q4 comp margin, we certainly had an eye towards that 50% overall margin and wanted to try and achieve that.
Rob Lewin: Hi, Alex, this is Rob. It's a timing issue. We had a couple of fund strategies that closed at the end of the quarter. One that was meaningfully sized and so it shows in our U.S. asset under management and so we're not going start collecting management fees until Q1.
Rob Lewin: So high level, you're right. We have created a number of new strategies over the course of the last several years. And as we talked about in the past, right, 18, the 22 investment strategies we have with the firm are new in the last decade, but the number of those businesses were started now multiple years ago. So 5, 6, 7, 8 years ago, it probably felt like there was a much higher percentage of brand new. As we sit here today is we're getting on the fund 2, fund 3 for a number of these strategies. We actually don't feel as new as an enterprise as we did at that point, internally. And so in terms of the running of the business, the investment process, the short answer is we haven't had to change it. And what we have done is we've created investment committees that are relevant to each of those strategies, and portfolio committee that are relevant each of those strategies, which is how we run the firm a very long time. We have hired people into the firm to help us fill those businesses alongside existing, taking our executives. And everyone was hired into the firm's one firm comp structure. So everyone signed up for the culture and the compensation structure that we've always operated under. So there's no change there either. And so as we built those around the world and across strategies, we've been very purposeful and trying to make sure that we do it the way we built all KKR businesses. And so it really hasn't been the things that we've had pressure on changing our process, or changing our comp structure away from what you would normally expect, given some of these businesses are a little bit more market facing than some others.
Rob Lewin: I think it's pretty broad base. But we're seeing inside of the firm is that a number of the businesses that we just talked about, that were created over the last 5 to 10 years and you understand that the management teams show up before the carry. But a number of those businesses are now maturing and a number of those pools of capital are getting into their carry earning and carry paying years. And that's part of the reason you could see the Slide 4 of the deck that Rob walk through that 58 billion of cash carry paying AUM going to 93 billion. That is very broad base when you look beneath it. Is Asia, Europe and the U.S. and it is across multiple different businesses and strategies. And so this, when we think about the latent earnings power of the firm, part of the reason we have this confidence is we have been watching these investments mature and now would be a, these funds being above their hurdle rate and getting into the cash carry paying face. And so it is really broad base, there's no specific team I would call out for you. And that's part of the reason that we continue to see our carry diversifying and continuing to increase.
Rob Lewin: No, Brian. That's 50 to 70 range that we gave would include our third-party Capital Markets business and we pay those at decent role of sum. So, right now, that's going to be roughly a quarter of our business going forward. In terms of being able to grow that baseline I think that comes from two areas. I think that comes from a continued growth of the KKR platform across different asset classes and continued penetration of our third-party Capital Market that has a lot of momentum right now. S, those will be the two areas that we think will help to get that base line number up overtime.
Rob Lewin: Just to be really clean Brian, just to jump in. So, the 50 to 70 again, excludes what we seeing from the larger transactions. Last two years, we deployed and it's indicated a sum total about $30 billion per year. So, we expect to have large transactions over the course of any given year and the messages in some quarters, they close and in some quarters they don't and that's over time to clarify. But, to be clear, the 15 to 70 without those and something like Q4, which is a $107 million we have one of those close. So, we're just trying to be transparent with it.
Rob Lewin: I'd say the larger deals are going to be likely more skewed, especially the ones where we make 30 to 70 million per transaction, they tends to have an equity and debt syndication element. You can have A larger third-party deal as well, but they tend to top out in the 10 of $20 million range just to give a sense.
Rob Lewin: So, that number is specifically around our balance sheet. In both cases, we did a dividend, a large dividend in both Q3 and Q4 out of Fiserv. I'd say on a run rate basis, well, they're not going to get a specific number. But your run rate, interested dividend line item is going to be closer and more in the ballpark of what it was in Q4 of 2018 and what has been in Q3 or Q4 of 2019.
Rob Lewin: Basically what we did, Chris, is we did a second draw on the margin loan that we talked about last quarter against our Fiserv position. And so that was, but we shows up as a dividend as opposed to some kind of sale that's all.
Rob Lewin: So yes, that's right. That's both carry and as I realized carry, and a realized balance sheet investment income, and we think the first half of 2020. And we can see today and it's the end of January, I think, is the important point. So this, we will, that's why we got a lot of visibility even and it's not even February yet.
Rob Lewin: I don't think Michael, I would call it elevated, I just say one place, we probably did see it elevated over the course of the year, as Craig mentioned around private credit in the fourth quarter, which, if you look at our alternative credit strategies, we deployed 4 billion, that's a big number. If you were to analyze that I don't think, I think that would be a bit misleading. So when I look at the year as a whole, as I kind of mentioned over the last couple years, we've been in and around $30 billion of deployment and syndicated capital. And given our growing capital base and the growing activity we have all around the world. I think all else equal you would expect to see that number continue to go up.
Rob Lewin: The only thing I would add Michael is a high level. We're going to be introducing multiple products into the retail space and we're hiring more people as we're staffing up to do even more retail over the next several years. And so, you will continue to hear us talk about that and my expectation is over time the number Craig mentioned, which is about 20% of last year's capital raised, that 20% I think is kind of going up.
Rob Lewin: We deployed off the balance sheet of roughly a $1 billion of capital through the year and then we monetize roughly 350 million of capital through the quarter. So 1 billion of deployment and 350 monetization.
