Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob. It's been a dynamic three months since our last call and there's certainly more information to process and uncertainty to navigate. While environments like this are anxiety creating for most, it is exactly times like this, when the strength of our culture and business model becomes more apparent. Our connected firm and culture is excellent at making sure information travels and opportunities find the right pools of capital. With valuations down and costs of capital up, more companies need solutions that are not readily apparent and our clients want more information. The result is the investments we make during times like these have the potential for higher returns and our clients develop an even better understanding of what makes us special. Said another way, when dislocation occurs, you get a real sense for culture and investment acumen, and we feel incredibly well-positioned for this environment. We have record dry powder. We have clients that trust us. We have multiple growing businesses globally. We have sustained our connected culture and we feel ready for what's next. I'm sure we'll talk more to today about the macro and what all this means, but regardless of speculation about near term rates, inflation and the economy, we remain focused on executing our strategy and confident we will achieve the five-year plan we shared with you in November. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Scott Nuttall: Great. Thanks for the question, Alex. It's Scott. Good morning. We've heard some of the same comments you have regarding the environment. You're right. We're not really being impacted by this dynamic, but let me give you a little bit of color on what we're seeing and why that's the case. It is true. We are hearing from some LPs that they're seeing GPs come back to the market faster than expected and is a bit of a crowding effect. This is particularly true from our seats around the more traditional and institutional investors. So think some of the public pension funds and some sovereign wealth, but importantly, it's the traditional investors in private equity proper. We're not hearing that about other alternative asset classes. We're also not hearing that from newer investors in the alternative asset class broadly defined including PE. So from our vantage point, we raised $26 billion in the first quarter, $132 billion in the last 12 months and as a reminder, we raise almost all of our flagship private equity funds over the last couple of years. So it's a bit over $40 billion for that fund cycle. So any private equity market crowding is just not impacting what we're doing today. If you look at where we're raising money this year, most of the dollars we're raising is around real estate, infrastructure and credit, where we have a lot of investor interest. If anything, we're seeing that interest go up as inflation and rates rise. So we're really not experiencing that crowding dynamic for multiple reason and that's before you even get to the increased interest from private wealth and insurance company and all the new entrants that we've talked about in prior quarters. So we continue to feel great about how we're positioned. We're not changing our plans for the year. And in terms of your question about what do we see, kind of down the road that could impact us, there's nothing negative. We're kind of feeling a little bit like right now, real assets and credit where you want to be and we're lined up well against that.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Michael it's Scott. Let me just add a couple things. As you know, we have taken this thematic approach the last several years. One of the things that we have been focused on besides some of the very specific themes we've discussed in the past is we knew at some point inflation would show up. So we've been quite focused on investing in businesses all around the world that have real pricing power. And that's part of the reason I think you've seen the portfolio perform well, and in terms of your question about how we're helping our portfolio companies, in addition to the very specific procurement programs and other things that we do to kind of be able to use our scale thoughtfully, we're making sure that they have access to the information that we have, that the information is traveling. They can see what we're seeing across the markets and I think that's helped them get ahead of what you know is kind of happening in some of these supply chains. And the portfolio is performing well. Our stats through last year revenues and EBITDA in a lot of parts of what we're doing up 20%, 30%, we continue to see very strong trends in the first quarter, despite the macro backdrop.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah, of course. All good questions. Thanks Mike. So, there's obviously a lot of pros and cons across our business as it relates to a rising rate environment. But on balance, we feel like we're relatively pretty well positioned. You reference that we've got a very sizable credit business. Most of our leverage credit AUM is floating rate in nature. Most of our private credit AUM is also floating rate in nature. And so as interest rates go up, our returns will go up. And as you know, most of our fun products, our hurdles are fixed. So the likelihood of earning additional incentives goes up as well. On the whole, as we look at Global Atlantic and there's some puts and takes, we think a rising rate environment over time is largely a net positive to Global Atlantic and what you can see certainly is rising rates impacting the fixed income book you referenced, but our assets and liabilities are very well matched at Global Atlantic and so as interest rates rise, the value of your liabilities effectively offset the degradation and value in your assets, in a rising rate environment. I think the other important point to note across KKR and I reference this in our prepared remarks, think about our own liability structure. We've set ourselves up a 20-year duration capital that's all fixed in nature at less than a 3% after-tax cost of debt. And then I think the last thing that we think about at KKR in this kind of a rising rate environment, increased volatility in the markets, potential for multiples to come down is we sit on $115 billion of dry powder across the firm. That's a record number for us and really allows us, I think, to be on our front foot as it relates to investing through this period of time.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah. The only color I'd add Brian is historically, if you look back when we've shared kind of a view as to where we might end up, we've had a tendency to outperform. Our intention is to continue that record.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah, it's a good question. I'd say it's still very much weighted towards our traditional private equity products, our regional private equity products today, but you are starting to see a climb in our unrealized carried interest in infrastructure real estate in particular. And as we think about mix and as we look forward to what that can become over time, we certainly see a much higher percentage of our realized carried interests coming from areas like infrastructure and real estate and parts of our credit business.
Scott Nuttall: Sure. It's Rob. So what we've announced is at current exchange rates, I think close to $14-ish billion of incremental AUM, that's all perpetual capital to managed REITs in the Japan market, we see a lot of opportunity to grow that franchise in Japan. We see a real opportunity to leverage that team and their strength in the Japan markets for the benefit of both our core plus franchise in Japan, as well as our opportunistic franchise in the region. So we believe we should be able to raise more capital from those strategies as a result of this transaction. And lastly, we're setting up our capital markets business to make sure that we're able to support the franchise locally in Japan, as they pursue acquisitions on quite a regular or basis, as well as refinancings. In terms of the economic implications, what we set is that our expectation is on a synergized basis. We should be able to deliver around a $100 million of incremental FRE from that platform in 2023.
Scott Nuttall: It's been strong and they've done a couple things, I think really well. One, they launched the second REIT, which has had a good market following trading at a really nice level relative to book and their organic flows have been strong as well. So this is a business that was started not all that long ago by me to BC [ph] and UBS together. And so really it's been their entire growth has been organic in nature.
Scott Nuttall: No, that's a one quarter view based on what we have line of sight on today. So that would be all Q2.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks Craig. Maybe I'll start and Craig will chip in here along the way. In terms of just state of the union to our AsiaPac business, we've talked about this in prior calls. We have every expectation that over time, our AsiaPac business will be as big as our US business and we're investing behind that deal and I think the acquisition of the Japanese REIT manager is very much consistent with that overall theme. Just to put some numbers around it. I think at the end of 2019, we had about $20 billion of AUM in AsiaPac. Two plus years forward proforma for the acquisition, we're close to $55 billion. So almost a tripling of our AUM in a short period of time. I think we've got a lot of competitive advantages in the region and we've got a real opportunity to take advantage of that head start, we have the access, we have to talent really across the region to be able to drive further growth. In terms of the strategic merits of the acquisition, honestly, that piece of it was a really short conversation. We want to be able to double down on our lead in Asia. We've got ambitions to really be able to scale a real estate business, both in AsiaPac and in Japan, the second largest real estate market in the world and globally. We want access to more perpetual capital at the firm, as well as different avenues to be able to reach private wealth investors. And so this acquisition, really was something from a strategic perspective, made a ton of sense as we were evaluating it. Craig, you want to hit on…
Scott Nuttall: Yeah. Arnold, this is Scott. The only thing I would add, if it's corporate M&A from a third party capital investing for our funds standpoint, as Craig mentioned that deployment's been active, the pipelines are busy and there are public private dialogues happening. So it's not as much fun to be a public company right now and so that's part of the, the pipeline that we're seeing build up. In terms of, for the firm itself, dialogue continues, it's been active and I think in an environment like this probably makes people think it, maybe it's not such a bad idea that to be part of a larger firm that has a lot of different ways to win and raise capital and invest. So we're active on both fronts.
Craig Larson: Hey Alex, this Craig, why don't I start? And before we -- why don't I take a step back even to just to begin. Look, we think overall the opportunity within private wealth to introduce these tailored democratized products is massive and we think we're really well positioned against this really interesting asset class. And over time, we do expect to have democratized products really across all of our asset classes and alongside of this, we're continuing to invest in sales, marketing data, digital talent, etcetera. So where we are today and we do tend to look at these in a more aggregate basis. We've got the three broad democratized solutions. They're on multiple platforms and on top of that, we have bespoke solutions. They're tailored for individual platforms. Looking across these products, we have about $5.6 billion of AUM and I don't think we really want on these calls to get in the habit of giving individual updates on all of these. I think the overall takeaway that we want you to have is one, we've got a great brand that we think in this channel is second to none, an exceptional long-term track record. I think that can be buttressed from some of the individual product track records that again, appreciate you're noticing. We think we have a proven ability to innovate in product design and we have strong relationships at all levels with these distribution partners. So it's a really exciting long-term opportunity, and we actually feel great about the progress that we've made to date.
Craig Larson: Yeah, Glen it's Craig. Why don't I start? Thanks for the question, and honestly, we probably don't spend enough time talking about the platform that we've built here. So, first taking a step back, ABF is a massive market. So it's 4.5 trillion in size and it's expected to go to 7 trillion plus over the coming four or five years, by, in comparison, the high yield market is a 1.5 trillion market. So we're already talking about a market that is multiples of the high yield market with better growth prospects and much like leverage lending to corporates, look ABF plays a critical part in the financing market. So it's helping finance day-to-day operations through mortgages, credit cards, receivables, financings, equipment leasing, etcetera and what you have is alongside of this massive market, you have high barriers to entry and honestly, in our view, a lack of scale capital. So we're finding attractive risk return and at the same time, we also like the diversification on top of regular away or away from regular way traded credit. So in terms of us in our approach, really three things of note. One, as we noted during the prepared remarks, we have different pools of capital and we're looking for different risk rewards. So that's all the way from private credit funds in the BDC to Global Atlantic. So the addressable market is huge. Our available capital has increased materially. And so to your point, this is why you're seeing this ramp in deployment for us. The second point is we've been busy. So last year deployment exceeded $15 billion, including GA, $5 billion this quarter. So yes, this is as the overall credit platform has grown, this becomes a really interesting air area for us and third, and this is important, we've partnered with 15 or so specially financed platforms globally and those folks who are originating opportunities, that from our view again, are otherwise difficult to access. So these platforms have 5,000 employees over a $100 billion of AUM. They're global, it's across industries, and they're helping us access attractive risk return. So again, we've built this unique platform, which allows us to have confidence when we think of the forward origination. So it's becoming a growing and interesting part of the firm. No question.
Craig Larson: Thanks Bill. It's Craig. Why don't I start on deployment and then Rob will give the modernization update and look, deployment is a meaty question. So you have inflation interest rates outlook for economic growth, all being front of mind for us as they have in for some time. And alongside of that we expect a number of rate hikes this year with central banks tricking their balance sheet. So against these topics, we're expecting more volatility. So, what are the implications of this? If you one as a firm, we need to be as connected as ever, and we need to continue to be thematic. So in terms of areas of focus for us, a couple of thoughts. One, you've already heard this from what Rob and Scott said earlier, but get long pricing power. So with labor shortages, higher input costs, we think companies with pricing power, our advantage. Number two, own more collateral-based cash flows. So we believe real assets investments that can keep up with nominal GDP are interesting. So that's infrastructure, real estate asset based finance and you heard us again in the prepared remarks. When you look at private, when we're asked about deployment, it often tends to be with a private equity lens for us. So if you look in, both last year and as well as in the first quarter, private equity deployment, as a percentage of our firm has been a teen's percentage. And so as the breadth of the firm's increased, you've seen these real assets become materially greater for us in terms of deployment. So when you look at real assets, in terms of private markets deployment real assets, we're 55% of private markets deployment in 2021, 67% of deployment in the first quarter of this year. Three, digitization automation logistics we're in the midst of an innovation boom in disruption and technological change from our standpoint spins continue. Four, security, including energy security, data payment, cyber, all areas and these are areas where we think we bring a unique lens in a lot of industry expertise. And then five, we're in many ways a savings bull market. And in Asia, you have a billion millennials who want to build a safety net through increased savings for the families. So that means themes like nesting, retirement products, financial planning, all should benefit. And I think the other point in this again, I would just touch on relates to culture and this I'd reinforce something that Scott had touched on, but, we have a culture that's wonderfully connected and our view and dislocation occurs, that some solutions for companies become less apparent and that's when you get a real sense for culture and acumen and we think we have a culture that really allows us to stay wonderfully connected and allows us to be on our front foot in these periods.
Craig Larson: Yeah. Craig on China, a couple of thoughts. One, I think look, China investing in China has become more complex and so we think it's critical to have the right resources in order to navigate the complexity. So we think it's -- you need a best in class local team, but you need more. We think it's important to have specialized resources like our public affairs team, like our global Institute to help navigate that complexity. So we think China is going to continue to be a critical long term engine of global growth. So it's a very important market, no question. And we think we bring unique skills and a differentiated approach to that market. Now, I think when you look at where we've been investing, a lot of it has been behind themes like domestic consumption. So we remain committed to being a leading investor domestically in China. And we want to help leading local firms to continue to grow and prosper and we think we're well positioned and to give you a sense, just a significance overall as a firm, when you look at our exposure, it does remain quite modest just given the breadth of our firm today. So, investments in China from an AUM standpoint are probably, a little over 1% of our AUM just to give you a sense of scale,
Craig Larson: Yeah. The only thing I would add Brian, is I think the point we're trying to get across as well, we'll continue to remain active looking at inorganic opportunities and that's something we'll keep you updated on, but if you just look back, I think what we're trying to say is that the balance sheet has allowed us to pursue those with minimal equity issuance while also buying back 10% of our outstanding shares since 2015. And if you think about it, Marshall Waste, Franklin Square, Global Atlantic, what we talked about with core, not the J-REIT that's over $200 billion of AUM that was bought with minimal equity dilution and using the balance sheet as that strategic weapon. And a lot of the things that we've done that I listed have been done during periods of time where there's some dislocation or some volatility.
Craig Larson: Yeah Rufus. Thanks for the question. I think the first thing to consider as you think about our balance sheet strategy is that it's very much an aligned strategy. KKR employees are the largest group of shareholders in the firm on an almost 30% of KKR. So we start from a very aligned perspective and as we sit here today, we see more opportunities to leverage the broader platform and ecosystem of KKR to drive ROE with that capital inside of KKR. And so long as that continues and we're able to drive additional ROE on that capital base for the benefit of all shareholders, then, you're going to see a consistency strategy. To the extent that that changes over time, where we're not seeing that attractive level of return, then obviously we might have a different strategy, but certainly as we sit here today, we are highly convicted in the way that we're operating the opportunities we see and the long-term accretion that we're able to create for all shareholders by virtue of the capital base that we have.
Craig Larson: Sure. Chris, great question. Why don't I start, it's Craig. So look at a high level, we're committed to investing in the energy transition and the shift to clean energy. So reflecting this, we invest in a diverse range of energy sources. So let's touch first on renewables. So think, global clean energy developers and operators, we've been increasingly active in this space and you've seen that across really a number of strategies, including areas for us like infrastructure well, as our impact business. Now alongside of that is conventional energy interactivity here is really being done through a permanent capital vehicle that we own a teen's percentage of that's called Crescent Energy. And we think Crescent can become a real leader in developing best in class ESG programs in addition to creating significant equity value. We receive management fees that increase over time as Crescent scales its business. It can send a fee eligible based on the total return of the equity and from a business standpoint, Crescent has low leverage. It's free cash flow positive, has an excellent team in place. And it is operating in an area that we think there's real M&A opportunities. So, that's our overall approach. Hopefully that gives you a better sense.
Craig Larson: I think it and maybe this is a -- this gets perhaps into a little bit of a history lesson around Crescent, honestly, Chris. So, in 2020, we traded in an entity that was called Independence Energy and through that, we had combined our energy income and growth fund some energy investments from the balance sheet, co-investment assets and those were contributed together with investments from an insurance client and that formed Independence Energy. And then what you saw five or six months ago, it was in December of 2021 was we merged that entity with a public ENT company to form Crescent. So Crescent is a $2.6 billion market cap company. Again, we own a teens percentage, but what really Crescent is, is the next step and it's the next evolution of those dedicated of funds for us. So that's really the -- that's how our views and our focus is really, we expect will be through Crescent.
Craig Larson: So Finian again, we actually feel great about the progress we've made. Rome wasn't built in a day and how we're positioned against this opportunity. Nothing to announce right at the moment as it relates to incremental products. But again, over time, we expect to have democratized products across all of our asset classes and we're investing in all of the areas that we think it takes to be successful in this channel. Reflecting that point of view, we've said a couple of quarters ago that we think new capital raised from individuals is going to be a third to half of new capital race for us as a firm in the medium term and no change in that outlook or point of view for us. It's just a really exciting opportunity that when we look at our brand, our long term track record, the ability that we have to innovate and product design and the relationships we have, we just think we're really position against this enormous market.
Craig Larson: Yeah. Hey Rob. It is certainly a sector, we continue to look at. It is not a need to do type of acquisition for us. But if we find a platform that we've got conviction can be a top three player that we can help make them better, they can help make us better and valuation makes sense. It certainly could be something that we could pursue in the future and so, yeah, we've got, as I mentioned earlier, we've got a team that looks across different inorganic opportunities of the firm as we line up different potential sub-sectors of the asset management space. Clearly the addressable market and the secondary space is quite large. But from our perspective, it's got to work for us. And it's got to be something that we've got a lot of conviction is going to fit in well within our firm which in part is going to require it to be a top three player. And so we'll continue to keep you updated of course on our progress and our thinking but that's where we are right now.
Craig Larson: Thank you, our everybody for your time and patience this morning and your interest in KKR. We look forward to following up with many of you directly and if not, we look forward to giving you our next update in 90 days or so. Thanks again.
Robert Lewin: Hey, Mike, it's Rob. Thanks for the question. So, as we're looking across our portfolio today, obviously like others, we're seeing a stickier inflation environment. There's three things that we're watching quite a bit. One is labor availability and wage inflation. We're certainly seeing that across our portfolio on a global basis. In, particularly in the US, we're focused on housing short supply there due to underbuilding over the last 15 years, especially as millennials now are moving their way into prime home ownership years. And then the last thing that I think you know is creating the stickiness is just an under-spend on CapEx related to energy supply, which is going to continue put pressure on pricing there. Now, the one thing that we're definitely seeing on the other side of this across our portfolios is an easing around supply chain. And so as we look at 2022, our expectation on inflation is we're going to be in the 7% to 8% range. We do see that moderating into 2023. There's a lot of work that we're doing across our portfolio right now to share best practices. Obviously a lot of work for years has gone into interest rate hedging, and that continues given a potential increase here in rates going forward. But you would've heard us on these calls and in other forums for a long period of time talking about these potential inflationary trends. We feel really good about how we've set up the broader portfolio. As you look at the underlying revenue and earnings growth across our portfolio, it's continues to be exceptionally strong and we feel really good with how we've positioned the overall portfolio going forward.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. Hey Glen, it's Rob I'll start off here. So last quarter what we talked about on this call was that we felt like in normal functioning markets, our capital markets is a plus or minus $200 million a quarter type of revenue business. Now in Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year, we were on the plus side of that. Probably a couple things in Q1 this year that we were expecting in Q2 that probably got pulled forward a bit, but I think what's more important is that not mistaken and I think you reference this in your question, not mistaken the quarter-to-quarter variability in our income with the durability of our franchise, as well as its growth prospects. And what you've seen, I think over the last number of years is both, highly durable pipeline to potentially generate fees, a broadening of transactioning transactions and just loss of growth areas and those growth areas are going to come from continuing to follow KKR's loan growth. I referenced core private equity a little bit earlier, but there's a number of different opportunities like that across the firm and obviously we believe we're going to continue to be able to take a lot of share given our business model and our access to talent with third party clients as well. And so as we think about that business and the future, we're very excited to continue to invest behind that and we see a lot of growth over the next number of years.
Robert Lewin: Hey, Bill. It's Rob. Let me follow up on your question around returns and monetization. You referenced our Q1 returns in private equity. Just want to put that into context for a bit. We were up 46% in 2021 in PE. And so we gave back about five points in Q1, but over the last 15 months, our PE portfolios still up on 40%. And as you think about that decline, quarter on quarter, the down five points, we actually had a position at 12/31 that was marked at about 24 times multiple of money that traded down about 40% in the quarter, still marked at 14 times multiple of money, still a fantastic investment for us at 3/31 and represented a good chunk of that decline. In terms of the impact around monetization, we feel great about our monetization pipeline, right now, certainly relative to where we are from overall volatility in the markets and so you saw a very healthy Q1 monetization revenue number and as we head into Q2, you're based on transactions that have happened, or that we have line of sight to either through signed deals and LOIs or equivalent, we already have line of sight to $600 plus million of revenue that we feel good about. And I think this represents a couple things. One, just the overall breadth of KKR's portfolio today, global nature, different products, and two, that underlying strength of our portfolio that we've talked about. Now like all quarters, there's definitely some risk in some of these deals happening, but at the same time, given the strength of the pipeline, I referenced there's some upside to these numbers as well. And just in terms of character of revenue, assuming that we're able to achieve these numbers, I'd say about ballpark 75%, that revenue would come from realized performance revenue and then the balance would come from realized investment income. Hopefully that helps provide a bit of color there Bill.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. Hey Bill, it's Rob. So we talked a bit about this last call. I'd say really no new update from us. What we're focused on with Global Atlantics focused on is continuing to have a really close and transparent relationship with its regulators. We know that the regulatory community continues to gather information and industry feedback, and we want to make sure that Global Atlantic are part of that. Beyond that, there's not a ton that we can comment on other to say that we really don't anticipate many changes to the business model of trying to thoughtfully invest behind the long-term promises that we've made to policy holders. And so, we feel again overall very constructive around the Global Atlantic relationship with its regulators and are focused on continuing that type of transparency in the future.
Robert Lewin: It's Rob. Thanks a lot for the question. Listen, we don't spend honestly a ton of time thinking about, FRE near-term target is not how we manage our business. And so I think what you're less likely to get from us is a continual update around where we see FRE going in the short term. But what I would tell you is that we will update you hopefully very continually on how we see our business trending. And hopefully what you've heard from us is the level of excitement we have across our firm today. We have so much more momentum today than we had even six or 12 months ago. You look at many of the big product raises we've had over the last six or 12 months, we've well exceeded the fundraising targets that we had for those. We're likely to have Scott mentioned close to 30 products in the market over the course of the next 12 months, many of which are poised to scale in areas like infrastructure, real estate and floating rate credit, areas where we're seeing real secular growth. Obviously Global Atlantics market positioning and where they're sitting from a growth perspective is much better than when we underwrote that transaction two years ago. And a lot of momentum across our capital markets business as I referenced. So our expectation is for really robust near-term and long-term FRE growth. And hopefully that helps give you a little bit of color with that, providing continual updates around FRE targets.
Robert Lewin: Sure. Brian. It's Rob I'll take that. So when we evaluate anything for our balance sheet, the first measure that we're going to look at always is going to be what drives the highest and best ROE over a long period of time. Now given how we're situated, I think with our brand and our track record and our access to distribution, there's a lot of inorganic asset management activity where we think we can help make those businesses better. Maybe they can help make us better. And ultimately that's, what's going to drive the highest ROE. And that's what you saw. I think, in the acquisition we closed last week. That's what you saw with our partnership with Global Atlantic, and we've got multi different examples of that over the years. And so we've got a team that's very much focused on how we can really leverage the core competencies we have here at KKR to be able to continue drive ROE and we think a lot of times that's going to lend itself to incremental FRE as well, but that's not necessarily going to be the primary driver here of any transaction. But you're certainly seeing that as it relates to the things that we've done, inorganically over the last number of years. The last point on inorganic growth while we're going to be focused on it. And it's something that we think is a real opportunity here, long term, it was referenced earlier in the call that we had a couple of targets we had put out there four plus dollars of FRE. seven plus dollars of TDE that was on an in -- that was on a organic basis and so anything that we would do from an inorganic perspective on the FRE side should certainly be accretive to that.
Robert Lewin: Hey, Arnold, it's Rob. We weren't able to hear all of that question. I think is relates to corporate M&A and the pipeline we're seeing. Certainly a lot of activity across the GP space and I think we get to take a look at quite a bit of it, but inorganic activity in our space, particularly inorganic activity, that requires integration is hard. And so while we'll look at a lot and there's quite a bit that crosses our desk and the pipeline is full, I think the likelihood of any one of these deals happening is still, relatively low and so we've been fortunate that we've been able to do some large things over the years. We would anticipate being able to do that in the future especially given that the size of the M&A pipeline line, but it's also not a need to do for us either. I think we're in a fortunate position where we've got a lot of avenues to organically really grow our business, but if we can find something where we can use our balance sheet to complement what we're doing and drive additional growth, we're certainly going to look at that.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. The only thing I'd add Rufus is if you think about the job we have get to think about how do we double the stock price as quickly as possible? How do we double our market cap as quickly and thoughtfully as possible given the risks we're taking? And the reason that we built the model that we have is that we believe with the combination of third party capital plus our own capital invested alongside, we can create that next $50 billion and then, the next a $100 billion of market cap after that with greater line of sight and more confidence. So no, the answer to the question is, no, we're not planning to cap it but, over time, if the market doesn't certainly appreciate the model of the way that we do, we have lots of different things that we can do to express our view on that. We've been buying back stock, we've been making acquisitions and converting balance sheet into fee-related earnings. There's lots of different things that we can do strategically with that balance sheet, but that's really where it's coming from. How do we get the market cap from $50 billion $200 billion and so forth,
Robert Lewin: No, is the short answer Rufus. I think we feel good about the compensation structure that we put in place now a little bit more than a year ago. I think it's working really well for our firm making sure we've got alignment in the right place between our employees, our shareholders, and our limited partners and we think that balance is about right for us right now.
Robert Lewin: Yeah, there's no plans Chris, for a traditional fossil fuels fund. We haven't actually invested in conventional oil and gas in our private equity fund since 2018. Don't have any plans to really -- the work we're doing is through Crescent on the more conventional side and focused on improving the ESG footprint of every investment that they make and the team is doing a great job around that. And then as Craig mentioned, we're doing a lot in renewables across infrastructure, asset-based finance through GA and otherwise. So those are some of the areas of focus right now.
