Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Thanks, Howard. Look, I'd break it into a couple of buckets in terms of access to liquidity and exits. The first is, we obviously have a meaningfully sized public portfolio and our private equity funds. We have-- about $9 billion of our private equity portfolio is in companies that are already public. Many of which we've already started to execute secondary offerings, so that I think is kind of the most visible form of liquidity coming back. Secondly, and we talked about it on prior calls, we're seeing some pick-up in the strategic activity. Boots is a great example of that, but if you think back, we've had Hilcorp, we've had East Resources, we had -- and we've had Seven Media in Australia. There's been a series of strategic exits. And if you think about our portfolio, we're getting into the more mature phase for a good portion of our assets under management in our Private Equity business. So the transactions that were done, kind of call it 3, 6 -- 3 to 6 years ago are getting to the phase where we can start to think about monetizations. And the reason that we share the EBITDA and revenue growth statistic every quarter is that's what we keep an eye on, because we find that if we can keep growing EBITDA, we're able to find exits for those companies. So it's hard to be precise as to timing, but we feel like we're making progress.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yes, I think -- just to be clear, it took us about 36 years to do our first acquisition. And so Prisma is the first one we've actually done as a firm and all the other growth we've had has been organic and hiring talent into the firm. Look, the way we think about this, Howard, is we -- if you think about KKR today, we've got our Private Equity platform, we've got energy and infra. We have real estate, credit, hedge funds and capital markets. And as we've continued to look across our platform, really the one scale business we have continues to be Private Equity. Everything else, we have opportunities for meaningful growth. And a number of those businesses have been started in the last few years. So our tendency will continue to be organic growth across those different platforms. But as we look to scale globally across those different businesses, we'll look at acquisitions from time to time, and we will consider growing both inorganically as well as organically. But it's taken us a bit of time to do the first one. There's nothing imminent in terms of a second, but we will look across all those other platforms and see if there's anything interesting out there where there's a good cultural fit and a good strategic fit.
Scott C. Nuttall: I think it's a couple of things. One, we were finding a lot of opportunity in the middle market, Howard, to provide capital to both companies and sponsors. Frankly, what we hear from our clients in that space is that the banks have pulled back meaningfully from the standpoint of providing capital. And so as we've been out with our Mezzanine business, our direct lending business and our Capital Markets businesses, we hear that as a recurring refrain. And so the first thing that the JV will provide is dedicated and incremental capital to provide services and balance sheet to that part of the market. So you'll see us underwriting debt, you'll see us underwriting equity, you'll see us providing other services to those companies. A lot of this, frankly, we were already doing as part of KKR. And Bill mentioned 40% of our Capital Markets revenues in the quarter were actually from third parties. But this joint venture will allow us to have a dedicated pool of capital and a dedicated effort against that third-party space. And so we'll be putting $150 million in, we're partnering with Stone Point, and they'll do the same, and we'll seek to grow the business together. I think the other thing it provides us is a great partner. And Stone Point has a lot of access to sponsors and companies in the middle market space. They've built financial services firms over their long history, and so I think they will be able to bring their own relationships and business to bear as we seek to grow the third-party business further. So I think -- well, we view it as an opportunity to have a great partner, have a dedicated effort in the space and really provide more capital and services to the middle market, which is sorely in need of it right now.
Scott C. Nuttall: Thanks, Michael, it's Scott. We've had quite a bit of success on that front. And one of the things we monitor is, kind of, our cross-sell statistic, which continues to move up. But we've been quite pleased. What we used to do historically, frankly, before we expanded into these newer businesses, it's been 8, 9 years ago now, is we used to just talk to the private equity staff within institutional investors. And what we've done now is we've moved up meaningfully, and now we're talking to chief investment officers, we're talking to heads of fixed income, real assets, equities, real estate, the public side and the private side. And so we've been able to kind of share our expertise and our perspectives with institutional investors in a much broader fashion. And so the conversations have really changed. Whereas before, it was solely PE, now it's how should they think about asset allocation, where is the world going. And we have our macro team, which is spending a lot of time with investors on that. And then we really plug them into all of KKR. And so we've been really pleased with the receptivity of our investor base to several of these newer businesses. And as we've scaled capital across credit, energy and infrastructure, hedge funds, et cetera, we have seen quite a bit of support from that client base.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. KES, the reason we didn't mention, not a lot new this past quarter, Michael. So there's not a lot to report. Frankly, given the choppiness of the markets, we decided a quarter ago to pull back a bit from third-party marketing. As you know, we started with our own balance sheet capital, raised some external capital and then decided, let's just focus on performance. We've been really happy with the performance so far. The team is meaningfully outperforming the equity long short peers in what's been a really choppy market. So as we kind of get back into the marketing mode in future quarters, we'll give you a fulsome update. But our perspective on this is, if we have the performance, dollars will flo,w, and that's really been the focus the last few months.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yes. Bill, it's Scott. I guess the way I would think about it is we've invested a lot in establishing these new platforms. So we have a significant amount of expense running through our income statement with the associated revenue not there yet. So most of that has been done. We are still investing in some areas. We're still focused on building our distribution team. In our Client and Partner Group, we're continuing to look for new direct hedge funds. We're continuing to invest in real areas, like real estate. But I would tell you that I'd say the vast preponderance of the investment ahead of revenues is done. And as we raise first-time funds, and to Bill's point, critically second- and third-time funds, we'd expect there to be positive operating leverage.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yes. I think it's hard to get specific on growth. Maybe the way I'd characterize it, Bill, the way we think about our strategy for distribution generally is historically, we focused exclusively on institutions. And the way that we think about the world, there's $35 trillion, give or take, of third-party managed assets held by institutions. And so that's predominantly been our focus, in trying to be more relevant to that group. But there's also over $20 trillion in retail hands. And historically, KKR had not spent time talking to individual investors. About 18 months ago, we started a high net worth and family office platform and started the process of actually talking to individual investors directly for the first time. And that has actually proven to be quite successful so far, and so that's been a very good experience. And so that's kind of part 2-- is high net worth family office has been kind of a more recent focus. And we spent a lot of time thinking about the retail space as part of that because the vast preponderance of that $20 trillion that's out there is actually in individual hands. And you've heard us talk on prior calls about why we want to have more liquid alternatives. One of the reasons is it's -- we think it's of interest to institutional investors, but we think it's also highly of interest to individual retail investors. And so what really drove this was our broader thinking about where pools of capital are in the world and what those pools of capital need right now in this very low rate environment and this volatile stock market environment, and we think a lot of the products that we offer in the alternative space could be quite relevant and helpful to those individuals. That's really what drove it. And so this is an initial foray. It is hard to predict where it's going to end up for us, but we think it's a big market, and we're going to work away, and we'll keep giving you updates.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Chris, it's Scott. The $11 billion that we referenced was really made up of 4 components. The first is the $6 billion initial close that we had announced in NAXI earlier this year. Then there's the $3 billion first close that we had for the Asia Fund. The third component, the $1 billion or so of the Texas Teachers strategic partnership, has not yet been committed. And then the fourth component is a kind of accumulation of a series of mandates that we have where we don't get paid economics until the dollars are actually invested. And so think of that as committed funds, and as we make investments, the fees will turn on. And so that's the $11 billion. And then on top of that, once we close the Prisma transaction, there'd be another $8 billion on top of that number. So that's kind of what you can think of as AUM that is coming on a gross basis. But more broadly, maybe across fundraising, generally, I'd say the way we look at the world right now, people want Asia, they want energy and they want yields. So if you think about what's happened this quarter, our energy business, we had KNR and infra closed. We've now got $4 billion in that platform, quite a bit of institutional receptivity to what we're doing in the energy space. Credit, we continue to scale that business, and you can see the fee- paying AUM continue to grow there. So it's all consistent. Our Asia Fund, we had a $3 billion first close after 6 months. It was, frankly, a faster and larger close than we had anticipated. And so just to give you a sense, we're really happy. 45% of the investors in that first close are brand new investors to KKR, period. That's only about 13% of the capital, but it's 45% of the number of investors. So the Asia 2 fund is off to a great start because we've got a lot of folks working behind that. But your question on NAXI, we had our first close in February. We were quite pleased with that first close, given the challenging environment for this type of fund. We have until February 2013 for a final close, and so we're working our way on that. Our perspective is it's a great time to be investing in North American buyouts. But the selling process is a bit prolonged because we're still investing the 2006 Fund. So as investors think about making commitments it's -- there's no rush per se. So there's been no material close in February, and we'll give you an update next quarter. It's just hard to predict where things will end up.
Scott C. Nuttall: I don't think there's a lot of incremental detail we can provide, Chris. Some of those companies will be reporting their own earnings in the next couple of weeks.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Mark, it's Scott. I think the answer is yes. The newer strategies, we are dedicating more balance sheet capital to them. For example, real estate, we've committed $300 million off the balance sheet ahead of having a fund basically to build a portfolio and start to build a track record in that space. And then we'll go out at some point and talk to third-party capital about joining us in that endeavor. Same thing in energy. We've committed $300 million to a variety of different energy strategies to continue to scale the energy and infrastructure business. And as we've launched new credit funds, you've seen us do the same thing. So we do view the balance sheet as a real competitive and strategic advantage for us, and we've been using it to scale a number of our businesses organically. And it makes a big difference. When you go talk to an institutional investor and you tell them that we're going to commit $300 million, do they want to commit $100 million? It's much more compelling than if we ask them to commit $100 million and we commit $300 million. So we found that it's helping to drive this new business formation and accelerate our growth. In terms of how we think about the returns, we really like the returns we're getting off our balance sheet. I mean, you heard in the first half, our balance sheet's up 16%-plus, and that's just in 6 months. And so we have a number of investments there that are still seasoning. We think there's a lot of upside in those balance sheet investments. And frankly, when we look at the ROE we're able to get from seeding new businesses, if you think about just seeding a new fund with $100 million in capital and if you only raise $1 billion of external capital and you work through the math, the ROE is something like 40% or 50%. And so we really like those economics, both from what we already have and what we're doing with the capital, which is why we're pursuing this strategy.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yes, I think, Mark, to be really clear, what Bill was talking about is the management fee impact, the revenue impact, of the '06 Fund rolling into the NAXI fund. So we're not suggesting to you that we think fee-related earnings are going to be flat in the fourth quarter. We don't know what they're going to be in the fourth quarter as we sit here right now, given transaction activity is going to drive a lot of that. It's purely a management fee revenue point based on the $6 billion that we've announced and disclosed so far.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Look Mark, we haven't disclosed the details of the acquisition. So I'm not going to be able to give you any economic numbers, per se. But the way we think about it is in some of our businesses, we do think that acquisition can be an interesting way to get some scale. And the Prisma acquisition is one that, frankly, we've been working on for the better part of 2 years. There is a historical relationship between the principles of Prisma and some of the senior folks here at KKR. So there was a real familiarity with the individuals, and frankly, a cultural similarity that made this feel quite good to us. The way that we think that these transactions should generally be structured as with a lot of value on the back end as opposed to a lot upfront. And so that's generally the construct we've come up with. So a lot of the value is in the earnouts, which have been structured to be highly accretive to us. And as we think about growing the rest of the KKR through acquisition, I think you'll find that we'll probably pursue a similar approach, some upfront value but more on the back end so their incentives are in line with all of ours.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yes, I think that's generally right, Roger. I would say it's probably 3 uses. The first is to seed new businesses and invest alongside our institutional and other partners in our vehicles. The second would be to support the growth of our Capital Markets business, where we do selectively take some capital risk to drive the fee growth. And the third would potentially be to the prior discussion, acquisitions. So I think you'll see the balance sheet probably over time look more like the distribution of our AUM. Right now, it's highly private equity-focused because of the legacy KPE strategy. But over time, I think you'll see it be far more diversified, and our hope is also to start to generate a more recurring yield.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Roger, it's Scott. I think -- look, the way that we think about this, it's frankly consistent with how we think about all of our strategies as a firm. And the first question that we ask is, can we do it well by having it integrated with the rest of KKR? And frankly we're good at. And so providing capital to middle market corporates and sponsors up and down the capital structure is very straightforward, something we understand. We've been providing capital to companies for 36 years. That's something that's right down the middle of the fairway. When you get into some of these more esoteric businesses, different trading businesses, commodities, other things, frankly, it stretches the strategic logic to such an extent that I don't think you're going to see a lot of activity from us there. We're going to continue to stay focused on things that, frankly, go back to those core principles that I mentioned.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hard to predict. It's nothing planned in the near term, Roger. It's -- I think what you'll see us do is invest in that part of the world out of the North American Private Equity funds, and NAXI is predominantly going to be investing in that part of the world for us in the near term.
Scott C. Nuttall: Robert, it's Scott. I think people were pleasantly surprised, would be my characterization. We've been giving our investors updates on how Boots was performing operationally. But as I said, it was held at 1.1x cost last quarter. It's a 2007 investment, a very large investment. We have been saying for the last several years to our investors that we actually feel quite good about the investments that we made in the 2006 and 2007 period, certainly relative to the market and even on an absolute basis. If you think about Dollar General, HCA, Nielsen, now Boots, we've had a number of very good investments from those periods. So I think they've been pleased with that. The biggest source of capital for Boots was the 2006 Fund. And so as we talked to investors about NAXI, one of the things I mentioned is investors like Asia, they like energy, they like yield. North American buyouts has not been as in favor as some of those other asset classes. But as we've had our conversations continue with investors in NAXI, it helps to underscore the point we've been making to them that we see a big opportunity in buyouts. And so I think it is going to be ultimately somewhat helpful as we continued those discussions and that you've seen the '06 Fund move from 1.3x cost to 1.4x this quarter. And the other thing I'd say is cash back helps a lot in fundraising. And we are giving a lot of cash back to investors, and so we think that will ultimately yield positive results for us over time as well.
Scott C. Nuttall: This is a newer strategy. It's a bit of a different approach than what we had in KNR. The KKR Natural Resources fund was really kind of more proved, developed producing assets. So think of it as you've already developed the underlying opportunity and you're just extracting the commodity. This strategy energy income is going to be royalties, which is a somewhat different space, and we have a joint venture there that we're so far funding off our balance sheet and through KKR Financial, and also proved undeveloped producing. So think of it as fields that are at an earlier stage in their life cycle, so higher potential returns but meaningful cash yield. So it is different than what we're doing in KNR.
Scott C. Nuttall: Bill, it's Scott. I'd say in terms of the question about structural shift in appetite for alternatives, we think that there is a structural shift. So of the $35 trillion of institutional assets I mentioned that are managed by third parties, by our accounting, about $4 trillion of that is in alternatives. And so we think that we were going to continue to see the other $30 trillion, some portion of that shift into alts. And if that happens, you don't need a lot of shift on a percentage basis to have a meaningful impact on the $4 trillion figure. And so we do think that there's an ongoing structural shift. And on a weekly basis, we're seeing institutions increase their allocation to alternatives as they seek ways to generate return. And that shift to alternatives is broad-based. It's private equity, it's real assets. It's a variety of different credit opportunities. It's real estate, and it's hedge funds. And so we've seen a meaningful shift, and we do think that alternative asset allocations are going to continue to grow from institutions that are already in the space. And frankly, we're also finding that institutions that don't invest in alternatives are starting to. Because they look over the last 10 years, and they have had no return from their public equity strategy and their fixed income bucket maybe has generated 2% or 3% for the last decade. And their liabilities are growing at 8%, and the math doesn't work. So we think that is going to result in a pretty meaningful shift in assets over time, at least as it's relevant to the $4 trillion that's currently in the market. So we're excited about that. And that's why you see us positioning ourselves to get in the way of those close. Because as we look about it around the firm, we've had quite a few offerings in the illiquid space, and now with Prisma and KES and a lot of what we're doing in credit, we've got more offerings in the liquid space, and that's where a lot of the flows are going, we think, in the near term. With respect to your question on the balance sheet, it's hard to predict how things are going to evolve over the long term. Right now, the balance sheet is pretty fully invested and very fully committed and invested. So that is not something that we're thinking about today. But over time, if the balance sheet generates a meaningful yield, and we have, frankly, usage for the capital that aren't as high return as they are right now, we'll consider whether or not it makes sense to pay out some of that yield to investors, but that's down the road. We're not thinking about that right now, given all the opportunities we have to grow at the firm.
William J. Janetschek: Okay, sure, Michael. This is Bill Janetschek. We drill down on the details. When you take a look at our public portfolio, we were actually up about 0.3%. So even though the S&P was down 2.8%, we still, even just on our public marks, over-performed. When you take a look at the private, if you actually excluded Boots, then the most part, our private portfolio would be relatively flat to a little down. So overall, the way to think about it is we got a significant uplift in this quarter from the Boots write-up from $1.1 billion to $1.9 billion, which Scott mentioned earlier, as well as a little bit of an uplift on our marks on our public positions.
William J. Janetschek: And Michael, just putting a number on that. Right now, as of June 30, capital that's managed by KES is a little north of $400 million.
William J. Janetschek: Well, I'll tackle the expense question first, and then maybe I'll slip it over to Scott as it relates to the revenue growth. But if you take a look on where we've been on expenses, year-to-date, we're actually, for the first 6 months, down slightly. And that's with, remember, bringing on a lot of people in 2011 and 2012. So we've been pretty deliberate on managing expenses. And I don't think you're going to see a whole lot more margin improvement as it relates to expenses. On fee-related earnings, obviously, we've just launched a lot of these platforms. And so when you take into account a few years from now, we're hoping that the second fund is going to be bigger than the first fund. Take for example, Mezzanine Fund or infrastructure. So you know how it works, Bill, in that you have an existing fund. Once you go through the investment period, you're going to receive a post-investment period beyond that fund, as well as then taking on to your fee-related earnings a new fund at an investment period fee. So we hope to see significant growth on the new initiatives that we've launched. Another point is that we've brought on a real estate team, and the goal is to eventually launch a fund. Right now, there's no income being generated from the real estate team as it relates to fee-related earnings. But again, we were optimistic that we're going to be raise a fund and bring that strategy online, and that will actually increase fee-related earnings as well.
William J. Janetschek: No. The next data point where we'll really communicate a number to you will be for sure on September 30, because on September 30, that's when the investment period will end for the '06 Fund and the NAXI fund will turn on. And so just to give you some clarity on what the fourth quarter is going to look like, we'll report to you what the NAXI number is as of September 30.
William J. Janetschek: Chris, this is Bill. You're right. You're referring to -- on Page 19, we've got about $1.5 billion of dry powder in '06. About half of that, we're going to keep for reserve, and the other half, we're going to use to make probably 1, 2, maybe 3 investments in between now and the end of the investment period.
William J. Janetschek: Matt, this is Bill. Obviously, if you take a look at our balance sheet, we've got about $5 billion invested in, predominantly, private equity investments. But that percentage has come down quite significantly since we've gone public. Over the next several quarters, we would hope to and anticipate more realizations off our balance sheet, and that would give us more liquidity. But right now, if you take a look at where our balance sheet stands today, we've got about $1.2 billion in cash, and we've got reported commitments in the press release of about $600 million. But when you think about all of the other things we've mentioned either today or on prior calls, where we've committed $300 million to real estate, we made a significant commitment to NAXI, which isn't reported in that number, same holds true for Asia 2, as well as commitment to Special Situations, as well as making a commitment to the energy strategy. That number tallies anywhere in between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion. So although on our balance sheet it looks like we're liquid, we are liquid but with a lot of commitments. What I will tell you is that we will -- and we have monitored the liquidity on our balance sheet. And to the extent that if it ever got to a point where we couldn't deploy capital at a very attractive rate of return, we would think about making a tweak to our distribution policy. But for what we've got in the pipeline right now, we don't think that, that policy is going to change anytime soon.
William J. Janetschek: Well, Mark, you are right. When Scott gave you the AUM and fee paying AUM, that is the growth on mind with both the NAXI and Asia 2. What will also happen is when Asia and '06 goes from the investment period to the post-investment period, we're going to be getting paid not on the investment capital rate but the post-investment capital rate, and it will be on just the capital that's invested at that time. And so just to give you an idea on NAXI in particular, when NAXI comes online based upon what we've disclosed to you of the capital raised to date of about $6 billion and the '06 Fund rolling from the investment period to the post-investment period, that will happen in the fourth quarter of 2012. You're going to see fee-related earnings stay relatively flat on that crossover. With regard to Asia, we've already mentioned that we've already raised $3 billion on our first close, and that fund won't actually come online until we invest through the rest of the Asia Fund. And so that could happen maybe in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of 2013. But there, we haven't sold many investments in Asia. And so the step-down of the assets, of fee paying assets under management isn't going to be a significant drop. And what we are going to do is pick up the entire capital commitment to the Asia 2 in the quarter that, that crossover takes place.
William J. Janetschek: Mark, I don't want to get too granular on the question. I mean, what I'm saying to you is just directionally, and that would be taking into account the Boots.
William J. Janetschek: Right. And clearly just on the impact from '06 and '06 going from the investment period to the post-investment period and NAXI turning on.
William J. Janetschek: And Roger, you've seen that to date from when we went public, I had mentioned this earlier, if you take a look at the components of our balance sheet, we're much more diversified today away from private equity than when we were -- when the transaction closed because I think when we actually closed the transaction, 97% of our balance sheet was in private equity. And now we've provided the details to you, yet you could see that, that percentage away from private equity has increased significantly.
William J. Janetschek: No, I mean it's quite mechanical. What we've got is based upon the partnership agreement. When we sell an investment, you take a look at the portfolio. And if any portfolio investment is carried below cost, you have to return capital to our LPs or rather until that number goes to 0. Once you cross over that point, the rest of the profit is going to go 80-20. So we know exactly what the netting hole is each and every fund at the end of each quarter. And as long as we have a realization, we satisfy that netting hole. The remainder goes out 80-20, and that turns into a cash carry.
William J. Janetschek: Right. And Bill, we talked about this on occasion. Remember, keep in mind that 65% of KKR is owned by KKR executives. So to say we're not focused on this point would be an understatement.
Roger A. Freeman: Just to come back to the-- sort of the cash balance commitments, et cetera. I mean, as you kind of look forward, as the KP investments liquefy, I mean, did you think that the way that you're thinking about this is, is that you'll be growing new funds, et cetera? That eventually, you'll have $5 billion-plus, maybe less, some capital used for upfront payment on acquisitions, but the bulk of that is going to be sitting alongside various funds that you have launched or are launching.
Roger A. Freeman: Right, okay. And then just more broadly speaking on reg opportunities. You mentioned -- and your Stone Point comment kind of reminded me of something I was thinking about with Blackstone last week. Some of the other businesses, traditional businesses within the dealer space, I'm thinking commodities, for example, other structured businesses, are getting a lot tougher, given, particularly, Basel 2.5 and 3. And I'm wondering if any of those types of businesses can be of interest to firms like yours that can be structured inside of funds. And one of the things that Tony James had said, which was a fair point, is that putting a business inside of a fund in a traditional sense, do you have some sets on those? And how do you put an ongoing business into a fund. I'm wondering if -- how you think about that or if you did something you think about and whether you could do it if you could provide some sort of secondary liquidity for investors, either that you would provide or facilitate a secondary market and actually have a fund that just kind of continues to run.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay, helpful. And then on netting holes, just quickly, when you cross those, say, in a European Fund, do you automatically -- do the cash -- does the cash carry automatically kick in? Or is there discretion if you're kind of close but yet over where you decide to hold back on the distributions just to keep a buffer.
