Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. Craig and Rob did a nice job walking through our numbers, which were strong again this quarter. So I'm going to spend my time on a few strategic areas of focus and give you our sense for how we're progressing.  The first is perpetual and long-dated strategic capital. As you know, we are big believers in the power of compounding in all aspects of our business, including AUM. The more capital we can attract, that is perpetual or recycles, the faster we expect our AUM will scale and compound over the long term. A year ago, perpetual and strategic capital was $49 billion, 21% of our total AUM. Today, that number is $205 billion or 45%, $49 billion to $205 billion in 1 year. So we've seen over a 4x increase in 12 months, and we are nowhere near done. We have a lot of new ideas and efforts to generate even more perpetual capital going forward.  The second big strategic focus area is insurance. As you know, Global Atlantic advance materially in this area. GA assets have grown from $75 billion a year ago to $120 billion at the end of Q3, a 60% increase. In addition, we have seen our AUM from third-party insurance clients increased from $33 billion a year ago to $48 billion today, an increase of 45%. Putting GA and third party together, our insurance AUM has grown from $108 billion pro forma for GA to $167 billion in a year or an increase of 55%. While we're pleased with the progress, keep in mind, we only closed the GA deal in February of this year and see a lot more opportunity for significant growth in insurance.  The third area of focus is private wealth. As you know, individual investors have been 10% to 20% of the capital we've raised the last few years. We believe that with the investments we're making, combined with our brand and performance, that number will ramp to 30% to 50% of the capital we raised over the next several years. We are investing in sales, marketing, data and digital talent, and we are creating more democratized products that are relevant for a wide number of individual investors. This is a big opportunity for us, and we think we're incredibly well positioned.  So long story short, the Q3 numbers are strong, but they tell only a small part of the story of what's happening at the firm. These initiatives and others give us confidence we can more than double KKR again over the next 5-or-so years, including our fee-related earnings, where we see a clear path from the $2 of FRE per share we've achieved over the last 12 months to an excess of $4 over that time frame. So while recent growth has been exciting, we see a lot more ahead. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Scott Nuttall: Happy to, Bill, and I appreciate the kind words. I think we see it across a number of different aspects of our business. There's the institutional channel. I think there's a lot of focus lately for good reason on private wealth, but we're continuing to invest in the build-out of our institutional capabilities as well. So we've seen a 40% increase, just as an example, there and headcount focused on institutional fundraising. So I think you're going to see it institutionally where we're continuing to talk to partners about long-dated partnerships, some with recycling. So that's going to be part of the answer to your question.  Part of it, of course, will be what we just talked about in terms of private wealth in the individual investor. Part of it will be growing in insurance where we see opportunities all around the world. And then we're working on new structures and new designs where we could actually elongate our -- the duration of our capital base even further to a variety of different channels.  So a bunch of different opportunities all across the world, and I think you'll continue to hear us talk about this going forward. So the $49 billion to $205 billion is great progress, but we expect to continue to make great progress here going forward.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Glenn. Nothing new to report today. We continue to assess whether there's someone that we could partner with or buy all or a meaningful portion of or whether we should build our own. As we've talked about in the past, the secondary and co-invest space is adjacent to a lot of what we do. It's something we think we could be a value-added partner to somebody or build something truly distinctive. So it's not a have to do, but it is something that we continue to spend time on. Nothing new to share with you today however, but we're continuing to spend time there.
Scott Nuttall: Sure. Happy to take it, Rob, and thanks for the congrats. Yes. So CPS, and we haven't talked about it in a while, but it stands for customized portfolio solutions. So this is a team and a business that we built on the back of the observation that a number of institutional investors were trying to get exposure to private equity, in particular, but did not have a big team to get after that and wanted a bit of an outsourced solution and partner to try to build a more diversified pool of private equity exposures.  And so the team has built a business which has a combination of KKR funds and co-invest. And third party, we think best-in-class private equity partners also investing in their funds and looking at their co-investment.  And so the business has continued to perform really quite nicely. It's now about $6 billion of AUM and has been quietly a top quartile performer. And we'll continue to scale that business, and we're getting more traction with investors around the world. So it's an opportunity for upside and a real nice performer for us that we think will continue to get bigger over time, and we'll keep you posted.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I would add is the balance sheet, if you really step back and look at how we -- it has allowed us to grow our fee-related earnings a lot faster, whether it's seeding new businesses. And as a reminder, 10 years ago, we were in 6 investing businesses, and now we're in 28. The balance sheet has clearly accelerated the growth of what we're trying to do in terms of the organic build.  Our capital markets business, as you know, we operate in a capital-light model, but we've used the balance sheet to be able to scale the growth of capital markets in a meaningful way and perhaps, even more powerfully, M&A. If you think about Marshall Wace and our partnership there, if you think about Global Atlantic, we've been able to use the balance sheet to really convert balance sheet earnings into fee-related earnings and TDE.  And so we view it, Rob, as a strategic weapon. So you'll continue to see us use it that way and think of it that way. And then to Rob's point, we'll continue to reassess the dividend level and buybacks and try to get the balance as right we can with the vantage point of being the largest shareholder.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Brian, is, look, as Craig said, we got a lot of ways to win now. The firm is really scaling and diversifying. Last time I counted out what we have coming to market in the next 12 to 18 months, it's something like 27 different line items. So there's lots of different products in the market, and that's away from Global Atlantic.
Scott Nuttall: I think it's any more substantial than it would be today, on the second question. And on the first question, look, I think the opportunities we see in private wealth give us that much more confidence that it's in excess of $4 in 5-or-so years. And I think the in excess of is something you should focus on, and we'll try to do better than $4. But I think retail, private wealth opportunity gives us more confidence we have an opportunity to continue to outperform expectations.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks, Gerry. It's Scott. Look, it is a competitive environment, and we see -- we have competition across everything that we do. We have a lot of smart competitors. They tend to be responsible, smart competitors, and so we've been able to pick our spots and lean in on opportunities where we think we have a clear competitive advantage. And we've been really pleased with the progress we've been able to make.  As I've mentioned in the past, one of the key reasons that we wanted to create the partnership with Global Atlantic is the strength of the management team. And they have really built really nice relationships all around the world with different counterparties, and that's allowed us to lean into these blocks. And so yes, there's been a significant flow of block activity. We expect it will continue. We expect it will be competitive, and we expect we'll continue to win our share.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I would add, Brian, as you heard Rob referenced before, that, in addition to kind of having confidence, we can at least double fee-related earnings in the next 5-or-so years. We think we can do the same with distributable earnings per share. And obviously, having a line of sight that we do in terms of embedded value in both carry and balance sheet gains is part of the reason we have that confidence. But to Rob's point, we'll continue to monetize. And hopefully, we'll continue to replenish with other unrealized gains and other investments perform.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks, Michael. It's Scott. I'll take that. In terms of the investment that we're making, first, the investment we're making is in headcount. So the team, kind of probably 18-plus months ago, it was probably around 10 people. It's now pushing 40. I would expect that number will likely triple or so again from here over the relatively near term. So we'll continue to build the focused private wealth team out, including marketing. That's kind of investment 1.  Investment 2 will be in all things tech and operations, around making sure that we're able to service the private wealth client in a best-in-class way. So we're continuing to make investments there. You heard Rob referenced some investments we're going to continue to make in technology. Some of that will be around the space. But those are the 2 predominant, in addition to what I talked about before, which is product development.  In terms of buy versus build versus rent, we are clearly building, and we're doing some renting as we sit here today. And we are, as part of our corporate development efforts, assessing whether there's anything that could make sense to buy. But right now, it is build and rent and create partnerships, and we'll let you know if we find anything that we think is interesting enough to move into the buy category.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. No. It's a great question, Mike. I mean, we do see a real opportunity to meaningfully expand these real estate and infrastructure platforms. As you know, both of those were more or less created over the course of the last 10 to 12 years. These are very large end markets and that there's a significant amount of client interest in all things real assets. If you have yield and inflation protection, which these asset classes do, you've got a real significant investor appetite right now.  There's probably 5 things I'd point to. One is we're just, regular way, scaling of the more opportunistic strategies. So if you think about it, it wasn't that long ago, we were an infrastructure, one, how that platform has scaled materially from $1 billion to -- in the teens per fund, so big opportunity as we continue to scale the opportunistic platform.  The same thing is true in real estate. You can see REPA I to REPA III, but we also have a European real estate opportunistic strategy, same thing in Asia. So real opportunity. Just keep scaling those platforms regular way on the back of performance.  Second would be what we're doing in core. We have raised meaningful capital this year for core infrastructure and for core plus real estate. Again, very large end markets. Those are performing well and scaling.  Third is going global. A lot of what we've done started in the U.S. We're now expanding to Europe and Asia, so you're going to see us have a Europe and Asia core plus real estate strategy. That's something that we'll continue to add to our suite of products as we continue to take these efforts global and real assets.  Fourth would be selling to individuals. We talk about KREST a lot, but there's various other products that we're in the process of creating and other versions of real assets democratized for the individual investor.  And then to Craig's good point, it's not just equity. There's also a big opportunity to continue to scale what we're doing in real estate credit. Global Atlantic has allowed us to meaningfully expand that business, and we see more opportunities around the world, including in Europe, where we're going to start building a real estate credit platform there. So a long way of saying we agree with you. There's a lot of growth opportunity.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Just a couple of things I'd add, Alex. I appreciate the question. As Craig mentioned, today, the products that we have, we put in this democratized category, focus on credit, real estate, private equity. And we have a number of others that we're working on across different asset classes.  In addition to those that I'd put more into kind of the '40 Act, fully democratized zone. We also have a number of our funds that we actually sell through private wealth platforms, which is another big contributor. And in the past, as I mentioned, it's been about 10% to 20% of the total money we've raised has been from that individual investor channel, broadly defined. I think what Craig mentioned is really critical. Though it is still early, we see a lot of upside here. That's why we're guiding you that we think that 10% to 20% number will move up to 30% to 50% over time, and it's an area for us that -- where we see a significant amount of growth ahead. In addition to building our own team, which we continue to expand and invest in, we are creating partnerships, to your point, with external managers. We'll have more to share with you on that front over time, but we're creating partnerships with wealth platforms around the world, in addition to building our own team.
Robert Lewin: Yes, sure. Bill, thanks for the question. I think, in retrospect, I think it's fair that some of the historical guidance we gave over the last 6 to 12 months is on the conservative side. But at the same time, if you look, our business has so much more momentum today than it did, even 6 or 12 months ago. And you could look at how we're performing in our different fundraises globally, all or pretty much all well ahead of expectations. The assets we have from Global Atlantic are far ahead of where we expected them to be. The momentum in our capital markets business is as good as it's ever been. And the last piece of it, less on fees, but I think also really pertinent to the discussion of growth going forward is we now have $16 billion of unrealized revenue or close to that on our balance sheet.  And so if you come back to your question around where growth can go from here, I think we should pause on the $100 billion of capital that we've raised year-to-date. If you think about it, only a very small percentage of the revenue and economics that we expect from this capital has hit our P&L so far in 2021. The vast majority of it is going to be in 2022 and beyond.  And the other neat point on the $100 billion of AUM that we've raised is that 50% of it has come from strategies that we weren't even in 5 years ago. So the ability to scale from there on that piece of the capital base, we think, is very real as well.  So maybe bringing that back full circle to where you were going and what we expect of ourselves, while our earnings base today is at a higher level than we expected 6, 12 months ago, as Scott mentioned earlier, we still have every expectation that if we execute really well going forward that we can more than double our FRE off of this higher base.  And likewise, looking at the full picture of our P&L, even off the higher distributable earnings number, the $3.50 or so that we've delivered over the LTM period, I also think we've got clear line of sight in that same period of time, the strong execution to double that to $7 plus. And so hopefully, that gives you a broader picture for how we're thinking about growth across the platform, Bill.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Glenn, it's Rob. Clearly, we've got a first-rate private equity franchise in Asia, a $15 billion fund, probably somewhere around close to double the size of our next biggest competitor in the region. The growth opportunity from here continues to be in private equity. We think it's still very much an under-addressed private equity alternatives market.  But really, it's the marriage between the best-in-class teams we have across 8 offices in Asia and what we do in the private equity side with the global capabilities that we're building up in areas like real estate, infrastructure, credit, growth equity, what we're doing in capital markets. We think the marriage of those 2 things with our market-leading position will create a bunch of growth going forward for us in that part of the world where we've got a real competitive advantage and think a real moat around the business franchise that we've built so far. And for our competitors to catch up requires a lot of investment.  So we feel really good about how we're situated. And we continue to believe that, over time, our Asia Pac business can be as big as our U.S. business one day.
Robert Lewin: Yes. I'll start off, Rob, and I'm sure Scott will jump in as well. I think the most important thing to any capital allocation framework is to make sure that you're consistent. And our approach to capital allocation has always been very much ROE based. And so we're always going to start that with what's an appropriate level of capital return to our shareholders and balancing that with investment back into KKR growth, assuming that it's able to achieve compelling ROEs. So let's take those in order.  We've said that we will continue to evaluate our dividend policy on an annual basis. We'll do that in Q1 next year. But what we've said is we'd look to grow that consistently over time. We want to continue to be a buyer of KKR stock. We feel really good about our body of work here over the last 5, 6 years. We've repurchased or retired close to 80 million shares. It's almost 10% of our outstanding shares today, close to 15% of our free float. We'd look to continue to do that going forward, and we're going to look to invest back into KKR for growth.  And I do think one of the areas of core competency that we do have is to be able to move capital around to the highest ROE opportunity. And if we're not finding that inside of the KKR platform, then we'd certainly evaluate greater returns of capital to shareholders through one of the first 2 buckets. That's really how we're going to approach it. And I think probably the most important point of any here is we do this in a really aligned way. The KKR employees are, as a group, the largest shareholder in KKR. And so we -- as we think about how to allocate our capital base, obviously, the mindset there comes from a very aligned perspective.
Robert Lewin: Yes. No problem, Gerry. You're right. We're early in the quarter, but we already have really good visibility into Q4 and into record levels, I think, of monetization activity, and we will turn into revenue. Size of now, that figure is north of $1 billion. So that's collectively across both our performance and investment income. As a reminder, this is going to be from deals that are either already closed today or have been signed up and we expect to close in Q4. I'd also note that for this quarter, for Q4, this figure also includes revenue from incentive fees that have already been booked through our hedge fund partnerships.  In terms of how that breaks down from a split perspective, so you could think about flow-through to profitability, I would say it's probably slightly weighted towards carried interest right now relative to both investment income as well as the performance income that comes from our hedge fund partnerships. If you recall, the latter has the same 10% to 20% comp load as our investment income. So hopefully, that gives you a flavor of what's ahead in Q4. But again, another strong monetization quarter for us.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Brian, it's a good question, obviously. And I -- we're going to be balanced. And what you've seen so far in 2021 is while we've had record levels -- year-to-date, I believe our monetizations and our revenue from monetizations is better than any year we've had for a full year. And even through that period of time, we've still grown our embedded gains and unrealized gains in our balance sheet. I think that comes from investment performance. So we can continue to generate strong investment performance in the future, which we feel good about, especially given the portfolio construction that we have in place. we think we'll continue to be able to generate healthy levels of monetizations and keep the pipeline for future years in place.  But obviously, a lot of it comes down to execution, and it's really hard to forecast from here. But I think if you look back at our -- really 2020, even a volatile period of time in 2021, you've seen a consistent level of monetizations even as our unrealized gains and embedded gains in our balance sheet have grown.
Robert Lewin: Brian, what we've talked about historically is probably a low 60s FRE margin. We were 61% last year. Year-to-date, even with a solid Q3, we're about 63%, so kind of in line where we thought we'd be. What we've also flagged is we intend to continue to invest across technology, distribution and marketing. And so you could see our OpEx line ticking up a bit. But the goal going forward over the next number of years is to be at a place where we're sustainably generating mid-60s types of FRE margins. But I think the guidance going forward will continue to be in that low 60% range. And hopefully, there will be periods of time where that can go up and ultimately be in a place where we're more sustainably generating those types of margins that are in the mid-60s.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Mike, just one quick thing to add on. As we think about headcount growth in SaaS space or really across the firm, it's important to note that we would expect to be able to operate within our stated comp range on fees in the 20% to 25% range. And so even with increased heads, I wouldn't expect that to impact our margins.
Craig Larson: Brian, it's Craig. Why don't I start? Thanks for the question. We don't have any updated fundraising guidance for 2022, but let me try and help frame things. I think really what you're seeing in this quarter is kind of interesting in this way is what you're seeing is the continued scaling of businesses and the increased diversification across the firm.  7 or 8 years ago, if we reported one of the strongest fundraising quarters in our history, it would have meant we had a big fundraising event in private equity. And so today, we're reporting an excellent new capital raise figure. New capital raised in Q3 is the second highest quarterly figure we reported in our history, and over 90% of that is coming from strategies outside of traditional private equity. So in private markets, half the capital was raised in infrastructure and real estate, as we talked about it. We have all these new initiatives. As Rob had mentioned, 50% of the capital year-to-date being raised from areas that didn't even exist within the framework of the firm 5 years ago. In Global Atlantic, as you mentioned, again, AUM meaningfully above where we would have ever expected it would have been at the time of announcement. And when you think of huge addressable market opportunities like we've touched on with these democratized products, that's all on the come.  So we don't have an updated figure for next year, but it just continues to feel like there's real momentum, and we're really well positioned, which is exciting.
Craig Larson: Mike, it's Craig. Why don't I start, just give you some facts around deployment? And I expect Scott will add on as it relates to investments for tomorrow. And I'm glad you asked about it. Honestly, we probably haven't talked about deployment as much detail as we should. As you note, we've continued to be really active. Year-to-date -- or in the quarter, $15 billion. Year-to-date, we're at -- we're approaching $30 billion. So when you look at that deployment figure through 9 months, that's already meaningfully above where we were in 2020, and that was a record year for us. So deployments have been really healthy.  I think a couple of thoughts on that, first, relates back to that thought of diversification. And as you noted, again, the strength we've seen in real assets with that amount in the quarter being pretty equally split between our real estate business and infrastructure. And if you contrast that with 2019 and 2020, again, this quarter, those businesses were about 60% of deployment in private markets. Combined, they were about 25% in 2019 and 2020. So as those businesses have scaled, as we've entered new asset classes like core -- and again, it's interesting when you think of core -- real estate core infrastructure, those end markets are larger in size than opportunistic.  So again, that addressable market for us has been increasing. You're seeing that in deployment. Core PE had its actually most active deployment quarter for us in the year. So while these businesses are growing and scaling, you're seeing that in terms of deployment.  I think one other point that's just interesting as it relates to private equity, we're being disciplined. So the level of activity is exceptionally high. There's a ton of flow. But really, what you've seen in the numbers is we're being disciplined, and we're drawing lines and really looking to pick our spots. So despite the overall healthy amount of deployment, year-to-date, private equity deployment is actually on pace to be below that in 2020.  And in public markets, again, the credit platform was growing materially before GA, continues to scale post GA. So that's driving a real step-up in deployment. That's both in terms of corporate origination as well as in asset-based finance.
Craig Larson: Rob, thank you for your help. And everybody, thank you for joining us. Please follow up with us directly with any follow-ups. Otherwise, we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks again.
