Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, Amanda. Welcome everyone to our third quarter 2015 earnings calls. Thank you for joining. This afternoon I'm joined by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, our Co-Chairmen and Co-CEOs in addition to Bill Janetschek, our CFO; and Scott Nuttall, Global Head of Capital and Asset Management. Before we get underway, we would like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our press release. And this call will also contain forward-looking statements, which do not guarantee future events or performance. And please refer to our SEC filings for cautionary factors related to these statements. This afternoon, we've issued a press release with our results for the third quarter and like last quarter we've also posted a supplementary presentation on our website that we'll refer to over the course of the call. We do have a broader agenda to review with you this afternoon. As you've likely seen in the press release and as highlighted on the second page of our supplement, we've announced a change in our distribution policy from the variable policy you are all familiar with to a fixed distribution of $0.16 per quarter beginning with the fourth quarter of 2015, which would be paid in 2016. In addition, our board has authorized a $500 million share buyback plan. Our thinking on these changes are pretty straightforward and I'd like to point you to the third slide, excuse me. First, we think it's important to remember that employees own or control about 45% of KKR, so the natural alignment here is quite clear. Second, the best way for us to create equity value over the long term is to participate to a greater extent in everything that we do. This includes the investments that we make and this includes owning even higher percentage of our stock by implementing our buyback program. And finally, we have a financial profile that allows us to support a fixed distribution that today implies an indicated annual yield that's over 50% greater than the S&P 500, while still allowing us to invest more in everything that we do. In terms of our agenda for the call, Bill, is first going to review our results for the quarter. Henry, will then introduce to you the rationale behind the change in our distribution policy and buyback authorization. Scott is going to focus on our business model and what this means for all of us looking forward, followed by George, who will provide some closing thoughts before the Q&A. And with that, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through our results.
Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, George. And with that we like to open the line to any questions. Now, before we begin it does look like we already have quite a few people in the queue, so if everyone could please ask only one question and then a follow-up if it's necessary and then rejoin the queue, we would appreciate it. So with that Amanda, we'll take the first question.
Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Luke, I think that last point is actually an important one in terms of some of the changes – this is Craig – going forward. If you look in our press release, we historically have given lots of visibility in terms of the performance of the private equity portfolio. We're going to give going forward that same level of transparency in terms of the balance sheet investment performance. So, again, the detail we have on slides 5 and 9, which we haven't disclosed consistently except through our calls. And I think, over time, the thought we have is if we're able to perform that, over time, the balance sheet is going to be viewed as a long-term source of value creation for us versus a source of earnings volatility.
Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: A couple of thoughts on this, Brian. When we look at the shareholder base and how those investors define themselves and we've done all of this splicing and dicing that you'd expect, the largest holders of our stock are value folks, they're growth folks, and they're growth at a reasonable price folks. So your absolute traditional plain vanilla yield-oriented investors are not, despite the yield that we actually have given to the shareholders, is not as high as a growth and value oriented people. Now I'm not also – I'm not trying to suggest that our shareholders don't value having a current yield component or having recognized the yield that we've paid, but when I think of the composition of our shareholder base and who we end up spending most of our time talking to, it is much more highly skewed towards growth in value-oriented investors than it is to your traditional yield-oriented investors.
Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Thanks, Amanda, and thank you everybody for joining our call. I know it's been a longer call than usual. If you have any follow-ups, please feel free to follow up with us directly after the call. Have a good night.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah, look, I think, Bill, the highest level we kind of came at the conclusion that the variable distribution was not going to ultimately get valued. So, let's pay out the very recurring portion of our earnings and that's the $0.16 per quarter, $0.64 a year, as Bill said, we've been run rating. And then, let's take the excess cash that we generate and do thinks with it that we think will get valued in the market over time. We took you through the balance sheet performance we think making investments off the balance sheet will create value over time and we think buying back our stock will create value over time as we can compound on a per share basis. Giving you specificity around the use of the $500 million, how fast we're going to use it? We'll see. We'll see how the stock trades. But our view has been, as Henry said, that looking at the course of last several quarters we've been very nice to have a buyback authorization in place, given how the stocks perform. So you should expect to see us using it. The pace we'll get back to you and let you know how much we use how quickly. But we expect that we'll be using it.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Michael, this is Scott, I'll take it. Look, I think in part, yes, but really If I were you I'd step back and say you are right. When we bought KFN, we said let's have more assets on the balance sheet, it will give us more fee and yield earnings. So we have a higher predictable base which we are now going to be paying out in the fixed distribution on a go-forward basis and we will have more capital that we could redeploy into higher returning opportunities, which as you can see on page nine of the deck, we've been doing that. So, we've been selling down some of the old legacy KFN investments and rotating into higher return opportunities. But if you step back even further, what we are really saying and I gave the example using 2014, is last year we paid out $1.5 billion in dividend, on a go-forward basis it will be between $500 million and $600 million. That $1 billion of excess cash flow that was paid out in the variable distribution we were paying, we're thinking we can create more value with that $1 billion by doing two things. One is to invest in opportunities and generate the types of returns you see on page nine, and the other thing is to buy back our stock and to be clear obviously we are buying back our stock from the public shareholders only. So, a bit over half of the stock is owned by the public. So, if you use a $500 million buyback and you think about the aggregate cash that was going into investors' pocket versus it's now, it's really not a big shift, we were just changing it from distribution to buyback.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yes, I think we'll be including kind of numbers like pages five and nine, Rob. So, it'll give you better sense for the aggregate balance sheet performance also.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I think the way we looked at it, Chris, to be really clear is kind of going back to what I said before. We think the market will value the more fixed component of our earnings and that's what we put into the fixed distribution and we are saying we are going to treat it more like a normal corporate dividend, so regardless of what we earn we intent to pay that. And then the excess over that amount we said that we thought that could create more value by investing more behind everything that we do and buying our stock. I think the point that as you think your way through the $500 million buyback, that's really just applied over the public shares though, because if you're going to do your math and you say $1.5 billion used to go out in total, if $750 million rough justice used to go to the public and $750 million to KKR, then now we've got $250 million going to public through their half of the dividend and the buyback would be entirely used for the public shares, so you get back more or less to $750 million to the public investors, that's the bigger point.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I think you've got the math right. We certainly have the fire power to more than offset the amount we use for annual compensation. And I think I would just go back to George's remarks that we've said is a strategic goal for ourselves to control our share count. So, you'll continue to see us use it and it's a long-term objective for us to grow book value per share and the overall share prices and so that's not one year objective, it's a long-term objective.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah, the only thing I would add, if you look at the last 12 months, Craig, we've kind of raised $15 billion plus $6 billion of new shadow AUM. So as Henry said, we are kind of at this inflection point, we have a number of strategies where we are raising second time funds, we've talked in the past about infrastructure with two or three times the size of one, direct lending two, three times the size of direct lending one. What's been happening over the course of the last couple of years is we've had a lot of monetizations in private equity. So your observation is right, we have been scaling these new business, but private equities has been bringing it down, but if you look at what we have in the market, I will just list it, America XII, our second real estate fund REPA II, Europe IV is finishing up fund raising, Special Sits II is still in the market, Direct Lending Europe, Real Estate Europe, our second mezzanine vehicle our private credit opportunities II, growth equity plus our hedge fund and continuous credit offerings. So we have a lot out there, so I think it's bit of a shift in the overall mix and the dynamic, but my sense is over time as we get into more of a normalized monetization environment in PE and these newer funds come on, you will start to see it move up.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, we are in the market right now with America XII, so I would expect that we are raising capital over the course of the next 12 months plus.
Scott C. Nuttall: Look, Chris, I think it is 6% of the float which if you look at a number of buybacks, it's probably middle of the fairway, but if we use it all, we can always go back ask the board for a larger authorization. So I wouldn't get too focused on the amount, this seems like a good starting number and let's see what happens.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I guess, Luke, I'm not sure we – I don't perceive a negative signal, I think frankly what we're saying is, we own the better part of half of the company. Whatever we do with the company, impacts the people at KKR to a much greater extent than anyone else and what we're saying is that we think, over time, we can create more value with this capital management policy as opposed to our previous one. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we're investors. We showed you on page 9 of the deck how we've been doing with the balance sheet investments. We think we can continue to make good investments and if the world dislocates, that tends to be – to Henry's point, when we make our best investments and we like that opportunity. And we think all of us, as shareholders, will benefit by controlling or reducing our share count if the stock continues to trade at levels we find compelling. So you put those two things together. I'm trying to follow this cynical train, but, from my standpoint, we're saying we just want to invest more in everything we do including our stock and the reduction in the dividend and the shift to a fixed dividend impacts the people at KKR just like it does to all of the shareholders and we're betting on the long-term and we're betting on ourselves.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah, I think – look, I think the positive I would give you is, it's now a fixed distribution before it was entirely variable. So you can count on the $0.16 a quarter whereas before it was variable math. The other piece of it that you look at is what we're saying is don't just value the balance sheet, look at the totality of the business model, it's balance sheet plus the fees, plus the carry. And that gets back to the point we're making in terms of the overall return we're generating and the cash flow we're generating. If you look at the ENI that we've been generating over the last several years divided by the book, we generate a very high ROE and we've done that without any leverage. So we think that that business model is quite an attractive one. If we keep doing that, the book value per share will compound and our earnings will continue to grow. And if we do those two things over time, and we'll keep giving you transparency in what we're doing with the balance sheet, we think that will ultimately show up in the share price.
Scott C. Nuttall: Look, I think, ultimately, what we're saying – and we think our shareholders will agree with this, as we continue to generate investment performance, better uses of our capital through compounding in the buyback program will, over time, exceed the market value of the distributions we're paying. And what we're saying is let's pay the fixed piece that people can model and understand in the variable component, we'll continue to tell everybody exactly how it's generated. But we think, over time, the market will value it more if we use it for buybacks and we use it to make our own investments and compound faster.
Scott C. Nuttall: No change. I mean, as I said, we're fiduciaries for our LPs, we'll continue to manage our portfolio and create exits when we think it's appropriate, so, no change in terms of how we think about exits.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, look, I think – thanks, Patrick, it's Scott – the Walgreens stock's performed very well. First Data has also moved up very materially for us over the course of the last 12 months. So, we continue to benefit from both of those holdings continuing to accrue up. As I said in the answer to the last question, I don't think the change in the distribution policy or capital management strategy is going to change how we think about those investments. What we will do going forward and what we've done in the past is take a look at opportunities that we have to invest throughout the firm and compare that to the upside and the potential we see in those two investments. We said in last quarter's call that you're going to see us, from time to time, take some more meaningful positions in companies. Walgreens and First Data are two prime examples of that. But clearly, over time, we sell down those positions which we could, but if we did, we would be able to redeploy that capital into other investments including buying back our own stock. But it does not change at all how we think about the monetizations. We're very excited to be in partnership with Stefano Pessina and Frank Bisignano and we think both companies have quite a bit of opportunity ahead.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I think the bottom line, Michael, is that the fixed distribution we expect would cover any tax payments for our investors who are taxable, which, keep in mind, is a subset of our investor base. We have a lot of folks who are not taxable or the way that they look at their returns is on a pre-tax basis, but the yield has been set at such a level that we would expect that it would cover taxes for taxpayers at the highest level.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I'll take it. Look, I think the opportunities that we see, they're abundant and across multiple asset classes. So, we've – if you look to – I'd put page nine kind of in front of you as you look at where we've been generating but where we're seeing deployment opportunities really is, as Henry said, around the world. And so, it's in private equity where we continue to see some pretty interesting opportunities especially in places where there is a bit of dislocation including Asia. We are seeing opportunities especially in the special situations in private credit areas especially areas like Europe where we've seen the banks pull back meaningfully and we talked in prior quarters about the opportunities that we see to step into the breach, whether it's direct lending or distressed, controlled distressed, et cetera. Our real estate business is busy on a global basis including in Europe and so we've created a dedicated vehicle for that. Growth equity is something that, thus far, we've funded off the balance sheet and so we are creating a dedicated vehicle. We may drop some of those balance sheet investments into the fund like we did when we launched our real estate business. So it's really is broad-based. But, in particular, where we see complexity, illiquidity, and dislocation is where we're finding the most interesting opportunities and the volatility of the late summer has created quite a bit of opportunity for us and it's a wonderful thing to have locked up capital to be able to invest behind the opportunities we see.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure, Glenn, it's Scott. Look, I think you're right. We're noticing the same thing. The leveraged financed markets in the U.S. getting a little bit more tricky, so the amount of supply coming has increased quite a bit. We are seeing – in some of the smaller deals or nichey deals, we're seeing some deals that get the rates pushed up to get cleared. In some cases, they're not getting syndicated but it's a bit of bifurcated market right now. So, if it's a good quality deal, it's getting down well. If it's a story credit, tougher quality, lot of leverage, then it is much more challenging. And so, it's bifurcation, we continue to see it, and we're watching the supply/demand balance as new deals get announced and the CLO machine slows down in the market a little bit. Europe, it feels like there is less supply that's been created, a bit more of a healthy dynamic, but we are watching the U.S. And any of these – anything that happens especially at the smaller end of the market or where the more story credits creates quite a bit of opportunity for us on our private credit businesses where we've seen our overall deployment continue to increase this year.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I'd say, couple of things. One, in terms of financing the types of transactions we do in private equity on the new deal front, we haven't seen any material change in behaviors. So we're still able to raise financing for new transactions. At the smaller end of the market, the mid-market and below, which is where do a lot of our work, in our private credit businesses, we are very active because we are finding banks less excited about underwriting those opportunities. What we are finding, though, is if there is a dislocation because the market backs up, and there is a lot of supply and it's hard for the market to absorb, that will be a great buying opportunity for us, both across our leverage credit businesses where we manage more liquid pools and in our private credit business. So that's the entire picture I think.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Alex, this is Scott. We're not going to be able to give you a specific formula to point to, but I think you can see the returns we've been generating off the balance sheet and we're looking for opportunities to generate very attractive double-digit-plus kind of returns and we will compare that to the opportunity with our stock. We think, right now, frankly, the stock is at a very attractive level. But as – over time, as the stock price shifts and the opportunity set shifts, we'll keep you updated on how we're thinking about it. We're not going to be able to give you specific math, per se, but we'll tell you how we're thinking about it.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Bill, this is Scott. I'll take that. Look, I think from – the first question, the leverage recap comment, look, I think we've run the firm historically with modest net leverage to zero net leverage. Our perspective is that we have a significant amount of upside through the companies that we're invested in, many of which are levered themselves as you know. And so, we didn't think it was appropriate to add a significant amount of leverage to the corporation at the risk. Actually, one of the slides in the deck we talk about is that simultaneous equation. We don't want to add a lot of franchise risk by adding a lot of leverage at the HoldCo. So, that's the main reason that we decided leveraged recap wasn't something that was attractive. In terms of the multiple on our fee businesses, I think you probably know the answer to that as best we do. I think our observation is that if you look at how we make money, certainly, we have a good chunk of our revenues come from fees, but we have a more meaningful component that comes from carry and from our balance sheet. And so, every time we go through our analysis, it's all connected. Investment return is the most important thing we can focus on and generate. If we generate investment returns, we'll have more carry, we'll have more balance sheet income. It'll be easier to raise larger pools of capital from third-parties and we'll therefore have more fees. So we're focused on what we can control, which is making good investments and monitoring them and making sure that we create real value. And so, that's how we thought about it. And all of that accrues to the positive for all of us as shareholders. So we think of it as, frankly, a more fungible set of revenues where all things benefit from generating good investment returns.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah, the other thing I would do is just ask you to rise up our overall – the leverage credit performed about in line with the LSTA for the quarter. So there's nothing of interest there. But I'd just point you back to page five, the balance sheet performance as a whole down 2.3% for the quarter, the MSCI down 8.3%. So, overall, in any given quarter, you're going to have some things working really well, some things not. We'd ask you to look at the whole body of work which is kind of the overall investment portfolio performance.
William Joseph Janetschek: Bill, for the time being we look at alternatives all the time. We're quite comfortable with our structure as it sits today, although things could change. Thank you.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Rob, this is Bill. You're thinking about this correctly. We're coming up with now a fixed distribution and as we continue to grow the business and we perform, you can expect that that number would go up, but right now we've come out with $0.64 for the very short-term, we're not going to change that. But again, if the business performs and we don't have additional uses for the capital that dividend could increase for sure.
William Joseph Janetschek: Yeah, Rob, we'll continue to report that information plus we'll also provide supplemental information and really try to lay out exactly how we're running the business as well, so we'll provide both.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Craig, this is Bill. When you take a look, during this quarter we actually brought on about $3 billion of AUM, but keep in mind that we've got approximately $11 billion that is committed that under the – certainly on the public market side, we only get paid a fee and a carry when that capital is invested, and so, as capital gets deployed certainly on the public market side, you are going to see a ramp up in AUM and fee-paying AUM. Likewise, as you know we are out raising several funds and we would think that based upon the good performance we have with a lot of the funds that we have taking our latest North America fund being in the top quartile that when we go out and raise that successor fund, we would hope that that fund might be larger than the last. Scott, any more color you want to add.
William Joseph Janetschek: Right. So we'll be raising capital through 2016 and probably in the front-end to 2017 and obviously that fund won't turn on until most of the capital is deployed in North America XI.
William Joseph Janetschek: Well, when you think about the way we're structured, obviously we're a PTP and one of the things that we took into consideration when we analyzed the distribution was that we wanted to make sure that we were going to right-size the distribution to deal with taxable income flow-through for our investors.
William Joseph Janetschek: Yes, you're right. This quarter, the number was a little lower. And so, depending on the cash flows from the investments that we have in real estate or energy, I wouldn't say they are more seasonal, but they are. And so, what you typically see is a little more cash flow come in in the second quarter and the fourth quarter. But on a run rate basis, when you take a look at that, I would say that number is going to be anywhere between $50 million and $60 million each quarter. And if you take a look at the nine months number, that's pretty close to being spot-on with the $50 million to $60 million cash earnings per quarter.
William Joseph Janetschek: No, I was going to say, when you take a look at what happened during this quarter, the LSTA was down 1.4%. We own sub notes in our CLOs and so you're going to see the impact go through on a mark-to-market basis this quarter. But when you take a look at our balance sheet and the exposure we've got to the CLOs, we're pretty comfortable with those positions.
William Joseph Janetschek: Patrick, we're not going to be able to enter the market until Friday. So we're releasing earnings tonight and we're not going to be able to participate until Friday morning.
Henry R. Kravis - Co: Yeah, just – this is Henry – let me just add one thing to that, that if you look at our history for almost 40 years now, the more dislocation, the more volatility, the better we've done and now we're in a much better shape than we've been before and that we are global. So, we can invest around the world, there always going to be opportunities for us to put money to work in very interesting segments. And if everything is just going straight up or at a very high price, it makes it much tougher but the fact that there is the volatility, the fact that prices have come down in a number of sectors becomes much more interesting for us. And, obviously, the same thing would be true with our balance sheet that is investing alongside as the EP of all of our different funds.
Henry R. Kravis - Co: This is Henry, I'll just add to that and that is that we have to look at that and weigh against all the other opportunities that we have whenever you're buying stock, you look at that and you say, is that a good risk adjusted return for the capital that we have or we better to make an investment in another entity or to buy a company or take a bigger position in one of our own companies. And that's what we're always weighing it against.
Henry R. Kravis - Co: And by the way that's the way it has been since we started the firm, we're not tied to any particular time to get out. We really look and see what do we feel is the best time to maximize the value for our limited partners.
Henry R. Kravis - Co: This is Henry. I'll just add one thing to that what Scott said and that is that, we wanted to get ourselves into a position to be a real solutions provider to companies, to be able to invest up and down a capital structure, whether it's equity that's needed, debt that's needed of all classes. And we've gotten ourselves into that position. So, as a number of the financial institutions have cut back on in lending to certain companies or providing capital to certain companies, it's enabled us to have a much more meaningful role and it has created many more opportunities for us around the world. So, when people think about private equity, a lot of people think about it only as buying 100% of the company. In fact, that's not the case at all anymore, it's anything on the balance sheet or in the capital structure that is needed including minority investments that can help a company make an acquisition can delever their balance sheet et cetera. And that's what Scott is talking about as that the numerous opportunities that we're seeing today.
