Craig Larson: Hey, Craig. It's Craig. Why don't I start? Thanks for the question. I think as we look forward, we continue to see a really active amount of funds and strategies that we expect to be in the market with. We talked historically about having 30-plus strategies in the market over the coming 12 to 18 months. I think if anything, that number probably would've increased relative to what we would've talked about six or 12 -- three or six months ago. So, I think the level of activity and the number of strategies remains at a high level. We don't have any guidance or specificity as it relates specifically to our infrastructure strategy. But I think when you look at the back of the tables and you look at invested and committed capital relative to the size of the fund, I think fair to assume that that's something that is becoming a front of mind topic for us, but nothing to announce specifically as it relates to individual timings, let alone closings at this point.
Craig Larson: Hey, Glen. It's Craig. Why don't I start? Look, I think -- let's take a step back for a moment, and I know that you all know all of this very well, but I think when we look at this opportunity, it's a real long-term secular opportunity that we had ahead -- that we have ahead of us. So, individual investors have not had an easy way to access the Alt space historically. I think that is certainly true as it relates to private equity most specifically. And so, if individual investors have 1% of their assets invested in Alts today, and that goes to 5% over the next several years, that's $8 trillion to $10 trillion of additional capital that has the potential to flow into alternative products.  And as it relates to a number of the points that Rob mentioned in terms of the strength of our brand, relationships that we have, the track record that we bring, all the investments we've made in terms of distribution, all of these things are super positive. And then you layer on top of that, the products creation and creativity that we think that we've brought to a number of these products. So, on our last earnings call, we'd noted that we had launched our PE vehicle as you'd indicated outside of the U.S. It closed on chest over, $400 million with distribution expected increase and infrastructure also soon to be accepting capital. And so, 90 days later, here we are with $1.9 billion raised across both PE and infrastructure, which is great. So, it's ahead of our expectations.  I think in terms of lessons learned, I guess I point to three. One, brand again is super important. I think, number two, again, I'd emphasize the product creation point, starting with KREST and as you then see that expansion. And then finally, I think that we have the ability to leverage the relationships that we've earned through KREST as we continue to expand into new distribution channels in private equity and infrastructure. So, hopefully that gives you a sense on that.
Craig Larson: Hey, Brian. It's Craig. Why don't I start? First, thanks for all of the detail and noticing core PE again, it's one of the reasons we'd added that page in our press release focused on the asset class and the strategy. So, a lot of innovation in our firm happens when we can't find a home for great investments, and that's what happens with core private equity. It's a long duration strategy where we expect to hold investments in compound value for 10 to 15 years, but the risk reward is fundamentally different than our relative to our opportunistic PE funds. And so, at this point, we put together what we think is a really great portfolio of companies diversified across the world. As you noted, since inception returns have been very positive. That $34 billion of AUM was $12 billion three years ago. That's all organic growth. And I think, another point just as it relates to this in our model, because you're right, we've got the $6.2 billion of fair value relative to the $3 billion of cost. So with shareholders, we're participating in the economics, both in terms of the management fees and performance fees on the third-party piece, the compounding you see on the balance sheet. And then on top of that, we'd expect capital markets revenues to continue to grow alongside. Capital markets revenues in the quarter were between $25 million and $30 million. So, we've got a number of ways to win. I think from an LP standpoint, the types of LPs who find this asset class most interesting are those -- I think probably larger plans with longer dated liabilities and are interested in the matching aspect related to the asset class. So, I think that the opportunity for us to continue to grow both the third-party piece as well as on the balance sheet is one we're going to be talking about, have an opportunity to talk about for a long period of time.
Craig Larson: Thanks for the question. I think, the answer is yes, distribution continues to expand. If you think of this as a funnel, I think from our standpoint, the funnel continues to grow at the very top end and that's global. So, as we talk about, for instance, private equity and infrastructure, those are vehicles where we specifically had created vehicles focused on individual markets in the U.S. and outside of the U.S., that opportunity again is, is one that's global and we're pursuing along those lines. So, nothing specific in terms of number of platforms today versus a year ago or anything along those lines. But I think the broader point again is just when we look at the opportunity we have ahead of us, trillions of opportunity of dollars that can move over into the Alts and we think we're really well-positioned to take a healthy piece of that.
Craig Larson: Hey, Brian. It's Craig. Why don't I start and then Rob will pick up as it relates to the monetization piece, I think specifically. So, a couple of observations. If you think, and let's start with private equity and real assets and then as you note we'll switch to credit, but I think over the last 18 months, a lot of the primary markets have effectively been shut. The IPO market's been pretty much shut over this period of time. The syndicated debt markets have been dislocated for the majority of that period, and capital has been quite precious. There's no question. Now those from a deployment standpoint, those are all things that are good for us. And so that's why I think on a number of these calls, you've heard us actually be quite constructive on risk reward. I think as it relates to private equity and real assets, we're value focused. We're looking for those opportunities where we can bring our operational resources to bear and where those can really move the needle. We love corporate carve outs. We've also been very active on pursuing public's private at this point. We've announced or closed on 14 take private transactions since the beginning of 2022. The most recent of those, you probably would've seen some articles this morning. So, I think that's been an area for us where we've been as active as anybody. I think as it relates to credit, and again, this is a big business for us. We've detailed in our press release, you see it on page 11, the composition of that overall amount of AUM $227 billion, of that we have $80 billion in private credit, really broken into those two pieces. Asset-based finance, real secular drivers as Rob had mentioned in his prepared remarks. And I think in direct lending, we remain very constructive on the risk reward, but you've seen overall transaction volumes be pretty modest within direct lending. So, I'd think of that asset class as one that has been taking a greater share, but of a smaller piece of the pie. But on overall risk reward, we remain very constructive on regular way direct lending at the same time.
Craig Larson: Hey, Finian. It’s Craig. Why don't I start? And again, I think the product creation part is an important component as it relates to this. So, across all four as it relates to real estate, private equity, infrastructure, as well as the private BDC. We're focused on having the opportunity to launch those vehicles and fundraise across both of those markets. So, the entire case suite is again allowing us to look to raise capital both through accredited investors and not just through qualified purchasers. And that's meaningful in our view. Like -- I think the accredited investor market is multiples the size of the qualified purchasers market. So, again, that pie or the top of that funnel is one that is in our view very broad and helps just increase that long-term opportunity that we see.
Craig Larson: Hey, Mike. It's Craig. Why don't I start on infra? So, again, thank you for asking about. So two and a half years ago at our 21 Investor day, it was April of 21, we walked through infra as a case study for us is really how we look to build platforms over the long-term. And it begins with strong performance of the flagship strategy. And then that really is what allows you to earn the right to both scale those flagships and innovate into new adjacencies. And so today, our infrastructure platform is built out with four distinct segments. We have our global Infra Fund series, Asia Infra, diversified core, and then most recently, the infrastructure vehicles customized for private wealth investors. And so, to give you a sense of how that's grown, AUM at that Investor Day was $17 billion. At June 30, we were at $54 billion, so that's $17 billion to $54 billion. All organic. The growth in innovation hasn't stopped. Again, I think we're in the earliest of days as it relates to infrastructure and private wealth. It's an asset class that we think lends itself very nicely in this marketplace. And look, the renewables space is an area where we also think we can do more. So more to come here over time. And as it relates to deployment, logically, as you've seen the increase in our footprint, you've seen the step function increase in overall deployment stats for us. So, infra deployment in 2019 was a little over two -- was a little over $2 billion. It was $2.1 billion. 2020 is $2.2 billion. Over the last 12 months, we've invested $12 billion in the asset class. So -- and again, as you would've seen in -- as Robert touched on capital markets, there are flow through opportunities for us at the same point in time. So more to come, but it continues to feel like we're wonderfully well positioned.
Craig Larson: Why don't I start, Alex? So, first glad that you asked about, again, back to the detail we provided on page 11. So, we've got $227 billion of AUM in credit and liquid strategies. A key component of that is the $80 billion in private credit. Two big pieces here, the $45 billion in asset-based finance alongside of the $33 billion of direct lending. These are big businesses for us. And so, back to your question, ABF is a massive end market, $5-plus trillion. You have high barriers to entry in our view -- a lack of scale capital against this end market. And we have, and we continue to see it, many traditional providers leaving the market and in our view creating a void. And so, we're finding attractive risk reward, would say that's true in terms of the high grade ABF strategy, which to date has been led really in partnership with everything that Global Atlantic has doing. And that's been increase opportunities for us to continue to be more relevant to the broad insurance landscape, as well as within our traditional asset-based finance strategy where we have funds and separately managed accounts focused on a mid-teens gross IRR opportunity. Those would be the strategies for instance that had pursued the PayPal transaction.  And so, deployment has been healthy. I think over the trailing 12 months, it's been about $11 million for us. So, it's been a place where we've been active. And in addition to the PayPal partnership that we announced in June, the team does continue to be active on the regional front. I think our most recent portfolio acquisition here close about two weeks ago. And in terms of fee rates, we haven't really gone into detail in terms of the separation between the high grade and the asset-based finance strategy. But fair to say that commensurate with that risk return that you're correct. The high grade would be a different area as it relates to blended fee rate relative to the asset-based finance fund itself.
Craig Larson: Rob, thank you for your help and thank you everybody for your continued interest in KKR. Please feel free, of course, to follow up with me or the IR team post this call. Otherwise, we look forward to speaking to everybody in 90 days or so. Thank you so much.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. Great. Good morning Alex, and thanks a lot for the question. So, taking a step back just more broadly as it relates to capital allocation, the most important thing for us, and you've heard me say this and us as a management team say this before, most important thing is to have a consistent approach. And ours is one that I think is really maniacally focused on driving ROE and the highest per share earnings that we can with the lowest per unit of risk. And we talked about four strategic areas of deployment that we think can accomplish that. And so that's core private equity investing, continuing to invest across the insurance space. You mentioned strategic M&A. And the fourth one is share buybacks. And we think a real core competency of our management team is being able to move that marginal dollar of liquidity around to the highest return opportunity. And the thing that's going to drive the most earnings per share over time. And maybe the final point here is we're highly aligned in that decision-making process. As you know, KKR management owns close to 30% of KKR stock. And so, back to your specific question on share buybacks, as you mentioned, I noted on the prepared remarks, we've bought back over 90 million shares that represent almost 15% of our free float since we initiated our buyback program seven, eight years ago and just over $27 per share. So, we really like the body of work that's been accomplished over a long period of time.  And so, all to say share buybacks going to continue to be a very important part of our go-forward capital framework and capital allocation policy. But we're going to continue to look at other ways of driving growth in earnings per share over time as well, including in areas like core private equity insurance and M&A. Hope that's an helpful overview.
Robert Lewin: And Glen, just a quick follow up on the 401 K point, no plans in the immediate future as it relates to that. I do think it's worth noting though that KPAC is structured in a way that can be distributed through to the accredited investor and not just qualified purchasers. It's one of those points of innovation that I highlighted in our prepared remarks.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. Great. Thanks a lot for the question. As you noted, GA continues to perform at a really high level, and in Q2 was ahead of our target returns for GA at a 15%-plus, pretax ROE. In terms of the operating earnings in the quarter and why you saw that quarter-on-quarter decline, that you referenced, really a function of a strategic decision at the GA level to position our book in more liquid securities at the beginning of Q2, more cash, more liquid fixed income. If you think back to early part of Q2, we were still in that regional bank crisis timeframe and I think we made the right decision to reposition the book at that point in time, gave up a little bit of ROE in the quarter, as you noted, but I think the right decision for the business.
Robert Lewin: Sure. Thanks a lot for the question, Mike. If you look our capital markets business year-to-date, we've generated $250 million of revenue. And if you look back over the past four quarters, we've averaged $110 million to $115 million of revenue. And so, we're really proud of that performance and environment where the capital markets put that in equity we're largely shut for most of that period of time. So, I feel like we've built a business model that is quite durable in tough operating conditions. In terms of the back half of the year, you've noticed some green shoots and we've certainly seen some signs of life in the leverage finance market, a little bit in the IPO market, maybe the secondary market follows. I think it's a little early to call that we're out of it, but we do really think that we're positioned in an environment where the capital markets come back to generate really outsized outcomes. Hopefully that environment really persists and we can generate those types of outcomes for our shareholders in 2024 and beyond. Like I remind you that in 2021, our capital markets business in a really up market generated $850 million of revenue. So, I feel like we've built this model that protects in the downside, but really offers the opportunity for outsized -- outcomes when the markets are open. And I think we are doing much more as a firm today than we did in 2021. So, I think the opportunity is greater as we go forward here with that business.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. Thank you. And then, on your question on the monetization side, it's a bit of an odd quarter for us. We've got a couple of pretty meaningful monetizations that sit on the bubble between Q3 and Q4. So, instead of providing just a Q3 number in isolation, what I can let you know is that we have at least $350 million of visibility around monetization related revenue over the second half of the year. As usual, as we get to the end of this quarter, we'll provide that specific press release, which details our performance through the quarter. And so, what we're seeing a bit of an uptick here for sure. I think consistent with the overall tone and what we're all feeling is a bit more of a constructive environment. I'd still say that we're in the part of the cycle where we are underearning our intrinsic earnings power. So, hopefully more to come here, but a little bit of upside relative to where we've been.
Robert Lewin: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Brian. And I think you could separate a little bit deployment and monetization. As Craig went through, there's a lot going on in the deployment side, and we've done our best as a firm to really be focused on linear deployment of the dry powder in our strategies. Of course, when the capital markets are open, it makes deployment a little bit easier, but there is no doubt when the capital markets are open and the overall level of volatility comes down for some period of time that it's going to open up real drivers to be able to generate monetization related revenue. I mentioned on the call, we've got $10 billion on our balance sheet today of effective embedded gains between carried interest and our balance sheet investments. So, we're very well-positioned to be able to take advantage of the market opening. And again, we hope that some of the green shoots we've seen here persist post Labor day, and that presents some really good opportunities for us to deliver outsized outcomes in 2024 and beyond.
Robert Lewin: And then, Mike, very quickly, your second part of your question, in the quarter we deployed approximately $850 million off the balance sheet. A good chunk of that -- most of it is a core private equity. And then our realizations were a little under $250 million on the quarter.
Robert Lewin: Great. Rufus, thanks a lot for the question. Asia remains a core part of our growth story at KKR, and we've talked about this in the past for a number of reasons. We feel really good that our Asia business one day will be as big as our U.S. business. So, we've got a great competitive position in the marketplace, plus private equity and infrastructure, both of which are the largest in the region in terms of fund sizes. We've got real growing businesses across real estate, as well as credit as well. In terms of the KJRM acquisition, that's off to a great start. And from a strategic standpoint, really doing what we wanted it to accomplish, which is to generate very consistent returns for their existing investor base, which translates into a very predictable management fees for us at KKR. But much more importantly, in terms of what it does for the rest of our opportunistic strategy and core plus strategy in the Japan market, just markedly changed our approach to what we're able to do in Japan. And really in terms of one of our big growth engines within Asia is the Japanese market. And our competitive position there is in particular really strong and KJRM really helps cement that.
Scott Nuttall: The only thing I'd add, Alex, if you look at what we've been doing the last several years, as you know, we've deployed several billion dollars to M&A, that's been quite additive to our fee paying AUM, our FRE, our TDE. So, to Rob's point, we look at it holistically, look at the relative trade-offs. It's less about needing to invest in the business to start new strategies or seed new businesses. It's more about what's going to give us that highest marginal return on capital, as Rob mentioned.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Brian. It's Scott. Just a couple incremental thoughts for you. One is a younger part of the private equity asset class, so to some extent there is a bit of an education still happening. As you noted, we do have a significant amount of AUM. We have a lot of dry powder as we sit here today. But we've been out talking to investors around the world about why we like it so much and how aligned we are, and we're having some really good conversations. In addition to the larger plans that Craig referenced, and those may be focused on 10, 15, 20-year compounding, we're also seeing interest from large scale family offices that tend to think that like we do in terms of the power of long-term compounding, probably a greater appreciation for reinvestment risk. And as the portfolio continues to mature and we spend the dry powder, we have, we'll be back to market before too long. I'd be happy to share more color then.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Mike. It's Scott. Just maybe a little bit more color from me. And away from just the capital market specificity of your question, I just speak to overall firm activity. As Rob said, it's far too early to declare a return to normalcy, but there's no doubt that over the last several weeks, it feels like the markets are thawing a bit. The new deal pipeline and activity is up. Some monetization discussions are up. If that continues and if the public markets continue to perform, then we'd expect carry through to the fundraising environment over the next few quarters. But all that could reverse again with bad news. We've seen a couple headaches from this market, but overall there's no doubt that activity is up and the tone's improved. And it'll be interesting to see if this carries through post Labor Day.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Arnaud. It's Scott. I'm just a little bit color from my standpoint as Jim and I have been traveling around the world, we're definitely spending time with other distribution partners. As a reminder, 18 of our 23 offices at KKR are outside the United States. And maybe behind your question, we agree with the sentiment that this is not just a U.S. opportunity in private wealth. We very much look at it as a global one and have built teams in Europe and Asia and are developing partnerships in both places in addition to the U.S.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Brian. It’s Scott. I'd say -- I would expect both deployment and monetizations to increase if the capital markets open up. As a reminder, we've got $100 billion of dry powder, and so that's great news from a deployment standpoint. When markets are shut, it's harder to get deals done. We've been more active, especially recently, but there's no doubt if the capital markets open, there'll be more -- overall M&A activity, which will accrue to our benefit, and you'll also see more monetizations and that'll run across asset classes, including to your question infrastructure.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Rufus. It's Scott. I'd say to your question on would we do more M&A in the region and consolidate in that way. We'd be open to it. We're always looking. So, definitely open-minded.  The only other thing I would add is Global Atlantic is also now growing with partnerships in Asia. Something that we've been able to do now that we're together. We announced Block with AXA in Hong Kong. We, of course, announced the Japan Post Partnership this past quarter. We've announced some flow partnerships in Singapore is just one more example. And there's other discussions along those lines. Some are between organic and inorganic, but we do see opportunities to expand our insurance efforts in Asia as well.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah. Alex, it’s Scott. Just maybe a little bit more color on the types of capital raising. This is going to be a bunch of different formats, so you're not going to see a large flagship fund would be my guess. But we do have an ABF fund. We have our BDCs. We have leveraged separate accounts. We have unleveraged separate accounts. We have a high grade ABF strategy, which also tends to be in separate account format, and there's other things that we're working on. So, it all aggregates up to the $45 billion or so that Craig mentioned. I say you're right, the initial interest over the last several years has been from a number of different places. But if there's a thematic to it, if insurance, we now manage roughly $200 billion for insurance companies, 140, 150, give or take from GA, the rest from third parties. And we have 150 insurance companies that invest with us on a third-party basis. But also increasingly we're seeing interest from institutions. This asset class reminds me a little bit of infrastructure 10-plus years ago. There's a lot of education. In the early days, growing market, not a lot of people understood what it was. We are finding that there's increased interest in it as the focus on private credit has continued to broaden and go global. So, we're optimistic.
