Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks. I appreciate it Daniel. We had a good quarter and we did the bottom up fundamental analysis credit by credit that we typically do and feel very comfortable with our portfolio where it stands today but the same time we also know where we are in a risk on environment in the growth of covenant why issuance increased leverage of a number of businesses due to dividend recaps in the life generally across the market but just feeling that it top down adjustments back to 3.5% allowance to our loans held for investment was prudent.
Unidentified Company Representative: So we always thought it was the dollar amount we deployed growth dollars a little over $150 million actually cash out the door during since year end. As far as commitments we talked about a range commercial real estate, total commitments we entered in the quarter was to be in the results of capital going out somewhere in the range of $170 million to just a little over $200 million.
Unidentified Company Representative: And the answer to your follow-up question is yes we are targeting minimum expected returns of 10-year Treasury plus 1000.
Unidentified Company Representative: It’s really going to be a function of which assets on the commercial real estate strategy which represented the majority of our activity this quarter. I would expect probably run rate income on a blended basis for those assets usually starting to six to 12 months after you make the investments clearly if you make any private equity investments or depending on what you are doing in the especial situations again is less focus on run rate and then any debt instruments we buy obviously starting yielding assets left again.
Unidentified Company Representative: Exactly it’s a mix bag and the year lead investment that we made during are committed to just recently as of example when asked or begin showing up in the P&L immediately.
Unidentified Company Representative: You see that carrying value as of quarter end so where our balance sheet book value is $0.93 and the dollar of our corporate debt portfolio with the fair market value of north of $0.95 across all of our corporate debt. So, basically two points below fair market value.
Unidentified Company Representative: They are yielding to us from the yield maturity perspective sub 8% and the cash on cash portion of that yields is sub 3% and so redeploying that into Treasury plus 1000 would be accretive to our shareholders as we find opportunities going forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well we are always looking John for supplying the band amounts for capital deployment we’ve been consistent in view of how much risk we are willing to take and there are areas when you want to be on your front foot and won and areas when you want to be cautious. And so we expect over as we kind of entered the seventh ending of the credit cycles of example continue to find opportunities from European bank de-leveraging some of the challenges going on in that continent we expect volatility increases the capital deployment pace will increase logarithmically.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think it’s probably all of Lee this quarter we had well the normalized amount that was $0.22 but also reflected onetime tax payment equates about $0.02. So again every deals been normalized for the quarter probably would have been around $0.24.
Unidentified Company Representative: One benefit we recall we placed our revolver with a credit facility that’s not based on a sort of asset base that we borrow against so we’ve got a $150 million credit facility is untapped and that was up to give back to working capital really whenever we need. The amount of cash we would actually need to sit down with the current quarter to run the business and service debt is frankly de minimis.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah and plus you have the reinvestment of the mezz notes and the credit facility that we deployed into earning assets as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: The Board did have a discussion on the dividend this quarter, we were roughly $0.21 and we will obviously have a big discussion with Board in our next meeting and will report back to you with the outcome of that is.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we did. We talked about we had a $24 million one-time non-cash charge related to taking out of converts, of that amount $4 million was for interest expense which was a write-off of deferred finance cost that was a one-time amount.
Unidentified Company Representative: We expect the Federal Reserve particularly for the duration this year to keep short-term rates quite low. We do think that the change of the Federal Reserve Chairman no matter what direction President Obama goes will be more (dervish) than what we have today. We expect in 2014 long-term rates particularly focused on the tenure to appreciate substantially going from somewhere in the range of 1.65% up to three or higher as a result of kind of the curve adjusting. We think there is short-term impacts not only because of the (QE) on the 85 billion monthly purchases but also the end devaluation and Japanese investors putting $2 based assets is a defensive mechanism.
