Craig Larson: Sure. Hey, Craig. Why don't I start off? I think the main takeaway from what you're mentioning is the focus we have on broadening the funnel at the top end. And we're going to be focused on the wirehouses. Here in the U.S., we're going to be focused on independent broker dealers. We're going to be focused on broad private wealth internationally. And the products that we've created are ones that are going to be designed and tailored for those markets, different markets geographically, and again, with a focus on broadening the funnel as much as we can.  One of the topics we've been particularly focused on was making sure that we could appeal not only to the qualified purchaser market but the accredited investor market. Again, accredited investor market is eight or nine times the size of the qualified purchaser market. So again, that's just one example of a focus for us as is again, just one wanting to broaden that funnel at the top end as much as we can.
Craig Larson: Hey, Alex. It's Craig, thanks for the question. So a couple of thoughts here. First, when you look at the fun table in the back of our press release, the numbers you see on an invested basis will, if anything, be understated, as if we have dollars that are committed to an investment, those dollars actually won't show up in that table until those dollars are actually called and invested. So I think as you look at where we are in terms of the status of those funds, fraught [ph] and invested in committed basis, we're actually farther along than you might think that just by looking at those -- at that table on a face value.  And in terms of broad timing, nothing to announce specifically here. But we do expect over '24 and '25, that we will be active in both of those and that activity will supplement infrastructure for us, which is a front burner topic, as well as climate and on those last few we expect we'll be able to give some updates on those in the first half of next year. So again, just feels like our fundraising team is going to continue to be very active.
Craig Larson: And Mike, it's Craig. Just in terms of on the bank topic. Look, I think our team remains very active as it relates to finding opportunities with the banks. You would have seen a press release in Q3 focused on the acquisition of a portfolio from a regional bank through our ABF platform, and that activity will continue. When you take a step back and look at our platform, excuse me, we're over $80 billion of private credit AUM, $47 million in asset based finance and $36 million in direct lending. And if you think of asset-based finance for a moment, it's a $5 trillion market opportunity, and there are real secular tailwinds at play here. And in our view, against this really enormous opportunity, you've got a lack of scale capital. At the same time, as you know, many traditional providers are even further retrenching. So it's an area that I think we would highlight we just think we're really well positioned to continue to drive real long-term growth here.
Craig Larson: Yes. Why don't I start with the platform overall, and then I'm sure Scott will add on as it relates to opportunities and the tone of the team and the environment. Just to level set, we're $65 billion of AUM today with a very good balance between real estate equity and real estate credit. So we have round numbers, $30 billion in equity, $35 billion in credit. We have opportunistic strategies across the U.S., Europe, Asia. In the U.S., we have a core plus vehicle that's now expanded into Europe. We have half dozen or so credit vehicles. So it's a global business across multiple strategies, fully integrated that can create solutions up and down the capital structure across equity and debt in the U.S., Europe and Asia. And that's how we're situated against the opportunity. Now your point on the current environment is one that's really interesting because we think in the go forward looking over the coming 12, 24 months, we're very constructive on those opportunities. I think, as it relates to a couple of those. I think, first, look there is a wave of maturities and capital needs that are coming, and this is not U.S. office.  These are assets that are in very strong performing sectors. I think excellent assets but excellent assets with very levered capital structures. And this is going to take some time to work through, but this is an example of an opportunity that we're very actively talking about with our limited partners as we see and think through opportunities ahead in terms of our opportunistic pools of capital.  And the second I'd mention again would be real estate credit. So the dislocations that in our view, are creating really interesting opportunities. You have high base rates, spreads have widened meaningfully for new credit originations, terms have tightened. And so today's CRE loans have lower LTVs, better interest coverage, higher interest rates with more lender-friendly covenant and structures. So if you were to look back two plus years ago, at those subordinated tranches, pricing would have moved up from the low to single mid digits two years ago to low double digits today. And again, in our view, taking less risk with more LCVs and better terms. So I think as we think of how we're situated, we're very constructive and think we're in a position to be forward-leaning. I'll let you pick it up from there.
Craig Larson: Rob, first, thank you for your help. Thank you, everybody for your interest in KKR. We know this is a very busy earnings period for everybody. If you have any additional questions, please follow-up with us directly. Otherwise, we'll speak with everybody in 90 days. Thanks so much.
Robert Lewin: Yeah the only thing I'd add Craig, I think it's just part of the strategy. Our approach is really quite broad based. It's global. It's multi-channel all around the world. So what got picked up was just one element of that in the U.S.
Robert Lewin: Great, thanks a lot for the question. So a couple things on our capital markets business, and maybe I'll just start with this year and then frame how we think about the go forward. So as you look at really 2022 and 2023, we've been a really tough operating environment for much of that period of time. IPO markets have been largely shut, secondary markets have been close to shut. The leveraged finance market has been up and down. But certainly more down than up. And we're really proud of how that business has protected revenue in that down market. If you look, we were mid-$500 million (phon) in terms of revenue last year, while year-to-date, we're averaging about $110 million $120 million a quarter in that range.  We do feel good about where our pipeline suggests our revenue should be in Q4. And so feel like the team has done a great job being able to protect revenue in a down market. Now. Mike, I think you raised an important question around more normalized environment. If you look at 2021, we generated $840 million of revenue in our capital markets business. And as you suggest, we're doing more things today as a firm than we did in 2021. And I think we've got an opportunity to greater share with a third party component of our capital markets franchise. So we look at a more normalized environment.  We feel like that plus or minus $200 million a quarter is very achievable but to us that's not the top end. We're building out a platform that we think over time can have real growth off that number.  In terms of forward-looking indicators. AUM could be one, but I think it's really the scale and breadth of what we're doing across the firm or maybe more the breadth of what we're doing across the firm, as opposed to necessarily the scale. It's our ability to take share in the third party part of our business where we think we've got some real competitive differentiators versus the marketplace. I think those are more what the indicators are to watch for growth than necessarily what the AUM is for the firm. But thanks for the question.  It's a part of our business that we feel really good about right now, the experience of the past 21 months relative to what it could have been or what it would have been in past cycles that really speaks to what our team has built over the past 10 plus years.
Robert Lewin: Yes, Patrick. Thanks. Thanks a lot for the question. As we look forward in our business, really, the way I think about it, is in regular way organic part of our business, in the individual side, as we look at '24 that could be in that $10 billion to $15 billion range of organic flows. The institutional part of our business, again, more in that organic flow basis, probably in that plus or minus $10 billion range. And the outflows call it in the mid-teens. And so on a net basis, organically, we feel like GA should have, call it $5 billion to $10 billion of organic growth next year. Now you layer on top of that block activity as an example of the MetLife Block, which is all incremental and upside to that.  As we look at our pipeline on the block side, it feels as good today, as it has since we started our ownership of Global Atlantic. We're seeing some very specific deals out there where we can really partner with close relationships and be able to come up with win-win solutions for both us and our clients and partners in that space.  And so that's really how I would think about Global Atlantic and its ability to grow over the coming 12 months, both organically and then on the block side. We continue to see real momentum there, offset, of course, as you noted, by regular way withdrawals.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. I'll start. And so I think as you know, we've got a $4 plus billion healthcare growth strategy at the firm. We've got a big private equity focused on the healthcare space and our investment in Katalio [ph], which is really a leading life science investment firm at the more earlier stage, is a real partnership that we think can help make their business better, and then also make our business better from an origination perspective. And we think we'll get a very nice return on our capital based on their business growth and the ability to help originate flow for both our healthcare growth strategy as well as potentially our private equity strategy, maybe strategies across our credit business, a big reason why we did that transaction.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Thanks for asking that question. I'm glad you asked it because I know when that article came out, Craig Larson and his team got a lot of inbounds and questions. And since the shareholder agreement is not public, there is only so much color that him and his team are able to provide. To be very clear, KKR has got no contractual obligation to buy out the minority shareholders at Global Atlantic. What we do have is an obligation in the future to the extent that they want to seek liquidity to help them in that process, which of course, we'd be happy to do.  So no obligation on our part in any way. But of course, that option remains open to us in the future as well.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Brian, thanks for the question. I'll start. So I think we can do both is the short answer. I think we can invest into the firm for growth like we've been doing and expand our margins. No timetable as at least today to when we think we can achieve that mid-60 sustainable FRE margin. But I can tell you sitting here today, I have more confidence than I ever have in our ability to be able to achieve that over time.  I also -- I don't think that's the cap for us. As we look at the business that we're building across our asset management platform, I think there's opportunity over the long term to expand margins north of that mid-60% level. But one step at a time. We've got, again, a lot of conviction that we're going to be able to achieve that on a more sustainable basis, and we'll give you updates, of course, on our progress.
Robert Lewin: Great. Thanks for the question, Mike. So I think it's really multiple different factors. I think it's FRE growth, as you stated, and we can unpack that a little bit. And we definitely see further opportunities to grow and expand what we're doing with Global Atlantic to increase our earnings contribution from there. And then it's our $11 billion plus of embedded gains that sit on our balance sheet today. And that gives us a great deal of comfort in terms of our forward-looking earnings power. So it's a combination of those three things working together that ultimately gives us confidence in our numbers. And we said it last call, and I'll reiterate this call, we feel more comfortable today than we did when we initiated that guidance, I think, two years ago now in our ability to achieve our numbers. And I think that's saying quite a bit because if you think about what's happened at least in our space since we initiated that guidance two years ago, we've had very tough overall operating conditions. Tough fundraising market, tough overall monetization, volatile marks across the board, but we're sitting here now telling you two years in that we feel, even in spite of that, more confident than ever in our ability to achieve our targets.
Robert Lewin: Why don't I start with the deployment and realization and Craig will take up on some of the private credit related questions. So Mike this quarter, we're roughly $300 million of deployment and $300 million monetization of our balance sheet. Say, on the deployment side, it's pretty broad-based across our platform on the monetization side, maybe a little bit heavier weighting towards real assets.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Great. Thanks for the question. Some of the interest in dividends is just honestly, a function of rates coming up and where beneficiaries at on our cash balances and some of our floating rate exposure on the balance sheet. As it relates to $400-plus million, I would say, call it, 80% of that is more carried interest and 20% of that would be balance sheet income and our incentive fee from Marshall Wace in the quarter.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah, Glenn, thanks a lot for the question. I take a step back, and we're seeing a lot of momentum across really, all aspects of GA right now. Year-over-year bases are operating and comes up close to 30% in the business. We're seeing success distributing through the individual channel, through the institutional channel, while of course, we've seen cost of insurance tick up over the past 12 months, given where crediting rates are and products I think you've also seen a commensurate step up in net investment income as well.  And if you look quarter-over-quarter, our net investment income margin ticked up a little bit north of where cost of insurance was. And so net-net we came in about 15 basis points higher on return on asset basis in GA.  So we're feeling like the team is executing across all aspects of their business right now. You mentioned the DOL rules. I'm glad you brought that up. A punch line from our perspective is based on the draft regs that we have seen. We don't expect this to have a material impact on our business going forward. In many ways, the draft regs are similar to what came out in 2016. So I think the industry is well prepared for that, GA is well prepared for that. 90%-plus of our distribution today is through the bank and broker dealer channel. We feel to this channel that's most prepared to be able to deal with wherever the regulations come out.  But I think it's important to note that fundamentally we support what the regulator here is trying to accomplish. They want to make sure that consumers get the value they're paying for when they buy an investment product. And I think that's good for everybody in the space. So punch line, no material issues. And we continue to work very closely with the GA team to continue the momentum there.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah, thanks for the question, Stephen. There's no doubt the baseline for the capital markets business has gone up materially over the last few years. I think AUM is one metric you could look to. You could also look to deployment. And frankly, you could also to some extent look to monetization, as the capital markets business often participates in particularly our public market exits. So I'd probably look at those few things. As Rob said in the prepared remarks, we're seeing activity pick up in the fourth quarter across those areas. So we'd expect that to flow through to the capital markets business as well.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I would add Patrick, because I wouldn't get too focused on any shorter period of time, since the deal was announced in 2020 GA's assets have gone from $72 billion to now pro forma for MetLife, $158 billion. So we've meaningfully exceeded all of our expectations in terms of net growth and we expect to see very consistent trends going forward.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I would add, Brian is, we started our health care growth strategy a handful of years ago. That has exceeded our expectations to date. There's really two areas where we've been focused on leading from the standpoint of just newer business creation more recently. One is climate, which the guys mentioned, and the other is this life sciences space where we think there could be a meaningful opportunity for us over time. Katalio and that partnership is just part of that effort.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. Let me pick up, Mike and I appreciate you asking the question about '26. Inside the firm, it just feels really optimistic, candidly. We've got a lot of different ways to grow. As Rob and Craig mentioned, we've been raising a lot of capital, but our flagship fundraises have not been in those numbers and those are coming. We have a lot of younger and scaling strategies, and I'm not sure it's fully appreciated just how young the firm is. But if you look at the last 12 months, nearly 80% of the money we've raised has been from strategies less than five years old. If you look at the next 12 to 18 months, there's roughly 30 different strategies we will be in the market with, 22 of those are Fund 1, 2 or 3 or equivalent. So we're quite young, and we've been able to scale through the cycle. And as we gain more traction and find our way at that inflection part of the curve, we see a lot of upside as these businesses start to get closer to top three in everything we're doing. Private Wealth is newer for us. So we have a lot of upside ahead of us. GA, we talked about. Asia has significant growth opportunities as well. So the reason you're hearing the optimism is probably 5 to 10 years ago, we were talking about all these businesses that we started that would take 10 plus years to get to scale. And a lot of that is just starting to happen in this period of time, which is why despite the operating environment, we're still quite optimistic.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. Mike, and you asked if there's any gaps. There's nothing that I would point to in terms of a gap. We've got a big organic build opportunity here.
Scott Nuttall: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. Look we started our real estate platform, probably 10 to 12 years ago, somewhere in there, call it, 2011, '12, Chris. And we've been building that business over a period of time where obviously, rates were dropping. We are seeing a significant move in cap rates in one direction. I think our team has been incredibly thoughtful about how they built the business. It's been very thematically focused, perhaps our most thematic investing business across the firm. As a result, very careful about where they were deploying capital as a result. We don't really have much U.S. office exposure. That's just one example. But we've been building across opportunistic equity, to your point about the fund table, core plus real estate, and we have a very large real estate credit business. So in terms of kind of where we stand, we're continuing to raise capital. I think the real estate credit opportunity is showing up, to Craig's point, before the opportunity gets really interesting. But we think that will be even more interesting with time. And so we are continuing to raise capital, deploying selectively all around the world and getting ready for things to get even more attractive as we head into the next several quarters. And one of the ways we've been able to grow this business is through Global Atlantic, which we expect to continue to be the case. So we're really optimistic about what this business can be. And I think you're right. It's periods of time like this where you can grow significantly especially if we continue to see valuations under pressure.
