Craig Larson: Thank you, Operator. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. As usual, I'm joined this morning by Scott Nuttall, our Co-President and Co-COO; and by Rob Lewin, our CFO.  We'd like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our press release, which is available on the Investor Center section at kkr.com. The call will contain forward-looking statements, which do not guarantee future events or performance, so please refer to our SEC filings for cautionary factors related to these statements. And like previous quarters, we've also posted a supplementary presentation on our website that we'll be referring to over the course of the call.  Before we get into the results, we want to start by recognizing the extremely challenging times that we're all experiencing, and we hope that everyone on the call are safe and healthy. And our thoughts, of course, are with those most affected by COVID-19, particularly those on the front line. As a firm, our priority during the pandemic has been the health and safety of our employees, while at the same time, continuing to provide best-in-class investment services.  Like many of you, we've largely been working remotely over the last several weeks. Thanks to the tremendous efforts of our technology and operations teams. It's felt like connectivity across the firm has actually increased. And similarly, the dialogue we've been having across our LP base has also increased as we've looked, if anything, to overcommunicate given volatility. And in terms of helping those in need during the pandemic, we established KKR's global relief fund, and we're also incredibly proud of all that our portfolio companies are doing in support of COVID-19.  Now turning to our results. We're going to begin on Page 2 of our supplement. AUM for the quarter came in at $207 billion compared to $218 billion as of 12/31 and $200 billion 1 year ago. New capital raised in Q1 totaled $7 billion, driven by fundraising in our real estate and Asia infrastructure strategies as well as within private equity. And driven by asset growth, management fees for the quarter as well as the trailing 12 months are up 14%.  We reported after tax distributable earnings of $355 million for the first quarter, or $0.42 on a per adjusted share basis. And looking on a trailing LTM basis, we generated after tax DE of approximately $1.4 billion. Book value per share, which is mark-to-market every quarter, came in at $16.52. As Rob will talk about in a few minutes, investment performance over the past 12 months has been nicely ahead of both equity and fixed income indices. So our book value is down only modestly over the trailing 12 months.  And finally, touching on a topic we introduced last quarter, inclusion in Russell's benchmark indices continues to be a priority for us. We've been meaningfully engaged with FTSE Russell over the last couple of months and any decision on something like index inclusion is obviously FTSE Russells' and not ours, we believe we meet Russell's requirements.  And with that, I'm pleased to turn things over to Rob.
Craig Larson: And operator, if we could just ask everyone to please limit themselves actually to 1 question, that would just be really helpful as we look to work our way through the queue. And if you have a follow-up, feel free, of course, to then get back in and we can circle back around. We appreciate it.
Craig Larson: And Brian, it's Craig. Just one tangential point as it relates to capital markets in this value-add and certainly a strategic value is greater in periods like this. Sometimes people ask that question in the framework of our own portfolio companies. So one thing that I think it is helpful just to understand is how active the capital markets team has been to position us and allow us to be in a position of strength entering this volatility.  So when we look across the private equity portfolio in whole, we really have very few near-term maturities. So when we look at the maturities of our portfolio companies and what we see in 2020 and 2021, that represents only about 4% of the quantum of that long-term debt that we have. So I think we've -- given the strength of capital markets, it does help us allow us to be front footed when there is periods of volatility, I think it's also been very helpful in positioning us well as we entered this period.
Craig Larson: Chris, it's Craig. So I think we've seen a nice increase as it relates to not only index buying in that index ownership, but also as it relates to mutual funds who do look at those benchmark indices as they make their investment decisions. And it's really been our experience there that has really influenced our decision as it relates to Russell. So in terms of the -- when we look at ETFs in that passive amount, that's been in the mid-60s, between 60 million and 70 million shares that have been owned by those index providers. And as it relates to Russell, first, there are those ETFs and strategies that are directly linked to those indices like the Russell 1000 and 3000 and I think that math is pretty straightforward. A lot of you have done that math. Again, I think it would suggest to teens, million in the teens as it relates to those more formulaic strategies.  And really the second piece that has really most interested us are those mutual funds that are benchmarked against those industries -- indices and our ability to market ourselves through to those institutions and increase our mind share. And as we looked at it, we think that second piece should even be more powerful than the first. And so recognizing that we've spent a fair amount of time, as you'd expect, looking at Russell, they publish a pretty detailed construction and methodology document. And within that, they review a whole series of considerations for public equity, domicile, market cap, float structure, a whole series of items. So of course, we've reviewed that document pretty closely and alongside of that, as we mentioned earlier, have meaningfully engaged directly with FTSE Russell over the last couple of months. So as we stated earlier, while any decision on index inclusion is obviously their decision and not ours, we believe we meet Russell's requirement.
Craig Larson: Thank you, operator, for your help. And thank you, everybody, for joining our call. We look forward to giving you an update next quarter. And for any follow-up items, of course, please feel free to reach out to [indiscernible] or me directly. Thank you once again.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. Thanks for the question, Alex. A couple of things. One, I'd just overall say we remain very optimistic on the go-forward when it comes to fundraising. So in terms of your question about composition, no material change to the composition in terms of where we see ourselves accessing capital. Maybe just a little bit of color for you. There's just been a lot of dialogue and engagement with our clients, easily 2 to 3x the usual. And it's everything from comparing notes on the environment, explaining what we're seeing through our portfolio, especially in Asia, given our large Asia portfolio, where we started to see recovery ahead of the rest of the world. A lot of questions on that. We're talking to them about their portfolios. But basically, every conversation then pivots to offense and where to lean in.  I think we have a lot of clients around the world that invested into the recovery post GFC and are looking for ways to play offense. And we hit a couple of these in the prepared remarks, about 40 new LPs since year-end, $10 billion raised in the last 2 months. And in particular, we're seeing high net worth and retail lean in, in addition to institutional capital. So there's no change in expectation for our outcomes. The commentary around it may just take additional few quarters is our best guess. But as the markets continue to recover, we may shorten that over time, but it's highly path dependent, but no change in composition.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Bill. As you know, we're always looking for opportunities, and we continue to look in this environment may provide some strategic opportunities that we find interesting. We're going to have a really high bar just like we always do. In terms of areas where we may be looking, I would point you to some of the younger areas for us, whether it's real assets, which is a place that we've been building businesses around the world as one potential opportunity. We're also thinking about opportunities on the distribution front. But nothing specific that I would point you to right now, just an observation that when you get in periods like this, sometimes opportunities come our way that we find especially interesting.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Chris. First, on the $5 billion, no that does not include activity by our portfolio companies themselves in terms of buying their own debt at a discount. There was some of that activity but not extensive activity. So that $5 billion I mentioned was just for the firm's account specifically. In terms of the U.S. Foods investment, that was a convert. So it was a convert in a company we know well.
Scott Nuttall: Devin, thanks for the question. It's Scott. I would say, we're kind of seeing this rolling out in a few different waves, and there's probably 4 big themes as we kind of see how this unfolds from an investment opportunity standpoint. I'd say the first wave was investing in dislocated traded credit and equities, and that we were particularly busy on that front over the last couple of months. And the commentary we gave around the target lists that we had created were very helpful in that regard. So there were a number of companies that we were tracking both credit and equity, where, frankly, the prices were too high, but we had a target price. We've done the work, and we were able to buy on the back of that work when the dislocation first showed up. And some of those opportunities were very short lived, so we were able to move quickly by virtue of that. That was kind of wave one. We continue to see opportunities there. Spreads are still wide, and we continue to deploy capital into that opportunity set.  So the second wave we've seen is providing liquidity to companies that are in need. And those tend to take the form of either structured equity or credit, and we've got the firm working very well together across both PE credit, real estate infrastructure where appropriate, basically making sure that all hands are on deck. And when we have companies that we know and like, they are looking for liquidity, we can move quickly. And U.S. Foods is one example of that, but we have several other opportunities like that, that we're working on to the firm right now.  The third big theme would be around portfolio companies making acquisitions. We're starting to see opportunities of that type of merge now and are working with several of our portfolio companies that are looking to grow and be consolidators through this time. And there, again, probably a lot of those conversations have been going on for months or years, but there was a meeting of the minds on valuation opportunity in times like this is perhaps everybody becomes a little more economic around what can get done and the synergies are even more powerful relative to the base of earnings. And so we're busy there.  And then the fourth theme I would mention is around companies, both public and private that are looking to sell non-core subs. And they're doing that to delever or to buy back stock or in some cases, a little bit of both. And that wave is starting to show up. So what we've seen generally is it started in the traded markets and now has moved into more of the private markets. And so we're busy on all of those fronts as we sit here today. And that's part of the reason we're so enthusiastic about the deployment opportunity ahead of us and the return opportunity on the deployed capital.  And yes, to your question, some of those are in areas that we may have shied away from in the past because valuations were too high, and they started to come back our way.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Glenn. It's Scott. So I'd say, first, on the short term, it's been hugely helpful having such a broad platform in Asia and such a big portfolio in Asia. Because obviously, we were able to see several of those countries and markets be impacted by the crisis ahead of Europe and the U.S., and we've started to see those -- a lot of those markets now bottom and start to see some improvement. And so just to give you a little bit of color, when the crisis started, we moved to kind of a daily call with the top people in the firm from all around the world, including in Asia. And the Asia team is sharing its insights from what they're seeing with our portfolio and on the ground, very early. And so we've been able to kind of learn from that as we adjust our approach in Europe and the U.S. and on the back of those learnings.  And we are seeing slow improvement across a number of our portfolio companies. We started to see it in Asia. Most manufacturing facilities are kind of now operating at 70% to 100% of capacity. We're starting to see that also occur in parts of Europe. And we're actually in some markets, even in the U.S., starting to see a bit of bottoming.  Now to be clear, it's not of the -- it's more like an elevator down escalator up type set of charts that we're seeing across the portfolio. But we started to see that happen in Asia over the last few weeks, and now it's showing up in the rest of the world. So it's been very helpful to us as we've navigated all this.  In terms of the longer term, we feel great about our Asia franchise and the opportunity we have in front of us. As a reminder, we have 8 of our 22 offices there, two of those are in China, 6 outside. We see a big opportunity to grow our business. As you know from prior discussions, we started in Asia in private equity and have now really been bringing the rest of KKR's businesses to Asia across real estate infrastructure credit, just to name some examples, growth technology, we're also bringing to Asia. And so we continue to see a big opportunity to expand our platform in that part of the world. And regardless of what happens with the China dialogue, we still feel quite good about the opportunity ahead for the firm.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Brian. It's Scott. I'll take that. In terms of deployment opportunities being delayed, I'd say there's probably a bit of a pause that went on, especially during the first several weeks of the crisis as people were trying to process what was happening. But we've actually started to see our pipelines pick up around the world. Some of it was in the areas that I mentioned in terms of some of the providing capital to companies in need of liquidity, the rescue type opportunities. But we are also seeing some larger scale private markets opportunities begin to reemerge. As an example, our pipeline in Asia is very active right now. So I don't think it's going to have a big impact over the long-term. It's all path dependent, obviously, but we are starting to see pipelines pick up on the back of some improvement maybe in the visibility in terms of timing. So we'll keep you posted on that, but no big long-term change. Just a few things may get bumped into the back half that might have been in the first half.  In terms of KCM in the balance sheet, it's a great question. We really view our model is providing us with a real advantage in times like this. And some of the deals that we've been able to get done during periods of dislocation have been because we have been able to use the balance sheet and our capital markets business to access financing, both equity and debt when others couldn't. So we've had several situations over time, including recently, where we're not necessarily the highest bidder, but we were the only bidder that could actually access the capital and have financing certainty. And so we, as in prior periods like this are viewing KCM and the balance sheet is providing us with a real strategic tool to be able to do that again. And so good question and we are focused on making sure that we've got liquidity on the balance sheet and the capital markets team is really well connected with our deal teams to make sure that we can do that well in a time like this.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks, Michael. It's Scott. I'll take those. It's a great question. And it is a bit early, honestly, to be able to give you a definitive answer on it. I think you're right. There's going to be a little -- there's going to be some puts and takes, right? There's going to be questions for some of the institutional investors around the denominator effect and what happens with the rest of their portfolio and their allocations to alternatives. But frankly, we've started to see the public markets rebound. And so I think what were initial questions about that, now there's a little bit of uncertainty as to whether the denominator effect will be a big consideration or not. I think we're just going to have to give that a bit of time to see how that settles out. The last time that happened, what we saw was not a big reduction in allocation to alternatives, but actually an increase in the allocation alternatives so that institutional investors could actually keep investing in the asset class. So we'll see what happens here, but it's pretty path dependent.  I think on the flip side of that, you're entirely right. I think even the conversation in the last handful of weeks with CIOs around the world, there is a real recognition that a low rate environment went to a virtually no rate environment, and they need to keep looking for ways to generate returns. And so the dialogue around alternatives continues, which is why those conversations, I think, pivot pretty quickly from defense to offense. And so we take that as encouraging. We think investors around the world are going to continue to look to the private markets for returns as they're expecting less and less out of their traditional fixed income and public equities portfolios. We think that's great for us.  And we're also finding just as an incremental piece of color, that during this period of time, there continues to be a lot of interest from the insurance space, which tends to be quite liquid and conservative in its approach, so we've been quite active in our dialogue with insurance companies over this period of time. And from the high net worth and retail markets, we're seeing them lean into this from an offense standpoint as well. So there's lots of tos and fros in all of that. But overall, we think it bodes well for our business. There's going to be an even greater need for return. And if you think about the power of the illiquidity premium that the alternative space provides, the lower the overall normal market return is, the greater that illiquidity premium is as a percentage of the total return. And so there's even more interest in what we do, we think, coming out of this.  In terms of your question on the secondary market, it's a space that we continue to spend time on and have looked at from time to time, I think there will be opportunities for the secondary space to continue to grow and that's one of the areas that we look to periodically as we think about other opportunities for us strategically, but nothing to report today on that front.
Robert Lewin: Great. Thanks, Alex. So what we were trying to do with the $10 billion, we'll not guide it quarter-to-quarter in terms of where our fundraising is, but instead to give a good sense to the investor community that we're still raising capital despite the volatility in the markets. And the best example we could give is the $10 billion of closed commitments or commitments that we have in legal documentation that we expect to close, as opposed to trying to parse it, whether that's going to be Q1 or Q2 or Q3 fee paying AUM or AUM.
Robert Lewin: Bill, it's Rob. I'll handle both questions. On our CLOs, I'll just put it into context, we do about $17 million a quarter of management fees across our CLO complex. A little more than $10 million of the $17 million are subordinated management fees are more at risk. Across that $17 million, we see de minimis impact in Q2, where compliance today or at the end of 3/31 with all of our OC tests. Based on what we see today, with downgrades coming through our portfolio as well as where we are in the market, we could see some impact in Q3 and Q4. Right now, we don't think that, that's a material impact. But as that -- as things change over the course of the quarter, we'll make sure to update everybody on our Q2 call.  And then on the second part of that question, Bill was around clawbacks. Today, we've got roughly $90 million of clawback exposure through KKR. And that's a few small clawbacks in a number of different funds globally. It's not something that's an irregular part of our business. And what we shoot for is to have our accrued carry, certainly be north of any clawback liabilities in a material way, and that's really how we present our numbers. So the $1.26 billion of accrued carry that we have on our balance sheet is net of the $90 million of claw backed liabilities that we have spread across the firm in a bunch of different and smaller ways. But again, that's pretty normal course for us to have some form of clawback liability in our business. And as of now, it's relatively contained.
Robert Lewin: Great. Thanks, Craig. It's Rob. And maybe the best way to do this is to take our FRE in component parts. The first and most important are our management fees, as you know, which are roughly 75% of our total fees this quarter. Even with the potential impact of the CLO subordinate fees, it's a fairly minor part of our overall business. And as you said, our NAV based funds is also pretty minor. And so as we look at our management fee component, we think it's both stable and has significant growth in front of it. The best example of that is being up 14% year-over-year this quarter.  On top of that, we've also guided that we expect to grow our management fees by greater than 50% over the next 3 and change years. The other 25% of our fees today are made up of a combination of transaction and monitoring fees that I think, over time, are probably biased to go up based on the overall size of KKR and how it grows as well as our capital markets business, which we think is a long-term growth engine for us. And a normalized environment really should be able to take some additional share with the business model we set up and the people that we have.  And maybe the last component is the margin piece of it. What we've indicated in the past is that if we're able to achieve the management fee growth trajectory that we think we can do over the next few years, that we would expect to see some margin expansion flow through our business. And so while we haven't guided to a specific FRE number, we do think that when you break out all of the component parts that would suggest 2 things: one, a meaningful amount of stability; and two, some real upside from here.
Robert Lewin: Sure. Thanks, Patrick. It's Rob, and I'll take that question. So we're not going to disclose how we break companies out into different buckets. But what we could tell you and it's what Scott mentioned on the call, and I'll expand on a little bit more, is we feel really good about our relative portfolio of construction, and it's going to be a combination of our limited exposure in energy, retail, travel, hospitality and leisure through our portfolio. On the upside, I think we've become overweight over the last number of years in online and e-commerce businesses, which have held up quite well over the last couple of months. And then the last point around portfolio construction for us is we obviously have a fair bit of weighting towards Asia as a firm. North of 30% of our private equity portfolio today is exposed to Asia or directly exposed to the Asian market, which has held up on a relative basis, better than the U.S. and Europe. And so overall, we feel good about our portfolio. Scott mentioned on the call, we certainly have our companies that are going to need some additional support through this period of time. But we think the overall construction of our portfolio and the health of our companies is part of the reason why you would have seen our investment performance hold up pretty good in our private equity businesses over the last quarter, and especially, if you look over the last 12 months.
Robert Lewin: Glenn, one additional point, I'll just -- it's worth mentioning when we're talking about our Asia franchise, that's relevant. We've talked a lot about Japan carve-outs over the last number of quarters and how that's been a real strategy for us there. We actually had our first exit of 1 of our carve-outs that we announced in March, the sale of alpha beta, and that closed in April, around 3x multiple of money for us, and you'll see that flow through our Q2 financials. But that was a nice win for that strategy for us in Japan.
Robert Lewin: Sure. I'll cover both of those. Listen, there's a lot about the environment that's difficult to predict right now and carry -- realized carried interest, that would certainly be at the top of that list, I think, for all of us. But as you said, there's some encouraging statistics we have that 60% of our total carry eligible AUM. Today would be in carry paying mode on a liquidation value basis. And our accrued carry still stands at north of $1 billion. I think the most critical thing and what we try and do every quarter is to give you visibility in terms of what we actually do know on our carried interest and our realized balance sheet earnings, which is the $400 million plus million number that I mentioned in the prepared remarks.  As it relates to our interest and dividends, those have been elevated over much of the last three quarters for largely the same reason. We have a margin loan against our Pfizer shares and we've used that margin loan -- fairly low LTV margin loan to take a dividend in Q3, Q4 and Q1. And so that represented about 2/3 of our interest and dividends this quarter. And I think the other 1/3 of that is relatively stable, albeit with interest rates now near 0, we'll probably take a little bit of a hit on our cash balance on our interest line item. But the overall line should be reasonably stable going forward.
Robert Lewin: So, it's Rob, and I'll take that question. Q1 was an interesting quarter for us, $60 million of revenue, sort of in line with the $50 million to $70 million of baseline revenue that we had suggested in our last call. About half of our business in Q1 was from third-party business. It's pretty meaningful, especially in a quarter where KKR didn't have a lot of deployment across our organization. Listen, we continue to feel that in capital markets environments that are stable, that we should be able in ordinary course to generate $50 million to $70 million a quarter and then have the upside potential from some large transactions that have been a regular occurrence as part of that business, which is exactly why we've averaged in that business over the last few years.  As it relates to the near term, I'm not sure we're yet in normalized capital market type environment. And so for Q2, we might be on the lower end of that $50 million to $70 million range, it's certainly too early to say, and there's a lot of the quarter left to go. But we do think that business in market opportunities when capital is scarce is where that business can really shine around some of the larger transactions that continue to come through our pipeline.
