Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob. And thank you, everyone, for not only joining the call today, but also for joining our call on the Global Atlantic acquisition in July. Before I start, let me first say that I hope you and your families are all safe and healthy, and that you're all doing well during these continuing strange times.  To pick up where Rob left off, perhaps the best example of us playing offense year-to-date is our recently announced acquisition of GA. This transaction is highly strategic for KKR. As a reminder, concurrent with the closing of the acquisition and pending regulatory approvals, we expect to become GA's investment manager. If you look at Slide 8 of the deck, you can see what this will do for some of our important metrics pro forma.  Taking a look at the top of the slide you could see AUM impact. As a result of the deal, our AUM increases over $70 billion, or 33%. And all of these assets will immediately hit our fee-paying AUM, resulting in a 45% increase in asset from $160 billion to approximately $233 billion. And the assets we manage on behalf of insurance companies will increase by more than 3.5x to over $100 billion. On the bottom half of the page, you'll see the transaction increases our perpetual capital by 4.9x, from $19 billion to $91 billion. And pro forma for the transaction, we will have 40% of our AUM either perpetual or with a multi-decade recycling provisions. And 84% of our capital overall will have a contractual life of over 8 years at inception. So the transaction will provide more scale and do it in a permanent way, meaningfully advancing several important strategic initiatives for us simultaneously.  But it's not just about the numbers and the immediate impact. This transaction brings us a fantastic management team as a partner that we believe is well positioned to grow GA materially from here. And the transaction provides us access to important underlying trends we have been looking to gain more exposure to and provide us an ability to grow faster overall as a firm.  Please turn to Slide 9. One of the critical strategic areas of focus for us has been what's happening in retirement and wealth trends globally. The retirement end market continues to grow with an aging population creating demographic tailwinds. And importantly, more retirement wealth is being managed by the individuals themselves. We have been looking to gain more access to these trends. Hence, our discussions with you over the last few years about our focus on areas like insurance, high net worth and retail.  GA sells annuities and life insurance largely to individuals in their 50s and 60s managing their own retirement wealth or managing it with the help of a bank, wealth adviser or broker-dealer. So GA gets us in the way of trends we have been looking for across both insurance and retail. And GA is well positioned to grow from here, both organically and inorganically. And as GA grows, KKR grows. So the transaction will have a large immediate impact on us, but we think the growth from here over time will be even more powerful.  Page 10 shows the financial impact of GA. Notably, we expect annual net management fees to increase by at least $200 million over the next couple of years as we ramp up our work together. And our current expectation is that this transaction will add north of $500 million of run rate annual after-tax distributable earnings by the end of our first year of ownership. That reflects incremental management fees as well as our share of GA's operating earnings. And overall, the transaction will be accretive to all our key financial metrics and increases their quality, stability and visibility.  Taking a step back, I want to take a minute to reflect on the year thus far. We have felt for some time that our business model provides us with a lot of ways to win and is more resilient than people understand. We also felt that it would take some volatility to really prove this out. Well, volatility has been the theme for some time now, and through it all, our model has proven to be quite resilient.  If you step back and think about it, year-to-date, we've grown our revenues and TDE, increased our margins, scaled our businesses organically, raising record amounts of capital, invested or committed over $30 billion and announced an important strategic acquisition using our balance sheet as a strategic weapon, giving us yet another way to win. And the last 7 months give us even more confidence in our ability to further increase our margins in the near term.  Putting it all together, we have increased the scale and earnings power of our firm and the stability and visibility of those earnings during this period, and we see more growth and opportunity ahead.  And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Scott Nuttall: Great. Thanks for the question, Alex. It's Scott. I'll take that. Look, I think we have learned a lot during this period of time. As I think we mentioned a bit last quarter, we've really picked up our dialogue with our investors and prospects during this period. So a lot of discussions, a lot of outreach. Easily 2x or 3x what would be typical in the pre-COVID environment. And a lot of that's been comparing notes on what we're seeing, talking about what we're doing in terms of playing offense, a little bit on what we're doing to play defense.  And so I think one of the big lessons for us is that communication and that transparency has really, we think, been beneficial to enhancing those relationships. And we're seeing it come through in the numbers. And Rob took you through some of the fundraising stats. But it's really coming through, it's institutions, it's high net worth, it's retail, it's insurance, it's really broad-based. And so I think, overall, a big lesson for us is keep going with communication and transparency.  And the other thing I think we're finding in this period of time is that brand is powerful and having a global presence is very meaningful. And so we've also found that having incumbency and brand, you can have an advantage during a period of time like this. So those are a couple of things we've taken away.  And I think in terms of what it means for the growth, Rob had mentioned that we had shared a couple of quarters ago that we felt good that we could grow our management fees 50-plus-percent organically over the next 3-plus years. That's before the Global Atlantic acquisition. And I'd say -- well, it's hard to be precise. I'd say this period of time gives us even more confidence in that path.
Scott Nuttall: Glenn, it's Scott. Thanks for the question. You're right. We have been hiring into that team and continuing to build up that effort. We're by no means done. I think there's more to do on the hiring front. We have been continuing to gain traction in the retail space, in the high net worth. We've got a direct team. We have a platforms team. We have a number of partnerships that we've developed around the world. I think there's a lot more for us to do. So call it maybe second inning, bottom of the second, if you will. So we've got a long way to go and a lot of opportunity, we think, ahead.  In terms of the products, it's pretty broad-based. So we've seen it across -- the retail channel be very effective in terms of raising capital for us across credit, certainly. But also across private equity, growth equity, infrastructure, it's been very broad based in terms of the different products that we found that the retail channel is receptive to. Particular interest as of late in anything with yield. And one of the themes we're focused on is real assets with yields. So I think you'll see even more in areas like that. So that would be real estate, infrastructure in particular. So a lot of different ways to grow there, we think.
Scott Nuttall: Rob, thanks for the question. I hope you're doing well, too. Yes. I think last quarter, I would say, we -- you're right, we did share that 3-year kind of perspective in terms of our ability to grow our management fee line again by 50%. We mentioned last quarter that, at best we could tell at that moment, we might push that out a few quarters. We were more in the teeth of COVID at the time.  But I do think we do feel a bit more optimistic today. To be candid, it's hard to be entirely precise, given the dynamism of the environment. But I do feel like we're a bit more optimistic today with a quarter like the one we just had behind us and the deployment that we've seen across a number of our different strategies globally. So some of the fundraises that we expected might be kind of 24 to 36 months from now, some of those are looking like they could be more like 12 to 24 months from now. And so we're seeing some of those pulled in a bit.  So we're not going to get precise in terms of which quarter precisely. But you're right. I think we're a bit more optimistic today. And I'd say, overall, our confidence in being able to grow 50-plus-percent is higher, and to be -- than it was last quarter within that time frame just by virtue of what we're seeing.  I'd also say that, as a reminder, all of that is before the Global Atlantic acquisition. So if you think about what we've said today, we're expecting $200 million-plus of run rate management fees a year, a couple of years out, that's on top of that 50% growth, which would obviously bring us to something more like 60% or 70% growth if you combine the two.
Scott Nuttall: And then, Mike, I'll pick up on the second part of the question. In terms of the portfolio, I think the first thing to understand is portfolio construction really matters especially at a time like this. And so our portfolio has been performing pretty well. And I think it's due to a few different things. One is we have just been underweight the hardest hit parts of the global economy. So direct energy is about 2% of our AUM; hotels and leisure, 2%; retail, about 3%. So if you aggregate all 3 of those, you get to about 7% of our AUM. So we've just been underweight those sectors.  On the flip side, we have our largest exposure in technology. And so 25% of our portfolio overall, give or take, is in TMT. And so our investments in data and e-commerce are doing particularly well, as an example. And then on top of that, we have a heavier weighting toward Asia, about 30% of our private equity portfolio, and Asia is kind of further along in the recovery.  So when you put all that together, we've actually been quite encouraged by the data we're seeing. We've seen a snapback in numbers since the last time we talked. Asia is coming back. Europe is coming back. And a number of different sectors in the U.S., we've seen the numbers bounce as well. But I think, overall, a lot of that's driven by how we've constructed the portfolios.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Devin. Look, I think you've hit on a couple of important things. You're right. As a reminder for everybody, Global Atlantic has particular strength in their distribution through banks and broker-dealers, over 200 relationships of that type. And today, they're kind of distributing annuities and life insurance through those types of relationships. We do think there is a potential opportunity for us to work together with the GA team to distribute KKR products through that channel.  To be clear, that's an upside lever. It's not embedded in any of the numbers that we've shared with you today or in last month's call. But it is something that we've talked about from time to time as an opportunity for us to pursue together, either in just outright KKR product form, or to your point, creating new products together with Global Atlantic that kind of marries their capabilities in terms of risk-taking and investment management, frankly, because they have a very talented team on the investment side in their own right, with our capabilities around investment management as well.  So we have talked about creating new products together for those channels and using their distribution to distribute them. So again, neither of those opportunities, whether it's KKR product or new products we can create together, are in any of these numbers. But it is something that we thought about as an upside lever over time.
Scott Nuttall: Great. Thanks for the question, Gerry. So you're right. And just to clarify, so the bottom-right of Page 8 of the supplemental deck, what we're saying there is, kind of the perpetual capital technically is 31% of our AUM pro forma. And then the way you get from the 31% to the 40% that you referenced is we're also including our strategic investor partnerships. And those are the relationships that we have with big institutions around the world, where we are recycling capital plus a percentage of profits for an extended period of time. And so most of those have a total life of somewhere between 20 and 30 years. So that -- it's the sum of the 2 that gets you to the 40%, and it's 31% and 9%.  And so to your question, to be clear, we think there's opportunities to continue to grow both. Just as a reminder, GA in its own right, without KKR as a partner, had about $17 billion of total assets in May of 2013; and is now, in terms of total GAAP assets, over $90 billion. So they've been able to grow organically themselves and inorganically without a partner like KKR. So we think that's going to be Part 1 of how we continue to grow our perpetual capital. It's just working with a great team at GA and figuring out how to continue and hopefully enhance that growth trajectory organically.  There are also going to be inorganic opportunities, we think, working with Global Atlantic, whether it be blocks, things we could do together in terms of just the flow they're seeing, which is significant right now; or additional acquisitions that we can make together that would expand the $72 billion or so of invested assets we would pick up upon closing. So there's the organic and the inorganic through GA, would be kind of the first part of the answer to your question.  And then the second part would be the strategic investor partnerships that we haven't talked about in a while, but we continue to find that we're getting good traction. And think of these as really, as I mentioned, multi-decade, but they're quite customized. They tend to be large scale, in the multiple billions of dollars each, and they compound by virtue of their terms. So we think there's opportunities to grow all of what I just talked about, on top of maybe thinking about other things that we can do organically for KKR in this space and inorganically. We have our BDC platform, we have our REIT platform, we have a number of different vehicles that we've been building away from GA and strategic partnerships that we can continue to scale. And we're looking to create new ones.  And so all a long way of saying that we expect that $91 billion of perpetual capital to continue to grow, and that 40% figure, we think, can continue to grow over time as well.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Brian. I'll take a stab and maybe Rob can jump in with anything I missed. But in the first instance, you're right. We do have -- just to be clear, we have a pan-Asian approach. So just as a reminder, 8 of our offices at KKR are actually in Asia. So we have a presence throughout the region, and we have a very local model. So we have country teams, we do local sourcing. And we have those teams working initially across PE, but now as Rob mentioned, we've been expanding and bringing really the rest of KKR to Asia.  So when you look at that Slide 6 in the deck, what you see is you've got the growth of Asia private equity, but also these other bars starting to show up: Infrastructure, real estate, we're also working on private credit in Asia and growth tech in Asia as well. So we're bringing, if you will, the rest of the KKR product suite to that part of the world and leveraging this footprint that we've already built, and we're adding specific talent in each market as well to be able to execute on all this.  And I think what Rob's getting at is that we're just starting to see the benefits of that growth trajectory. And you can see how powerful it is on Slide 6, just with respect to what we've seen over the course of the last 12 months or so. And this is -- a lot of this is Asian infrastructure getting raised, Asia real estate starting to get raised. And you can see how powerful that is, just that, plus the next Asia Fund adds $100 million in management fees.  And so our focus is quite broad. It's North Asia, South Asia, developed Asia and emerging Asia. And we've been active in all markets and increasingly across real assets, private equity, growth equity, and now in credit as well. And so if retail, we're in the second inning, I'd say the expansion of Asia is probably a bit -- even earlier than that, and we see a lot of opportunity ahead.  We're not going to give you a forecast in terms of what that means for management fees. But suffice it to say, we've just added, we think, $100 million run rate with just what we've started to do, and this is just the beginning. So we do see a significant amount of growth opportunity ahead from here. And the investing that we're doing in Asia is consistent with a bunch of the investment themes that we've been focused on around the world. And so when you think about a lot of what we've done has been in some of the themes around digitization, telecom, cloud, there's a lot of what we're doing across the region in that whole tech space, in addition to a number of other areas around health care, wellness and a variety of other investment themes that we're excited about.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Chris. Look, I'd say we've seen the same as well. I think it's a little bit hard to separate, especially over the course of the last handful of months, how much of what we see in terms of decline in sales is low rates versus just a little bit of a dynamic of the pandemic. And perhaps it's been harder for some advisers to get to their clients or perhaps it hasn't been top of mind for some of the clients to focus on how they're managing their wealth as they get through this period. But time will tell.  But our view is that, if anything, this low rate environment is going to drive demand for savings products that have tax deferral. And really, that's what an annuity product is. And we believe by working with the Global Atlantic team and leveraging their distribution and our ability to invest well together, we can create a very competitive product in terms of what they've already done, but also then hopefully create some new products, as we talked about, that can really satisfy the appetite that people are going to have for yield and tax deferral in this environment.  So we don't -- we're not of the view that the last few months is a long-term trend. Our view is that it's a bit of a moment in time. And we believe that we'll continue to see organic growth by virtue of that need for yield. And I'd say on top of that, the inorganic opportunity is probably even more exciting by virtue of the fact that we're seeing a number of life companies and annuity companies that are looking to sell blocks of business and use proceeds to do things like share buybacks. And so we are particularly active with the GA team looking at their pipeline of new opportunities. But GA hasn't put out its numbers yet, so that's probably as much as we should say on the topic. But that's a little bit of background for you.
Scott Nuttall: Michael, it's Scott. Thanks for the question. It's a really good one. We do have, as you know, a number of businesses that we've been kind of scaling over the course of the last decade. I think it's something like 18 of our 24 investing strategies are less than 10 years old. And I would say, if you'd asked that question 5 to 7 years ago, my answer would have been quite different than it is today. Because 5 to 7 years ago, we had a number of businesses that -- frankly, a majority of our businesses, that were kind of in that Fund I, Fund II, just starting to earn their way to run rate margins kind of level. But now as we sit here today, we have a majority of our activity actually getting into that inflection part of the curve, where we're starting to see real scale.  We talked a little bit about on Page 6 what that means is for an Asia IV PE Fund as an example. But if you think about what's going on across infrastructure with us, we're getting into -- closer to our third round of funds for some of our real estate strategies. So that -- those 2 areas, kind of that whole real assets area of the firm, I think we're going to really begin to see significant upside and opportunity in terms of scaling. And we'll share slides like Slide 6 with you over time as we continue to see that. But those would be a couple of areas that I would point to.  I do think we also have a variety of other areas, like our growth strategies which we don't talk about a lot. But health care growth, tech growth, and now Asia tech growth, as I mentioned. We're continuing to expand in the growth area and we're starting to get into Fund II and Fund III.  So the weight of the overall activity is now getting to that kind of Fund III, IV, V; whereas before, it was I, II, III. And so it's really -- that's a lot of what's behind our statement, both Rob's and mine, that we see opportunities for more margin expansion. And that's away from GA. It's because we're seeing the scaling of all these different types of strategies that we've started.  And we are creating new ones, like Impact. But relative to the quantum of capital that is getting to that scale/level, it's a relatively small percentage, whereas 5 years ago plus, it would have been a much bigger percentage. And it's really that shifting of the weight of the activity that gives us even more confidence in our ability to increase our margins.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The best example, Michael, is probably core, which is a strategy where we manage $10-plus billion now. And it's really just leveraging deal flow and work that was already inside the firm. We literally did not hire a single person to raise that $10 billion. It was just monetizing what's already here.
Robert Lewin: Great. Bill, it's Rob. Thanks a lot for the question. So let's start with GA. I think that's the easiest piece, and then we can build up. We expect the revenue that's associated with the transaction to flow through at a very high level. So let's take that in 2 buckets. The first is GA's distributable earnings. They're going to flow into KKR's distributable earnings. And just for clarity, we're not expecting any additional comp growth on those earnings.  And then while our expectation as GA's asset manager is that we'll need to add some additional resources, we do have most of our teams well built out, and so the incremental management fees and carry over time, we think, should flow through to our P&L at a very high level.  And then Scott mentioned earlier some of our more organic scaling that we think we have across the firm, and we think we should be able to drive real margin expansion there as well.  And so while we don't have any specific guidance on this call, I think there's a lot of things that point to a positive direction in terms of our margins over the next couple of years.
Robert Lewin: Great. Thanks a lot, Mike, for the question. And that's a good one. As it relates to our Q3 revenue, we do have some forward-looking guidance there. We expect $250 million of carrying balance sheet gains that are from deals that are already closed or have been signed up and that we expect to close. And so we're only a month into the quarter and we've got a couple of months to go, so hopefully, we can take that $250 million number up a bit. But that's what we have locked in today from those 2 buckets for the remainder of Q3.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Patrick, it's Rob. It's a good question. The short answer is we do. And when we look at the first half of 2020, we've actually been quite pleased with the performance of our Capital Markets business, generating $130 million of revenue in what was a pretty challenging overall market, especially the leveraged finance markets, where we spend a lot of our time. But as we look at the second half of the year, our pipeline is a lot healthier. And our expectation is that we'll certainly improve on that first half number in the second half.
Robert Lewin: I think that's a really good summary, Scott. The only thing that I'd add on is we have a lot of tailwinds at our back in that part of the world. Clearly, if you're going to look out over the next decade-plus in terms of global growth, you bet on that part of the world continuing to grow at a higher level than when -- more western markets. We think alternatives as a percentage of the pie are going to continue to clearly grow in Asia really through all markets in Asia Pacific.  And then most importantly, we've got a best-in-class brand in the region and I think really unique access to bring on great local talent. And that's what we've been able to do, especially as we've built up private equity over the years and started to really scale our efforts in some non-private equity strategies, we've been able to bring in what we think is the best talent in the region to be able to do that.
Robert Lewin: Yes. Michael, it's Rob. Just to briefly add on. As we do our analysis, we go business by business. Even at that very micro level, there really isn't a lot in our business today where we're looking at things that need to scale in order to turn to profitability. And even some of our newer products that we are launching, that are on Fund Is, they are really leveraging a lot of the existing team and infrastructure that we have at KKR today. And so they're adding, effectively, additional scale and revenue to a cost base that's largely built out. So there's -- as Scott said, there's really not a lot there where we need to wait for that scaling to achieve profitability.
Robert Lewin: Chris, it's Rob. I'll take that. And so it's a really good question. And the chart you're looking at in our press release, our capital deployed or our investment vehicle summary -- on Page 13, I'm sorry. That's based on deployed capital and not on committed capital. And so what you don't see flowing through there is deals where that capital is already spoken for and committed. And so we'll have a normal type reserve for our Asia III fund. But over the coming quarters, you'll see that deployed number for Asia III naturally kick out based on the transactions that have already been committed to. And you're right, Asia IV turned on in July. And so you'll see that flip from AUM into fee-paying AUM in our Q3 numbers.  And then as it relates to our Americas XII fund, you're right. The capital deployed in that fund has been strong. And I'm sure we'll have more news around potential raises for that strategy over the coming quarters.
