Michael Robert McFerran: That’s a great question, Charles. The one strategy that you haven't seen any revenue contribution yet – deploying capital, two is commercial real estate, so I expect in the coming quarters and especially as we enter 2014, that to also start making a more modest reasonable revenue contribution. The credit strategies while we have the legacy CLO amortizing, as we mentioned at the end of then of the last year we had closed CLO 2012-1 and at the end of the second quarter we closed CLO 2013-1. So you are going to beginning to see some credit to actual revenue offset the amortization the old CLOs. And with respect to natural resources while we’re continuing to see that growth it's also going to be a function of revenue deployment and timing of cash flows. All in all, I think in the future if I were to fast-forward a few quarters based on how we’ve committed and deployed revenues to date, we continue to see some diversification, but again I think we will be starting to level off with the CLOs wrapping up.
Michael Robert McFerran: We’ve been pretty active over the last two quarters on that strategy. I think the pipeline remains robust, we’re continuing to look in new opportunities as you can appreciate the lead time from first looking at opportunity to actually making the investment decision to funding it can sometimes be longer compared to our credit decision to buy or a traded asset where its almost immediate, but I think the pipeline remains robust, we expect the capital allocated in that strategy to continue to grow.
Michael Robert McFerran: The second aspect is what Mike mentioned in his prepared remarks, which is when you look at the portion of our run rate, we’re kind of operating what we earn on Saturday and Sundays cash that we are sending out as a result the $26 million shares, we issued to take out the converts, it’s gone up and in addition, we’re spreading taxable income now around 15% more shares, so taxable income per share would decline by 15% on an apples-to-apples basis.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors, Inc.: I know.
Michael Robert McFerran: I think you have from our view Lee, that will be our objective and we expect to have the super majority of this capital that actually out the door.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors, Inc.: That’s why I get back to dividend. If you think you’re going to increment your earnings by $0.25 a share, I think you should have signaled that through the dividend policy, but let’s not be the dead horse.
Michael Robert McFerran: Sure. Great question, John. Yeah it’s not only the variability of cash flows but there are a couple of variables. The two actually the three key ones are, first, the pace of prepayments where the CLOs are amortizing, we experienced a pretty accelerated wave of prepayments beginning really in the middle of the first quarter through the beginning of the second quarter. And as Bill had mentioned you saw loans actually trade off in June, which was timed nicely around our new CLO to corresponding to back up and prices, vessel prepayment activity dropped significantly. The second variable is rates as we’re net LIBOR primarily through the CLOs positions, if you would start seeing LIBOR materially pickup but actually have a material impact on the cash flow and income generated from these. Third, I think material we talked about over two and a quarter percent. The third variable is, focusing around our largest CLO, where we have the most capital and we continue reinvestment to May 14, and we’ve begun the process now of two new CLOs of adding to that. So, I think look, you’re going to see, continue to see some tapering of income from the legacy CLOs but as we deploy more capital in new fields, we should start seeing offset.
Michael Robert McFerran: As Bill mentioned, we had, when we made the decision of price that deal. We were expecting something in that, what we usually expect in the CLO market around 13%, 14%. We’ve benefited from being able to deploy into over the down market. So, we can be about 200 basis points that so we’re feeling like (inaudible) we look out for 15%.
Michael Robert McFerran: I mean as mark-to-market risk from P&L and so much as we carry some assets as fair value, there is no real business risk from assets that’s just GAAP earnings, none of the GAAP earnings are important, but it’s not going to impact cash flows, we have no debt tied to our assets. So we could go through for example, the fourth quarter of 2008 to repeat itself, We won’t have to post a dollar of collateral
Michael Robert McFerran: No the miscount, the leverage was somewhere to 12.1 as about 10 times.Daniel Furtado – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay.
Michael Robert McFerran: With 10 times total leverage it was only 88%, as of July 19, it was 88% ramp. So, if you’re looking at the assets or supply base that maybe where you’re off.Daniel Furtado – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Got you. Okay.
Michael Robert McFerran: Yeah, look I mean those pre-crisis deals are generating upwards to that 18%, 19% return without taking into account the leverage we deployed capital against them. So those deals as we think can’t be replicated and so much as we benefited from pre-crisis, liability pricing being able to redeploy assets during the crisis and I’ll say being able to benefit from that activity. So I guess – certainly there is a possible we create. The way I think about the balance sheet and how you’ll think about the income going forward is the balance sheet today has been more of a barbell. We’ve done a lot of capital, both in cash and other assets that we deployed capital too but haven’t restarted our generating income yet. At the other end of the barbell, you had those legacy CLOs. As those legacy CLOs are clicking that 18%, 19% return start running off, you should start seeing income increase on the other end of the barbell, so they’ve all started reverting to the mean somewhere in the middle of that plus value level.
Michael Robert McFerran: May not as 1994, but we expect once they go, they start going that’s the historical presence and so to sell upside participation above 2% – 2.25% protect between 1% and 2% of LIBOR seeing that for a long period of time, it’s a pretty expensive insurance policy.Daniel Furtado – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: No, I get it. Okay. Well thanks for the time, everybody.
Michael Robert McFerran: We’re not prepared to go into details yet on it yet but we plan on informing shareholders in due course once something is finalized.Jason Stewart – Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Thank you.
William C. Sonneborn: And one aspect just to add to that is as a result of kind of some of the original real estate investments now kind of starting to hit maturity in terms of having them in the portfolio, we’re going to start seeing over the next couple of quarters outpacing substantial income produced and return produced on those investments as they mature.
William C. Sonneborn: Sure. I'll take the first one in the context of the statement of the board and the distribution. As we’ve talked about in previous calls the Board meets quarterly to review the distribution anyone quarter and process of doing that takes into account a number of factors and circumstances of perspective to the company. And while it is certainly historically it appears over the last two years that right around now the Board has made a decision to increase the distribution as you note that’s not the case this July. But also instant in this particular point is this issue of transition of leadership. And so I think that’s also a factor of that the Board took in above beyond traditional factors and setting the distribution for this quarter. And so that’s basically hopefully answering your question.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors, Inc.: Not really, it is different.
William C. Sonneborn: Yeah, I think two are the points you want to flag in relates to earnings and cash flow timing. As you know, we’ll do things like CLOs where you may go through a 90 day ramp up period within three month to four months; you actually are getting ratifying cash to pay debt. But natural resources and commercial real estate strategies is a longer lead time. So to-date we put about $150 million out to commercial real estate and as we mentioned on the call, we expect to start seeing over the next few quarters’ income coming back off that, but that hasn't happened yet. Similarly, in natural resources, we’re starting to see a pickup in income there talking about the J curve effect we have when the time we push the capital out and you go to a period trying to harvest that capital relatively being drilled production increases. We have over $400 million put out to natural resources and again we starting to see revenue growth there. So on a perfect road and things go as we hopeful we will make the investment decisions. We’ll see increased income across the Board not just from commercial real estate natural resources, but also from that undeployed capital. With respect to distributions, I think Bill’s – I echo Bill’s comments also say again this is evaluated on a quarterly basis based on what our cash flows are the forecast based on what we’re seeing at that point?Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors, Inc.: Without revealing your trading strategies, can you talk about you said you were adequately reserved Cengage declared bankruptcy at $186 million of paper plus we have added some together. You're adequately reserved the paper I think the subordinate stuff trade to zero. So could you help us…
William C. Sonneborn: Well, I mean to make it simple, we were actually because of the way we won allowance, so actually we are reserved through what the market price was at quarter end, so to us that’s the GAAP reserving approach, we hoped this upside from there and we’ve expressed that view as to buy more of the paper. But we think we are we are protected to a down side outcome. We though it gonna be worst than where it trades we would be selling it.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors, Inc.: Again Bill, congratulation to you.
William C. Sonneborn: Thank you.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors, Inc.: I don’t know if I’m envious or what, I have to figure it out.
William C. Sonneborn: The answer is we’ve been spending a lot of time over the last couple of years preparing for the environment. We’re starting to move in today, whether that’s fixing the liability structure on the balance sheet long-dated over the two decades worth of time before the nearest maturity with no mark-to-market financing, a strong cash and liquidity position, deploying capital between financial assets and real assets. We feel really good from an economic perspective, particularly domestically here in the U.S. where we actually expect economic activity to pickup in the third and fourth quarters that will spurn quantitative or QE3 easing by the federal reserve coming down from their $85 billion a month to something beginning in the fourth quarter of something in the range of $10 billion to $20 billion less per month, pleasing out over the course of next year. We think higher economic growth in the U.S. will have some impact on inflation expectation. That’s one of the reasons we have long-dated long duration assets on our balance sheet, Europe is muddling along.  We are concerned about the financial system in China and particularly in emerging markets and the export, import data continues to be very poor out of that part of the world. But we’re cautiously optimistic on the environment. The strong U.S. growth will be really good for our credit portfolio from a perspective of low default rates, very well positioned for the equity markets and we have a decent amount of equity market risk on our balance sheet for the first time over the course of the past kind of 18 to 24 months.  So I think the business is pretty much set to perform really well based upon the macroeconomic backdrop that we see.
William C. Sonneborn: No that would be playing fair, I think we are conscious that we will feel a little bit of compression as it starts moving up. That’s our view in the long-term that LIBOR will go past that level, once it starts moving and may not be an overnight shifts. So we might feel that for a couple of quarters. But we don’t think it would be there for an extended period of time. I think once you start see the rates moved and that while it probably won’t move as quickly as the 10 year to last quarter, I think we think start seeing rates move at a reasonably consistent pace. Yes.
William C. Sonneborn: Thank you, and thank you all for all of your trust and patience over the course of the past five years, I really like to express my thanks to Mike McFerran, Nicole, Jeff Van Horn and all of the team within KKR that support KFN they have continue to do nothing but an outstanding job for many years. And I look forward to helping Craig continue to build lots of shareholder value for you going forward. Thank you.
