Craig Larson: Yes, sure. So look, I think in terms of the industry, just to start there, Alex, and some of the dynamics we're seeing, I think mid-market private equity firms which really are a lot of the driver of the deployment you see here do have a lot of dry powder. And so you're seeing more of these firms, more mid-market borrowers generally who want to use the private debt markets. So we expect the private debt markets broadly in direct lending specifically to continue to grow and take share. And I think in terms of KKR, you should expect to see us grow here in a number of ways. First, in a traditional institutional format. So we're fundraising for our U.S. and European direct lending strategy. Second, we have our BDC, as you mentioned. And we think there'll be opportunities over time to introduce additional vehicles focused on the private wealth opportunity. And finally, Global Atlantic is also active here. So I think in summary, direct lending, it's a core part of our credit business, lots of ways for us to grow. We think that can be in the institutional private wealth, insurance businesses across multiple forms of capital, traditional funds, separately managed accounts, perpetual capital, and that's both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. So again, the backdrop for us just feels really constructive with lots of opportunities going out.
Craig Larson: Brian, it's Craig. Why don't I start? First, on deployment, one of the things that is interesting and you've picked up on this is the real scaling you've seen over time in deployment. So in 2019, infra deployment was $2.1 billion. In 2020, it was $2.2 billion. And over the trailing 12 months, we've invested $14 billion across the infrastructure platform. Activity is very high. This remains among the busiest teams and the framework of our firm and it's global. And returns, again, as you would have seen the snapshot from page 7, have continued to be, we think, strong and differentiated. So I think the activity level continues to be high. We haven't announced anything as it relates to timing of future fundraising, et cetera. But I think if we continue to execute the way that we have, there'll be continued opportunities for us. And then 1 other point here is, again, innovation is not -- is going to continue in the framework of the firm. And I think you're seeing that real time in terms of what we talked about in the prepared remarks on democratized infrastructure as an avenue that also will continue to help us both from a deployment and honestly from a fundraising standpoint as well.
Craig Larson: Brian, it's Craig. Why don't I start and then Rob can pick up on the $37 billion number? So just a couple of observations, I guess, in terms of deployment. Look, first, over the last 18 months, we've seen a lot of dislocation and valuations have come down pretty meaningfully. And a lot of the primary markets have either been shut, thinking of the IPO market or the syndicated debt markets, again, as an example, which aren't fully healed. So capital at the moment is precious, but all of those things from a deployment standpoint, we look at, I think, are very good things for us. And as Rob pointed out in our prepared remarks, with our fundraising success heading into this period, we're really well positioned when you put those 2 things together. Now I think in this backdrop, look, we're going to be value focused. We're going to look for those opportunities where our operational resources and focus can really move the needle. We love corporate carve-outs. We've been active in pursuing public to private, so I think that's an example of where you're seeing probably as much activity from us as anybody within the industry. And so we're going to continue to be opportunistic across that -- across those parts of the opportunity set. And I think finally, the other thing you're seeing because it's interesting is the balance you're seeing across the firm. Real diversification, real balance. Over the trailing 12 months, traditional private equity deployment was $11 billion. Real estate was $10 billion and infrastructure, again, as I mentioned a moment ago, was $14 billion. So you're seeing a real balance in that level of investment activity. And I think it's also just worth highlighting and it's kind of related to the first, but the growth you've seen also in terms of real asset deployment with the growth in our infrastructure and real estate platforms, you've seen a big step-up in overall deployment, and that is also true within the credit business. So in 2019, deployment in credit was $10 billion, 2020 was $10.3 billion, trailing 12 months, it was $17 billion. And then I think as it relates to capital markets, you're bringing up a very fair point just as it relates to the strength of the team and what having 70 people can do for us as we're trying to put capital structures together and look to finance those deployment opportunities. And to date, despite all of the disruption, we've not had a situation where we haven't been able to finance an opportunity that we wanted to pursue. And I think the strength of the team and the breadth that we have in terms of the global capital markets franchise has a critical part in that.
Craig Larson: Yes, it's Craig. Why don't I start? Look, I think it's -- the first quarter, as I think we'll all remember, March, in particular, was a really disruptive period. We've had 2 bank failures since the beginning of March. Just a tremendous amount of volatility. And all of that -- those dynamics are not going to be helpful from a financing market standpoint, from a deal standpoint, as Scott had mentioned a moment or 2 ago. So I wouldn't read too much into the industry, honestly, in terms of these trailing 90 days. A lot of that activity in private credit does end up being financial sponsor-driven in the framework of new transactions. And we think over time, as you have refinancing opportunities as the market strengthens and as you have that M&A activity from mid-market sponsors pick up, that you'll see deployment in turn, pick up. As I think the overall share is 1 where you're continuing to see a growth in share in private credit broadly. So again, I wouldn't look to read too much into the trailing 90 days.
Craig Larson: And the only thing I'd add, Alex, to that last point, Ben, just again, I think the part of the market where we've seen the most headlines and where you're probably seeing the most congestion is in traditional private equity. Again, as we mentioned, we've had a final close on our Europe VI fund, 20% larger than its predecessor, great outcome. Probably worth noting that almost 25% of the LPs in that fund are new investors. They're now new clients of KKR. So we've talked for a long time on these calls of our focus on growing the LP base and the success that we're having there. But more importantly, following on that, again, as we've mentioned, we are now -- we're not going to be in the market with a flagship PE fund this year, and we don't expect to be back in the market until '24 or '25. And we feel fortunate with that timing. And instead, it allows us to focus on deploying that capital. So I think perhaps the traditional PE space might be the 1 place where you might hear people delaying or having the greatest impact on seeing those fundraises be elongated. And we're really fortunate in that we have no activity for the back half of this year.
Craig Larson: Rob, thank you for your help, and thank you everyone for your interest in KKR. We look forward to speaking again post our Q2 results. And if you have any questions in the interim, please, of course, follow up with us directly. Thank you once again.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. Just a couple of thoughts I'd add, Alex. First off, if you think about our overall private credit and our corporate credit business, it's roughly $75 billion or so of assets. If you include real estate credit, which is a very large business for us, that adds another roughly $30 billion to $35 billion. So, we're $110 billion, give or take of total between the two. And that is, to your question, really fed across a number of different vehicles, we've got Global Atlantic, we've got our BDC and other permanent vehicles, we have funds, we have separate accounts and we're raising capital across all of those. And we continue to see, to Craig's point, a real opportunity to continue to scale those businesses, especially in this environment where the traditional banks are pulling back. But I would highlight a few things. Direct lending gets a lot of attention. The senior secured opportunity is definitely there. Spreads are wider, protections are greater. We think this is going to be a great vintage period, and we're finding real interest from investors around the world in that seniority plus yield off a higher base rate. So, we think that interest will continue. The other thing that doesn't get as much attention is our asset-based finance business, which is also a very large opportunity for us, a very large business. That is roughly a $4 trillion to $5 trillion end market in terms of opportunity, on its way to $7 trillion. This is -- think of it as a series of different hard assets and consumer assets that the banks use to finance that they're pulling back from. We have a number of platforms that we've created to go after that space, again accessed across all different types of vehicles I mentioned. And then real estate -- real estate credit, you can imagine what that market looks like over the next several years, it's going to be a big opportunity for us to scale there as well, and we're already one of the largest players. So big opportunity for growth as we think about how do we double our $200 billion-plus in credit globally again from here.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Patrick, a couple of things. One, this is obviously going to be heavily market-dependent. I think Rob hit on it. We've gone from $2 billion to $9 billion of unrealized gains in the last three years. So that's the number that we track. That's why we shared that with this. So, this is just a matter of when do we choose that we want to monetize some of those gains on the margin, especially in U.S. and Europe. We're probably going to choose to wait. But keep in mind, one of the things we benefit from is a more global portfolio than most. Asia, in particular, has some different market dynamics going on right now. I think that will help on the margin. But the bigger picture message you should take is the $4-plus of FRE that we shared and the $7-plus of TDE per share a few years out, we still feel great about that. So I wouldn't get too worried about what we say in the next couple of quarters. I'd focus more on that earnings power and where do we expect to end up. My personal perspective is I would expect those numbers will go up relative to down based on what we're going through now.
Scott Nuttall: Yes, Brian, it's Scott. Just a couple of things I'd add. One, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I think it's going to be a great couple of vintage years we're walking into here. So if you first start with equity, which is probably the focus of your question, there's a couple of things that go on. Buyers and sellers need to find common ground. It usually takes about 12 months for that to happen as the markets adjust. We seem to be countering that. We're starting to work to the other side of that. Obviously, the bank failure has created a little bit of a pause in some discussions, but we are pretty active on a number of different fronts. So we think that will not be something that holds us up for much longer. I think the financing markets, to Craig's good point, capital markets and to your question, has been a secret weapon for us and has allowed us to get some deals done. We've done a couple of deals where we've spoken for 100% equity and then the private credit market shows up and put the financing in place. So we're not letting the financing markets hold us back in TE or in infrastructure. In fact, it's kind of creating some opportunities where maybe it's tougher for our competition that don't have the same capability sets and the same capital markets team. And then as I mentioned before, on the credit side, it's just more flow and more opportunity across both corporate and real estate credit for us.
Scott Nuttall: Michael, it's Scott. Really good question. I would say there's no doubt that broadening our insurance relationships, both with Global Atlantic and with third parties, has allowed us to meaningfully scale some parts of the firm. In particular, I would say, all things private credit, direct lending, asset-based finance that I mentioned before, maybe part of the firm that had the biggest impact was across real estate credit. I think the year before, we did the Global Atlantic transaction, a real estate credit team originated something like $2 billion of loans, and the first year after, it was somewhere in like $12 billion or $13 billion. So it's allowed us to meaningfully scale our presence, both from an origination standpoint and also allow us, I think, to do an even better job for the third-party insurers because now we are operating just like them through the regulatory environment that they're living with as an operator as opposed to just an agent. And I think there's opportunities to grow in all of those spaces. These are very large end markets. As you know, our strategy and everything we do is only be in businesses where we are or can get to top 3 in that space, and we feel great across all of those fronts. It also gives us an opportunity to look more globally as we're looking at, in particular, for Global Atlantic blocks across Asia or Europe and adding insurance clients outside the U.S., I'd say our client base is heavier in the U.S. today, but we are building relationships outside the U.S. as well. And that gives us an opportunity to expand, just like we did in the U.S., our origination footprint across all those areas, we can do it outside the U.S., too. And we're starting to do that now across both Europe and Asia across those asset classes. So it's been a big positive for us on a number of different fronts, and it kind of bolted us to top 3 across a number of those different businesses much faster. In terms of kind of white space, to the second part of your question, more broadly, I think there are a number of different things that we could point to. The biggest impact on the firm, however, is just going to be scaling everything that we started. We see an opportunity to double and triple several of the businesses that we're in. As you know, a lot of the businesses we've started in the last -- started in the last handful of years. Over 50% of the firm is not yet scaled in our definition. Over 50% of the money we raised last year is in strategies less than 5 years old. So the biggest impact is going to be scaling what we started. But there are some other areas. I'd point to energy transition and climate is something that we could point to. I'd point of life sciences as another big area that over time could be meaningful for us in terms of coming attractions.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks, Ben. Look, in terms of the LP dynamics, it really depends on what product area you're talking about, what kind of investor you're talking about. So I'd say where there has been perhaps a bit more caution on the margin has been around U.S. and European pensions. And some of that is definitely a denominator effect as they're trying to get their bearings heading into this year. And some of them are over their alternatives allocation and trying to sort out how much of the budget do they want to spend and how quickly. But that is just that particular segment, and it tends to be more equity-focused as opposed to credit and real estate credit-focused in terms of those dynamics. But when you kind of go broader than that, you got the sovereign wealth funds, we're not feeling that dynamic at all, whether it's Asia or the Middle East, they seem to have a good amount of capital and are looking to put it to work across different asset classes and geographies. Insurance companies, despite the higher base rate, we continue to see a significant amount of interest in what we're doing. And you heard the comments that we're now a couple of hundred billion near enough that we're managing for insurance companies. It's been quite good for their businesses in terms of -- especially on the life and annuity side. And so we're getting the benefit of that growth. The family offices are actually a bit contrarian in this environment and reviewing this, which we agree with, is a great period to put money to work. So we're actually finding family offices leading in. And you can -- you know what we said about private wealth, that's all new. So this is the first time some of these spaces have had access to things like private equity and infrastructure. And so we'll see what all that yields but this is a new dynamic for us. So I wouldn't over-index to just the U.S. and European pensions. And I would say the footnote even on that score, I think some of them have learned from the post-GFC period, where maybe some invested less coming out of the financial crisis than they might have hoped. And so as opposed to turning off, we're finding maybe they're reducing the amount they're committing in this environment but not turning it off. The bigger point I would make is that if you think more broadly across everything that we're doing across private equity, infrastructure, real estate and credit, there is a significant amount of investor dialogue, both institutions and individuals. So I wouldn't take too much caution from the comments. Just on the margin, we are hearing this from some people. And I think the bank crisis in March probably fed that a bit, but there's also acknowledgment from a number of the people that we're talking to, but they don't want to underinvest or undercommit because I think there's an understanding the next couple of years are going to be a really good investment period. And as your question on the 30 investment strategies, I think most of those will be in the market over the course of the next 12 months, including the back half of this year.
Scott Nuttall: Maybe just one other macro comment I'd make, Ben, is if you think about this. If you step back and think about our firm, so 15 years ago, we managed about $50 billion of capital; 10 years ago at less than $100 billion; 5 years ago less than $200 billion. We're now in excess of $500 billion. And what we tend to find coming out of periods of time like this, we've got a bit of a market dislocation and the question around economic cycles is investors tend to look back and say what performed when the markets were difficult. And what we found is, over time, alternatives has tended to perform quite well. And usually, what happens coming out of an environment like this is they increase their allocation to alts. Our expectation is that the same thing will happen here. That will be a nice wind at our back as we kind of head into the next several years and launch the flagship funds that Craig was referencing. And then you've got on top of that, the compounding benefit of private wealth. So the reason you hear the optimism in our voices is over the next several years, we actually think we're going to look back on this period of time, I feel like this has been quite helpful and helps fuel the next leg of growth for the industry and for the firm.
Rob Lewin: Patrick, thanks for the question. I think -- and I provided this in the prepared remarks, we're seeing a pretty quiet monetization outlook out there right now. That's what we're seeing in our current pipeline. And our expectation is probably going to remain that way for the duration of the year. Now I think there's a few separate points to hit on here for KKR specifically. I think the most important point, and I mentioned this earlier, is that 90-plus percent of our capital at KKR is either perpetual or locked up for eight-plus years from inception. In terms of our carry-eligible AUM, I'd bet that number is probably closer to 100%. And so, we are generally not forced sellers into the marketplace. Number two, while the near term here could be pretty slow, there are a number of factors that really contribute to our confidence in being able to generate very meaningful step-ups in monetization-related revenue in the future when the environment improves. Number one, it's the health of our existing portfolio. It's really strong. I don't think that we can overstate that point enough. We feel really good that we got the macro right coming into this period of time, and we'll exit it in a stronger position competitively as a result. Number two is really the scaling and diversification of our capital deployment over the last 5 years that's going to generate the carry and balance sheet gains in the future. Scott hit on this in his prepared remarks, but our carry-eligible AUM is up 3 times versus the last vintage, which is generating today's carry. And number three, it's our dry powder, $106 billion, almost a record number for us, and 95-plus-percent of that $106 billion is carry-eligible. And so really the question here around the trade-offs between monetizing investments today versus in the future was one of the key reasons why we included that earnings power framework that we did in our teaching materials from January. It's that metric, I think, that really speaks to the go-forward opportunity for us and why we remain so constructive on the longer-term ability to generate real monetization outcomes and ultimately $7-plus per share of TDE by 2026.
Rob Lewin: Yes, Mike, it's Rob. Thanks a lot for the question. Punchline is no surprises as it relates to surrenders. They remain in line with management's expectation on initial underwriting. So we feel good about that. That has continued into the second quarter as well into April. As it relates to the opportunity from here, clearly, the opportunity, we think, on the retail side of the business, given where interest rates are and where annuity is price -- annuities are priced today remains a really robust 1 that our team is very focused on. We have a very strong market share there. And I mentioned this earlier through the prepared remarks, but the institutional side of our business has a real healthy pipeline right now. And so be a little bit lumpier in nature but we feel good with what we're seeing there and some of the risk reward that exists in that part of the market as well.
Rob Lewin: And Brian, just a quick follow-up on the $37 billion of capital, no firm guidance there, but our -- a decent rule of thumb would be 3 to 4 years until that shows up in fee-paying AUM. As a reminder, that capital comes in at close to 100 basis points on a weighted average fee basis.
Rob Lewin: Thanks, Michael. Nothing specifically to call out. It's a little bit of a mix issue that we're benefiting from. You'd see that uptick, but nothing specifically other than a little bit of mix of product.
Rob Lewin: And yes, just to clarify for -- just to separate those 2, that question was related to Global Atlantic. When we first purchased Global Atlantic, we spent a lot of time working with the team to make sure that we were very thoughtful around how we rotated the book from GA-sourced assets to KKR-sourced assets. We weren't in a rush. We continue not to be in a rush and that's happened methodically over time. And as a result, you've seen our blended fee rate step up in a pretty balanced way over the last couple of years. Today, our blended fee rate at GA when you cut through all the math is roughly 30 basis points. I think there's some opportunity over time to continue to rotate the book. We'll continue to do that in the most thoughtful way. We can in conjunction with the GA investment team. But I wouldn't expect any market changes from the trajectory that we've had over the last couple of years.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Thanks, Alex. It's a good question, the right question. I'll start with just a broader framework around capital allocation. You probably heard me say this a couple of times before. The most important thing that we can do as a management team is to have a consistent approach. Our approach is very much ROE-based. And ultimately, when we're allocating capital, the question that we are always looking to answer is what is going to drive the best risk-adjusted outcome on a per share basis. There's no more important question than that. And we think, as a management team, moving our marginal dollar of liquidity around to the highest ROE opportunity is a real core competency. Now specifically on the question of share buyback, if you take a look at our body of work, we've had our buyback authorization now in place for several years. We've repurchased or retired 85-plus million shares. That's almost 10% of our shares outstanding. It's well north of 10% of our public float. The average price of which we've bought back or retired those shares by $25 a share. So we really like our body of work. And on top of that, at the same time, if you look back over the past couple of years, whether that's -- excuse me, whether that's KKRM or Global Atlantic, we've completed almost $5 billion of purchase price-related M&A, and we haven't had to issue that many shares to be able to do that -- do those transactions but mostly cash funded. And so when you take a step back, we don't look at share buyback in sort of 1 discrete bucket. We look at capital allocation as a whole. Now all to say, we do expect share buybacks to be a big part of our toolkit on a go-forward basis, and we're going to evaluate them the same way we evaluate all capital allocation. But yes, as we think over the next number of quarters and years, you're going to continue to see us lean into our share count when it makes sense. From a liquidity standpoint, when it makes sense from an opportunity relative to other opportunity sets out there and then obviously where our share price is at. So thanks for the question. Hopefully, that's helpful color in how we, as a management team, value using our marginal dollars of liquidity.
Rob Lewin: Yes. We're really proud of how durable our Capital Markets business has been in what has been a really tough capital markets environment. Obviously, equity markets largely shut. Leveraged finance markets have been largely shut for some period of time. And if you look at our average quarterly revenue over the past four quarters, it's been a little bit north of $100 million per quarter. And so I think it's important to think about that in context of our Capital Markets franchise. 7-plus years ago is probably a $200 million a year business in good markets. 5-plus years ago is probably a $400 million year in good markets type business. And today, our LTM revenue is a little bit north of that $400 million number in a really tough environment. And so no guidance as it relates to forward-looking quarters, but we do look at the performance that the team has been able to generate in a really tough market and feel really great about how we're positioned and do know that when we do come out of this period of time, when markets open back up, we, as a management team, have every expectation that we're going to be talking about a Capital Markets business 3, 5 years from now that's well in excess of the size that it is today for a number of reasons, just how we're positioned competitively, our access to talent. We see a lot of talent potentially coming out of, traditional source of capital markets institutions where we could take advantage of that. And then as KKR expands what we do, that's a real opportunity for our Capital Markets business.
Rob Lewin: Great. Thanks for that question. It's plus or minus around $125 million of forward look that we have, again, in context of the $9-plus billion of embedded gains on our balance sheet.
