Craig Farr: I’m going to interrupt you. Assume you’ve -- fair value over corporate GAAP holdings, adjusted book value would be $10.70 per share.
Craig Farr: Sure. The $75 million, we contributed to CLO 2011-1, which we up sided by $300 million. That was done in the last day of the quarter. So there’s no impact on the quarter, just last quarter from that when you see it going forward as we ramped. The Maritime deal, which we funded at $84 million of our $115 million commitments to, we talked about, that’s going to ramp up over the next year. And once that portfolio kind of hits this run rate, we would expect later ‘14 or early’15, it will start to begin generating or returning dividends to us, which we hope is not mid-teens range. On the natural resources and commercial real estate front, those were done -- in fact throughout the quarter. But as you know, John, those have little bit mortgage acre for fast run and delay when we start receiving the benefit of income and cash flows.
Craig Farr: So on the natural resources, John, you will probably see that mid next year. On the commercial real estate side, as we mentioned in our remarks that we expect to see that where we kind of starting and had more of a recurring basis in early ‘15 with the pickup the second half of ’14.
Craig Farr: Yes. Joel, I can talk. This is Craig. I think the -- what we’re seeing there is the management team is able to put out loans at -- on LTV basis, about 65% loan-to-value and cash yield anywhere from 10% to 12% on an un-levered basis. And then we do believe as we accumulate that portfolio, we’re going to attract portfolio-based leverage against the advancing company and it could generate returns on a levered basis from the high teens.
Craig Farr: I think it’s a great question. I think it’s -- I think the (inaudible) we’re going to balance those two things that we are shifting today and may have been a little more aggressive on CLO activity and try to get that cash yield up in the near term. That’s still very attractive return, still place some of that on a more detailed opportunities like, especially finance side. But yes I do think maybe you come down a little bit onto your point on that overall expectation and a 2.5% rate environment given the yield compression keep us at 1000, that’s probably a big expectation in cash yield in this environment. That doesn’t mean again your five-year period is not reasonable. But I think -- I think in this environment what you’re hearing from us is we are going to focus on growing our cash distribution which may put a little pressure on that total return.
Craig Farr: Based on net quarterly that’s correct. I think as Mike mentioned, we put in more capital pretty in the quarter that -- which should help grow that over the upcoming quarter that wouldn’t really inflate at this point. And then we had the loan loss provision and some of the amortization discount that was unusually low this quarter.
Craig Farr: Yes. I think the question was when you think of total returns versus cash, I think -- what we are saying is with the CLO equity we -- and now we have deployed today natural resources in real estates, those maybe higher total return strategies but we are -- got to shift a little more into higher cash yielding strategy to ensure that we have the adequate cash flow for dividend growth.
Craig Farr: Yes. We certainly have the strategy -- capital on the ground with higher expectations obviously than a 10% return whether it’s some of the natural resources, some of the real estate cash or even some of your Maritime Finance that I just went through. So I do think there is -- there is -- we see the growth profile as Mike mentioned some of that capital may take time to like into do that -- that return profile.
Craig Farr: Lee, we want to speak for the board but they clearly made that statement and wouldn’t -- wouldn’t be raising the dividend, they didn’t have that deal of choice.
Craig Farr: I think that’s certainly I look at it and I think to get your point. You have to look at the risk profile. I think we are still very good about the downside protection in diversification and zero point when you look at relatively risk rewards, it makes down but it’s not a huge return, but I actually think in this environment it’s such a very reasonable expectation.
Mike McFerran: Daniel, $11 million is part of that. So that’s the key component, which is, one, you have seen the portfolio turnover over time. And the actual portfolio spreads is tightened but what’s most noteworthy is we saw $666 million of prepayments in the second quarter and a little over $100 million this quarter. So that’s 80% drop. So this is the lowest level we’ve seen in quite some time as a result of that level of prepayment is pretty anemic on $1 million. So that would be the driver of that decline we’re referring to.
Mike McFerran: It’s a great question. Over the last couple of years, that number is varied anywhere, let’s say, $5 million to $12 million on average. So I would definitely not ignore it. If I look at the recent portfolio today, you’ve got $100 million difference between par and cost basis of the assets that needs to be accreted in on a portfolio where leverage loan, you’d assume the average life for them is four years. So if I do that math, obviously straight line, that’s going to be $25 million a year or about $6 million a quarter which would not be too different that kind of a historical norm for us, really independent rates because the fact that loans usually aren’t accompanied by a prepayment penalty, they still get paid off.
Mike McFerran: Yes. I mean, that -- the cash is obviously driven by two things. But the CLOs are amortizing. Clearly, the biggest volume is going to be amortization and for the other deals that are in reinvestment especially whether they are reinvesting into a wider or tightening spread in items of another variable. But when I look at 2005, 2006 deals and 2007, 2008 which are all amortizing that’s the best indication of seeing that drop-off.
Mike McFerran: Great observation. Completely agree that -- if I had to pick which one we prefer, we’ll take the slower prepayments and extending the life to our legacy deals.
Mike McFerran: I think you hit it on. There is going to be a balance of us putting capital to ramping up, the new capital we’ve contributed to CLOs like level 1, ramping up future CLOs which as Craig mentioned is a key focus for us and the pace of amortization with your deal. I like to think we’re currently around that inflection point today. However, the target is to time that perfectly. If I were to look ahead, I would expect run rate on that portfolio to start increase over time.
Mike McFerran: Lee, to add on to Craig’s point. If you look at our cash on hand at quarter end, the amount of capital that’s kind of falling, we’ll call it a J-curve earnings effect being deployed. We are not yet provided earnings contribution. Our total amount is about $600 million.
Mike McFerran: $600 million of cash as well as capital that’s already been deployed but for which -- the time lag on the period will actually start earning income from it. So a good amount of our capital is actually not providing earnings contribution today, that’s $600 million.
Mike McFerran: While the other aspect, Lee, is there are a couple of things. One, our leverage is under 0.3 times. So frankly with our credit ratings, the debt capital markets are still available to us. But if we rate -- our average borrowing rate today is a little over 7%. So assuming we put a lot of more money, something above 7%, this could be accretive to both cash and income.
