Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob, and thank you everyone for joining our call today. Given the reason Investor Day, I’m going to be very brief. As a firm, we have never had a stronger team, better connectivity, stronger investment results, higher unrealized gains and carry, more businesses scaling and reaching their inflection points, and more fund in and coming in. As a result, we have never had more ways to grow, more visibility on that growth and we’re confident in our future. And all of that is before Global Atlantic, which gives us even more perpetual capital, even more visibility, even more ways to grow and a fantastic management that will make us even stronger and faster. We are hopeful all that came through during the Investor Day and we are looking forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Glenn. Thanks for the questions. First, with respect to long dated partnerships, we are still pursuing those. So these for everybody’s benefit are the oftentimes multi-decade recycling strategic partnerships that will create with institutional investors largely, largely they’re invested across asset classes and have some component of recycling to them. And so we continue to pursue those. They take a long time to structure. But we continue to have an active pipeline. So don’t take any message from the Investor Day lack of commentary just continues to be something that we’re focused on going. We’ll have update for you over time, because there’s a couple that are getting close. On the secondary side, as we’ve mentioned in the past, we continue to look at the space. We’re analyzing whether we want to build or whether there’s something that might make sense to buy, really hard to have to buy work from a cultural fit standpoint at times, but we are looking and we’ll have more to share with you over time. But nothing more to share today except that we continue to pursue it.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Alex. As you know, it’s really been a great fundraising environment, by the best we’ve seen in a long time. We’re seeing increased engagement from investors across the Board across different asset classes and we do find ourselves in some situations in the happy circumstance where a fund might be a capacity constraint and we’re able to talk to them about different things that we’re doing. So, for example, as you know, we raise our private equity flagship funds in a bit of a different way than others. We have three regional funds, as opposed to one global fund and we just closed Asia, we’re in the market right now with Americas, Europe will come relatively quickly on the back of the Americas fundraise. There’s core, there’s growth, there’s a lot of different ways we can talk to investors across just privately before you get to real assets and credit. And so that incremental potential demand that we oftentimes will see especially lately, we’re able to pivot some of that unmet demand into some of these other asset classes and strategies that are adjacent and that’s the focus right now.
Scott Nuttall: Yeah. Thanks a lot, Devin. I’ll answer the second part of your question first. Potential pending tax legislation will have no impact on how we monetize our portfolio. It is really about making sure that we’re a fiduciary for our clients and exiting it at the appropriate time. In terms of our outlook for monetizing the portfolio, as you noted, there’s a very significant amount of embedded gains. Our expectation is here -- here is that we’ve got a number of assets particularly on the core side that for a number of years can compound in capital, but we also have a fairly mature portfolio that we think can get realized over the coming quarters here. I know one of the questions that we get a lot in this forum and so I will answer as part of this overall questions is what our forward visibility looks like in terms of monetizing our revenue from an investment perspective and a performance perspective. As relates to Q2 specifically, we already have visibility and a very substantial amount of revenue we have. As of now, that line of sight is $700 plus million of performance and investment income. So as a reminder, this is from deals that are already closed or have been signed up and that we expect to close in Q2. In terms of split, as I know that for now especially our articulating compensation. I’d say, it’s probably 60 to two-thirds carried interest and the remainder in investment income.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks. Very good question, Michael. It’s Scott. As we mentioned at Investor Day, we have created or been partnered with others on about 16 or so origination platforms. And they’re getting to be quite substantial, 4,000 employees, $100 plus billion of AUM or balance sheet across the entire group. Just by way of background, these were largely created out of our private credit business, in particular, private credit opportunities vehicles, where we saw an opportunity in asset based finance on the back of banks pulling back from a number of different asset classes, where we thought the risk reward was really pretty interesting. That effort was started clearly before the Global Atlantic transaction. And so what we’re doing right now is we’re in the process of thinking about how do we want to pivot this strategy and how do we want to evolve what we’re doing there in light of the significant demand that Global Atlantic has for those underlying asset classes and that origination. And so, think of it this way, we started really just funding entirely out of the funds and then we started to move a little bit more of a hybrid approach. So we created an aircraft leasing business as an example called Altavair, that was created as almost like a joint venture between our infrastructure business, our private credit business and our balance sheet. And so we’ve been moving in the direction of actually trying to think about the answer to your question this own versus partner. And I think what you’ll find and we’ll share this, our thinking with you going forward, is that we are going to have some of these that will be more transitory and we own for a while and then move on and sell as fiduciaries for our funds. And we may have some that over time move into more the Altavair type approach which is a bit of a hybrid. But with the addition of Global Atlantic, it really broaden us how we can think about investing in this space and some of this stuff, it might make sense to make more permanent either on the KKR balance sheet or the Global Atlantic balance sheet, or both.
Rob Lewin: Hey, Craig. It’s Rob. Really good question and so a couple things. As we thought about our IMA and how to approach in that across our strategy, we really looked at where the underlying investments were at Global Atlantic, most of those are credit oriented and will fit in our public markets business, but there are a number that are in the real estate space, principally real estate credit and so we’ve put those across our real estate business. As it relates to rotating the Global Atlantic balance sheet and to take their products, we are in the very early innings of that. We think there’s a lot of opportunity for the Global Atlantic balance sheet, as well as our Asset Management businesses being able to get that rotation done. We’re just a couple months in here and that’s going to take some time to make sure that we get ramped up. We’ll provide additional updates over time. But we’re not really seeing the benefit of that the Global Atlantic had nor the KKR.
Rob Lewin: Yeah. That’s a good question. Obviously, you’re right, you’ve got two months of GA, as opposed to full three months. I think on that basis you’d certainly be able to look at it in a cleaner way on the quarter. Of course, given where our IMA is sat and we talked at the last call that that’s maximum of 30 basis points, that’s going to have downward pressure on overall fee margin. But I think Q1 could be a good indication, probably, with a little bit more downward pressure, because you have the extra month offset by the fact that, we’ve got a really good and healthy outlook in fundraising across a number of our private strategies that have higher fee rates associated with them. So a bit of a challenging question to fully answer, Chris, but hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a flavor around where blended fee rates can go across the enterprise.
Rob Lewin: Yeah. Thanks for your question, Gerry. It is new this quarter and really reflects how we’ve tried to revamp our P&L to make it on a lot of ways. We think easier to understand and also more comparable with a number of our peers. And so what you’d expect to see in that line item. Really our incentive fees more from our perpetual capital vehicles, where the incentive fees that we generate are based on the underlying yield of the portfolio as opposed to mark-to-market. So things that are more stable in nature, the types of products that you’re going to see in there are going to be Type 1 incentive fees across our BDC platform, some of the core vehicles that we’re raising across infrastructure and credit, we’ve got a couple of SMEs that got have comparable type of fee arrangement. So those are the types of fees you’re going to see. We see a big opportunity over the next number of years to really scale that line item up for the firm and we thought it made sense to break it out as distinct from incentive fees based off of mark-to-market performance, like, a number of our peers have done in the past.
Rob Lewin: Hi, Rob. I will take the first shot at that. So that’s good question, and obviously, one of the big opportunities for us is to really be able to work with the GA management to go get the scale, which they believe is out there in the industry, and Alan, at our Investor Day, as you noted, did a really good job articulating the different $1 billion plus growth opportunities that are available. And so we’ve got a couple of different ways to be able to go after that and do feel like we’re well set up. One, we raised $250 million of primary capital at the time of closing a couple months ago the first primary capital raise that the company has done. So that’s very meaningful in terms of our ability to scale up the platform. Number two, you noted the sidecar, and we think there’s a real opportunity from the sidecar finance perspective going forward that can start to be able to go after these growth opportunities. And the last and I’d say, Rob, is one of the big strategic attractions of this transaction, I think, both for the GA management team and also as we evaluated this deal was our ability to help them access capital, when really meaningful growth opportunities are became available. And so, we’re very focused on that and I do think that there’s a real opportunity here for us to be able to go obtain additional capital, if it’s required for things that make a ton of sense from a growth perspective for GA.
Rob Lewin: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Good question. So, yes, the -- our Insurance segment, we thought the right way to illustrate that was on a post-tax basis and so that’s a fully tax number that you’re seeing for our Insurance segment. As it relates to our blended tax rate, and I would say, our guidance here really hasn’t changed since we became C-Corp and we benefit from a step up in basis that we had at the time of the C-Corp conversion. And that’s why you see our tax rate out for the time being that has trended below the statutory rate, obviously, this quarter, in particular, you had some noise, upward pressure that I mentioned. But I think, a mid-to-high-teens type tax rate that’s going up over time and landing in the low 20s at the statutory rate over time, as our step up comes down over time is the right way to think about taxes at KKR. So, not too dissimilar from what you’ve heard from us over the years, other than the fact that the step up will continue to come down over time and our tax rate will slowly migrate up.
