Bill Sonneborn: Thanks, Mike, and I know a number of you will have questions, but before opening it up to your specific Q&A, I wanted to provide some closing remarks regarding KFN in today’s volital environment.  Although investors anxiously wait to see this chapter close, we will likely continue to operate in volatile economic environment as we watch the tenants of across the Atlantic and U.S. debt saga and debt problems play out. Despite the bipolar nature of the market environment, we are working on a pipeline of new opportunities that we believe will be accretive to shareholder value. We are firm believers in investing behind large and sustained supply and demand and imbalances. And everything we do is done following thorough analysis of such trends.  Volatility is our friend by creating very interesting buying opportunities for our long-dated capital, especially an example in our special situation strategy. And we will continue to present an advantageous prospects for our strong teams. Lastly, we anticipate growing our natural resources and capital start commercial real estate assets, given today’s healthy pipeline of opportunities.  These are the types of markets where one can drive differentiated outcomes. While we’ve under gone a significant transformation from the 2008 time period I referenced, there’s one thing that hasn’t changed, our investment in risk discipline, it only gets better.  Our capital deployment decisions are based on convictions found through comprehensive efforts. And with focus on developing the competitive advantage that KKR brings to such ideas. With that, I’ll open this up for questions. Operator.
Bill Sonneborn: Exactly. It didn’t come from the bottom up credit review, it was much more of a top-down adjustment relative to aggregate unallocated reserve relative to the size our loan portfolio, Jonn. 
Bill Sonneborn: You know, it’s interesting, we’ve – as a firm that just recently surveyed a bunch of the CEOs of our private equity portfolio in the context of what’s going on from a macroeconomic perspective in the U.S, Europe and Asia, and in summary, there has been not just what you’re seeing in terms of market volitility but a pronounced slowdown in a number of markets. A particular concern is Europe, not just in the context of what’s going on with Greece and the potential periphery sovereign debt issues, but also in terms of the microeconomic climate that businesses are operating in.  We’ve seen a pretty steady downturn recently in the context of European demand, both not only at the consumer level, but also what had been recently strong, which is with the business-to-business level.  On top of that, the emerging markets, which had been kind of the savior for a lot of companies that are selling to consumers or to other businesses as a means of topline growth, has waned particularly because of China’s access to credit. The one bastion of reasonable stability that we’re seeing is actually the U.S. market, which is at least being stable in the context of all the moving pieces.  So you know, based upon all the [inaudible] data we’re seeing through portfolio company positions and other situations, we see a deceleration of any terms of growth, but we are seeing more stability in the U.S. relative to other markets. 
Bill Sonneborn: That’s a good question, John. And we talked a little bit about this in the last quarter when we talked about the ability to do a special distribution at the end of each year as well. But I think our philosophy has been consistent now for the past three years, which is, in periods when we’re finding fewer opportunities that you continue to increase that payout ratio and then if we’re in a period where we really can’t find any opportunity and we have to stretch for risk to go to, you kow, our mid-teen incremental return on capital that we target, we’ll return more capital to shareholders either through substantially higher distributions of earnings or stock repurchases. But in periods where we’re seeing pronounced opportunities to accrete value to our shareholders much higher than that mid-teen internal rate, we’ll retain capital in the context of being able to do so.  The third quarter is an example where we felt we had opportunities to drive a very high teens to low-20% rate of return to our equity holders with that cash. We feel it’s beneficial to shareholders to use that cash for that purpose by also still being sensitive to making sure our cash distributions cover tax liabilities for the average shareholder of the company. 
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah, basically, the question, I think it has had an impact and you’ve also seen a couple of situations some reasonably large B regs or [inaudible] competition of portfolio sales as a result of either leverage coming due or not being replaced. And so you know, all of those kind of market technical, you take a date like September 30th was actually the lowest point this year of credit prices in the highest credit spreads available in the market. And that being a covenant or test date for any situation that has market value leverage or a total rate of return swap using to finance the condition. It has a clear and demonstrable impact.  I think the issue of where we’re seeing the least, the amount of competition going back to the market is really in the hedge fund space, predominately because it’s of concern of upcoming redemption from this current redemption cycle. So some of those players that competed with certain parts of our business have pulled back pretty pronounced. 
Bill Sonneborn: We did. We mentioned that book value in the quarter of 914. You know, those prices have come back a considerable amount during the month of October, but we based it on our – the values of our acts at the end of October, we saw about a $0.35 recovery on it. 
Bill Sonneborn: Sure. You know, part of the driver of interest expense, I apologize, I’m just grabbing the interest statement now, is – if you take a look, you had – it was down a little, about 2.6 million. That is really driven by, as you know, three of our CLOs are out of reinvestment and as they have amortization of the senior bonds, that reduces the interest expense. 
Bill Sonneborn: And one way to think about it is if you just kind of exclude the effect of accelerated accretion, you know, as a result of refinancing transactions, which in periods of credit price deterioration, you typically have less of until you’ve made an apples-to-apples comparison say to the second quarter. Overall in our corporate debt portfolio, if you did the math, you would see an approximately 17 basis point in gross yield. On the overall portfolio, which has been driven by the capital deployed, particularly in the third quarter at much higher spreads, into [inaudible] the benefit once fully accounted for in future quarters in the overall growth yield across our platform. Amy DeBone – Compass Point Research and Trading: Okay, great. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Bill Sonneborn: And if you go to Page 27, Matthew, on the context of the troubled maturity, you’ll see that there was a substantial price decline in triple C class. In fact, triple Cs in the third quarter would be, you know, would be assets that dropped, an average around 6% in terms of triple C leveraged loans. Even with that impact on the triple C part, it really had no impact. In a number of transactions we were able to increase over collateralization. So that by itself is a factor that we don’t worry much about. We worry much more about a period when you have declining prices and high defaults because that’s the issue that we want to basically make sure that we have insulated the cash flow productivity of the business to price declines by itself, we don’t care about that much. 
Bill Sonneborn: I think, Michael, it may be driven by the market opportunities. You know, we mentioned we have an on-tap revolver and we have cash, so we don’t feel left to do anything. We are conscious we are – the convert out there for next July and I [inaudible] that out of the way, that will give us more capital in the current environment. So I think when the market feels right, we would do something and that could be as soon as over the next few weeks, or out in a few months. It really depends on what’s going on in the bottom margins. 
Bill Sonneborn: You said it right there, Michael. The oddity of oil and gas GAAP accounting is you make an acquisition of properties, you actually have to expense all the costs related to that up front. So we’re – when we’re in a quarter where we’re actually expanding on slightly more property, [inaudible] expenses rather than capital and [inaudible].  So we didn’t purchase any incremental working interests this quarter, so we don’t have anything to expense. 
Bill Sonneborn: We still believe, and we talked about this impending supply-demand challenge, imbalance that in special situations, particularly in the context of European asset dispositions, you know, we’ve done a bunch of research and think there’s a number of approximating 1.8 trillion euros of bank deleveraging transactions that will occur over the next 24 months. That is a big supply relative to the amount of capital available to take advantage of that, which means this location, which means pretty attractive rates of return available for those that can pick which of the 1.8 trillion are the good ones. And we feel pretty well positioned, both in terms of relationships with those institutions that are net sellers of assets and our ability to find that needle in the haystack to driver high returns. I’d put that at the top of the list.  The other area where we continue to see supply demand imbalance is in the same thing we’ve done, which is the natural resources, either in the context of the 1 trillion of capital necessary to fund the shale play investments, which we would take advantage of in more of a mezzanine type opportunity or in the case of conventional oil and gas, which the majors are selling to fund their CapEx programs. That is still quite dislocated as evidenced by the 28% return in capital we’re able to generate in a couple months after deploying some. And there’s a larger supply of pipeline of opportunity than we’ve seen in a long time in that space. 
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah, if you take a look at our par balances in our 10-Q, I don’t have that in front of me. Take a look at our 10-Q, you’ll see the par balances and the amortized cost for loans and bonds broken out. 
Bill Sonneborn: No, there was fail through the quarter. I think the difference is we were able to sell out of sort of positions at a higher price. And we mentioned in July, we took advantage of higher prices before credit backed up, so out of a fair number of high yield positions, we invest that capital. 
Bill Sonneborn: Those are all good ones. And you know, in the typical fashion, we’ll answer them and we’ll probably create a couple more. 
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah, the interest rate swap, there’s no P&L fact, all the way through, either comprehensive incomes or designated cash flow hedges. We mentioned OCI has come back about $0.35 since quarter end, the end of October. A decent part of that was those swaps. Again, not a monetized loss. 
Bill Sonneborn: Wayne, the difference – the distinction is loans are not – don’t – are not carried at fair value, so they don’t go with the book. Book value is going to be the bonds and the interest rate swap. So it’s not most the interest rate swap, when I say it came back $0.35, a meaningful part of that was the interest rate swap.  In other words. We swapped fixed rate to floating rate within our structures and so any sort of tightening of the ten-year treasury has an impact on book value and if ten-year treasury rates rise, that reversus for us. There’s no permanent impairment. 
Bill Sonneborn: Sure. Good question, Joel. The tranches have been upgraded. For our CLO’s what we call our restricted trading condition, which means for the CLOs, 05-1, 05-2 and 07-A, we try to reinvest in period, technically, subject to other tasks, we invest some unscheduled principal proceeds including proceeds from sales. For 05-2 and 07-A, [inaudible] for those two deals also have a weighted average life test that you’re restricted by, for a more practical standpoint, while there’s you know, there’s always a chance you may reinvest something, but it’s not likely. For 05-1, there’s probably a little more opportunity that would be dependent upon – it would be shorter data for that, but there would probably be some opportunities for [inaudible]. 
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah, in the 1.8 trillion euro asset disposition number that we researched, a good portion of that actually are dollar-denominated assets but not all. And so we’re just as comfortable as I think financials [inaudible] euro-denominated assets when we hedge back to $1 because we want to avoid making currency bets because that’s not, you know, I guess our core competence. So the answer is, a lot of those are corporate. Some of those are distressed real estate mortgage assets. Some of those are either whole business securitizations that have kind of a real estate and an operating company component all of which in a number of these cases are businesses, we as a firm know, and our manager knows really well. 
Bill Sonneborn: Thank you. And thank you all for listening today in the busy earnings season. We’ll get back to work and try to put together a good quarter for you. Thanks. 
Michael McFerran: That’s – John, that was done just to increase by a small amount on 2.5 million or unallocated reserve to keep our reserve level at approximately 3% of amortized cost per loan. There’s no other drivers behind that. 
Michael McFerran: That’s pretty much the range we’ve kept for the last several quarters considering the current credit environments, which we think, frankly, are pretty prudent reserved levels and anticipate the volital market that we’re in. But there were no under events in the portfolio that drove us to want to increase the provision. 
Michael McFerran: You know, to start with, John, obviously, and I know you’ve heard this from us many times. It really goes back to what type of leverage. So we’re very focused on the tenor of the debt. For a business like this, you know, again, we recognize we have very low leverage on the balance sheet, which gives us a lot of flexibility. But at the same time, we’re focused on wanting to have debt. I think we will, over the next year or two, we got to a level of 0.5, we see that pretty reasonable. But I think getting to under 0.1 or less than one turn of leverage, the holding company level, would still be pretty conservatively level for the business. 
Michael McFerran: Yeah, I think Bill mentioned, you know, during the quarter you saw loan prices widen north of 200 basis points. So as we were making [inaudible] the purchases, specifically in August and September, we were able to benefit from that. As of quarter end specifically, you know, we would have expected with 11/1, you’re deploying that capital initially into a market that price is backing up so we picked up more of wider net spread than we anticipated on that deal, which increases our expectations on CLOs in general. Again, I think if you – and I don’t have the math in front of me of [inaudible] more yield than we expected entering the quarter. 
Michael McFerran: And to Bill’s point, you know, if you look at Slide 27, we put I a few extra data points this quarter because we knew it was something that people wanted to understand and get a better handle around as price moves, what does it mean to our [inaudible].  If you look at that slide, what you’ll is what our CLOs OC impressions where when they were first issued, where they were at September 15th, 2008 really as we were just entering the dark phase of the credit crisis and you’ll see with the exception of one deal, all CLOs remain pretty below OC levels that they were at when they were first issued, where we were last quarter and where we are in September. And for September, we saw not only are all five CLOs well above the OC levels that they were first issued at, but three of the five actually increased OC during the quarter.  That’s basically driven by, Matthew, Bill claims that you really need a trifecta in a very material fashion of downgrade, defaults and significant price compliance by significant, if you recall, during the fourth quarter of 2008, levered loans, you know, touched 58-59, which touched 89 or 90 as you saw in August and September and we didn’t have the same OC cushion we have today. So never say never, but we feel pretty comfortable that we have a lot of OC. 
Michael McFerran: All really good questions. In the case of CLO 2011-1, you know, the final ramp, as we mentioned in the remarks, occurred in September right at the end of the quarter, so whether it’s cash flow production from that transaction in the third quarter, it was not the full run rate, which you’ll start to see going forward into the fourth quarter, which we imagine from that one single transaction will be somewhere in the range of a 20% higher cash income production just based upon the ramp portfolio into the fourth quarter.  On the question of how much capital is allowed to CLO equity, it really comes down to balancing where we’re seeing return opportunities, both in terms of probability of achieving a return outcome and both on the upside and on the downside relative to other investments that we make. And there’s been periods like we saw where we launched CLO 2011-1 and then upsized it when credit spreads were tight and there were fewer opportunities in some of these more kind of distressed or mezzanine assets where it was the best place to allocate capital for our shareholders in periods like now where CLO triple A spreads are wider than what we did on – for like adjusted basis by a material amount and CLO equity would be priced at something in the range of a 12 to 13% return, which is below our threshold for seeking opportunities outside of that asset class.  And we also focus on risk management and diversification because we don’t want all of our shareholder’s capital and earnings and cash flow driven either by capitated asset classes in terms of return potential or in the context of how we think about how market risk is positioned across everything we do. 
Michael McFerran: And you asked another one about position, in the position, we had to portray a position with some very well data assets that didn’t really participate in the market decline and we were able to trade out of those and by things we know and like that really participated in the asset decline.  And so there’s a variety of actions we took in the August and September time period to increase shareholder value. 
