Craig Larson: Thank you, Carmen. Thank you everybody this is Craig Larson, Head of Investors Relations for KKR. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings call. As usual, I’m joined by Bill Janetschek, our CFO, and Scott Nuttall, Head of Global Capital and Asset Management. We would like to remind everyone that we’ll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our press release. The call will also contain forward-looking statements, which do not guarantee future events or performance. And please refer to our SEC filings for cautionary factors related to these statements. This morning, we reported strong second quarter results. Of note we reported second quarter economic net income of $840 million equating to $0.88 of after-tax economic net income per unit. Both of these figures are up over 40% from last quarter driving by strong investment performance. Total distributable earnings were $491 million in the quarter which translates into $0.57 of distributable earnings per unit net of taxes. And in terms of the distribution we’ve announced a distribution for the quarter of $0.42 per unit. Before we move on I’d like to bring your attention this quarter in addition to our press release we’ve included a supplementary presentation for the first time which is also posted on our website. We thought we would use these slides to highlight the key themes for the quarter as we reflect on our performance and will refer to the pages in this presentation over the course of the call. If you could turn to page two for a moment of the presentation this highlights the four main themes in our business that we’ll expand on over the next 10 to 15 minutes. Strong underlying investment performance, a continued scaling of our newer initiatives, however, continuing to use our balance sheet to invest in our ideas and enhance our growth profile and lastly key initiatives were focused on looking forward. And with that let me turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial performance in more depth.
Craig Larson: Thanks Carmen, I was just going to say just looking at the queue we actually have quite a few people lined up in the queue so if you could please ask one question and then get back in the queue if necessary we’d appreciate it.
Craig Larson: It’s Craig, let me a few thoughts on that. First, and it’s a good question. One other things that is important to remember is that as the energy investments largely are valued will run long lived discounted cash flow analyses. So when you look at the movements in commodity prices both in terms of oil and natural gas, and along with that by the way is it and you referenced this, is that the majority of our near term production is hedged. So the results of that is that the shape of curve and prices four to five years out are important to consider that’s true both when prices are higher as well as lower. So when you look at the movements that you referenced in terms of crude and natural gas you have seen some low teens to mid-teens movement downwards in spot crude but when you look four to five years out that you’ve seen movement a lot less than that. And from the standpoint of our overall holdings were pretty equally split between natural gas and crude and natural gas prices have actually haven’t seen that same type of volatility, one off at this point. Now one of the things that does read into this it’s also just worth mentioning is from a deployment standpoint, one of the new launches is that if you look at the second quarter at least we actually we are not active in deploying or were not active even in terms of deploying capital in Q2, in our energy strategies. I think as we’ve seen commodity prices moved down even since June 30, we actually think that could help opportunities in the back half of the year. So we’re pretty constructive on what that opportunity is and what those opportunities could be for us. Although with the margin we’re probably seeing more opportunities at the asset level versus the corporate level. And one other point as we think about this vertical actually would relate to infrastructure because infrastructure actually is an area where we have been very active. So even within the last couple of, last two weeks we’ve announced another couple of investments within our Infra II funds those naturally haven’t closed but at this point even with those four investments Infra II is over 25% committed which is certainly a healthy figure recognizing that we only held the final close in Infra II early in the month.
Craig Larson: Just thank you everybody for your time. Thank you, Carmen. If there are any follow-up questions please feel free to follow up with me directly.
Bill Janetschek: Thanks, Craig. To set the stage for our results let me touch on page three of the earning supplement that Craig reference earlier. As you can see on this page we had strong investment performance this quarter across our carrying paying funds in both private and public market, helping our performance fees. And the performance is broad base. Our three key flagship PE funds were up between 9% and 15% in the quarter. We have also seen strong performance in our real asset strategies, which were up between 4% and 6%. And our alternative credit funds also had a good quarter with Special Sit especially strong returning 6% in Q2. And that investment performance helped drive the results we announce this morning most notably ENI, where we’ve announced record ENI on a total segment basis as well as within both private and public markets. In private markets we reported ENI of $666 million, which is up 17% from the first quarter and 77% on a year-over-year basis. This increase was primarily driven by the continued performance of our private equity portfolio appreciated 7.4% in the second quarter and 11.8% year-to-date. So far in 2015 through June 30th, our portfolio has outpaced the S&P 500 by over 1,000 basis points. Our private market balance sheet assets we’re also marked up, contributing to material quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year increases in investment income. In public markets we report $137 million of ENI, this is also materially on a quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year basis due mostly to strong performance fees and record quarterly investment income. Contributed to our performance this quarter includes the performance of our carry funds including our direct lending, mezzanine and special sit strategies, $31 million of realize investment income driven by gains in both liquid credit and Special Sit and we reported $59 million of net interest and dividend, which was up 14% from Q1. Moving to Capital Markets, we reported second quarter ENI of $37 million, up from the $28 million we reported in Q1 driven by higher transaction fees. Our capital market footprint continues to expand globally for our own investment and third parties. For the quarter about 40% of transaction fee activity stem from private equity portfolio companies. Other KKR activity like real estate and energy and infrastructure accounted for 30% while the remaining 30% represented third party activity. Also approximately 30% of the total transaction fees came from outside the U.S. Turning to our balance sheet. Our book value per unit was $12.77, also a record figure for us. Cash and investments on the balance sheet now total $11.8 billion and unrealized carry on the balance sheet is now $1.6 billion. That’s the highest it’s even been which is up 15% from last quarter and 30% from June 30, 2014. All was the result of strong underlying performance seen within our funds. Turning to the distribution we announced the distribution of $0.42. The largest component was $0.18 of realized cash carry driven by the sale of Boimet to Zimmer a secondly Nielsen a secondary Pets at Home a UK listed company, as well as a series of less visible monetizations in Asia including Aricent, Bardy [ph], Far East, MMI and UEL. From a real life carrier perspective we’re up to a good start in Q3 given the recent announcements of the sale of Capital Safety to 3M as well as a sale of the majority stake in a Lion Insurance to [indiscernible] both of which we expect close in Q3. Coupled with the dividend recap at Academy these will combine for roughly $0.12 of distribution per unit in Q3. And when you look at more recurring portion of our distribution fee and yield earnings together with cash carrying balance sheet gains and assuming the transactions I just mentioned earlier are completed we’ll be at around $0.27 a unit for Q3 as we sit here today. Finally in terms of AUM and fee paying AUM as of June 30th our assets under management were $102 billion and fee paying assets under management were $84 billion. And again keep in mind these figures do not reflect nearly $10 billion of committed capital that will be included in AUM once it’s invested. The shadow AUM is up over $4 billion from March 31st, and also it doesn’t include the prorate portion of AUM from our stakes in seeds investment which Scott will walk you through in more detail in a little while. And with that, I’ll pass it over to Scott.
Bill Janetschek: Hey, Craig this is Bill. I will take this one. As it relates to the performance in Asia during the second quarter you are right which is pretty strong and as you heard in my prepared remarks we had several monetizations in some of those Asia positions. Interestingly when you take a look at our public holding in our China investments and I ran these numbers on Tuesday our portfolio was only down about 4% and so when you look at where the marks were as of June 30th for those public companies and again based upon the drop in the Asia market again we have solid companies in our product we believe in China and again it was only down about 4%. I also want to point out as I ran the numbers if you take a look at where our publics were as of Tuesday, I am talking about all the public position that are embedded in that 32% that’s Scott mentioned we were up about 4% so that would be positive 4%.
Bill Janetschek: Hey Glenn this is Bill Janetschek, as it relates to the economics on most of those structures take for example Special Sits and Special Sit II Special Sit I which is originally based upon committed capital, Special Sit II it was little more challenging environment to raise on the public market side committed funds and so we went to a model where we were going to get paid on invested capital. The good news is that really when you look at Special Sit I to II it’s really only a timing issue because the management fee that we are going to be able to get on Special Sit II is 1.75% on invested capital as opposed to 1.5% on the original Special Sit, but that’s just one example. As it relates to some of the more strategic partnerships, where we’re raising large amount of capital and we’ve got to be deploying that capital those are very economic trade for us, so there might be slight fee concessions that we give up, but overall it’s a very profitable business for us.
Bill Janetschek: Hey Chris, this is Bill. Very specifically to NAXI what’s ended up happening in a couple of the investments that we’ve made is we’ve actually refinanced those companies and returned that capital to our investors and all you’re saying is, us putting money up closing the investment, seeing early performance go the right way, doing a little bit of refinance and getting money back to our LP sooner.
Bill Janetschek: And Michael, this is Bill. Just a little bit of a follow-up on shadow AUM. We’ve been talking about shadow AUM on the earnings for probably the last couple of years and it’s always been roughly at a range of in between say $4 billion or $5 billion or $6 billion. We saw a significant increase this quarter and what we’ll end up doing is we’re signing commitments, we’re raising capital but it’s not just coming through or AUM or fee paying AUM because of the way we report it. But we wanted to make sure we draw it to your attention the significant capital raising that we’ve had over the last couple of quarters and I hope you find this information useful. Another thing that I want you just take a look at is, if you look at page 15 in that uncalled commitment column a lot of the shadow AUM that we’re talking about on the slide six is actually reflected on that table. So you could see Special Sits II where we’ve got uncalled capital the $1.6 billion that’s part of that shadow AUM.
Bill Janetschek: Great, thanks for the question, Bill. I’d probably separate topics a little bit if it’s right. First let’s talk about deployment, if you look at actually the deployment that we’ve seen across the firm over the course of this year, it’s actually been pretty strong, relative to the first half of last year $4 billion in private markets, this year at $3.3 billion so far that doesn’t include some investments like WMI so if you include those it’s actually closer to $4 billion. So we’ve seen private markets deployment kind of flat to off a little bit after a very active first half last year. And if you look in public markets you can actually see deployments gone up. So for gross dollars invested $1.8 billion first half last year $2.3 billion first half of this year it’s across Direct Lending, mezzanine and special situations. So we continue to find interesting ways to deploy capital, we are being very prudent because valuations have moved up in most markets but if you look at in the markets like Asia where we’ve been active in the number of different areas we’ve been able to find some very interesting opportunities special situations Direct Lending we are finding needs for capital have been active there. I would separate that discussion from the balance sheet question. As we talked about the last several quarters, our model is a bit different than its model that we choose and we like having this marriage of third party AUM with our own balance sheet and our capital markets business because we think it allows us to really monetize our ideas to a much greater extent. And I would actually take the result at this quarter as a proof point as to what the model can generate when we see strong investment performance across all of our different businesses. So if you look at what happen you can we’ve had good investment performance that translated into good performances, carry and balance sheet results and the capital market business intermediated a lot of that was able to generate attractive risk free economics for the most part for the firm. So we kind of view the quarter as saying, here is what it looks like when the model is really working on a number of funds. And we like having our balance sheet as our own largest investor and part of the reason we want to give you this disclosure is we want you to see what we’re doing with the balance sheet. We continue to use it to seed new businesses, scale businesses that we are in and we see it as really an opportunity to help create new product to drive more opportunities for our investment clients and drive more fee paying AUM. So we view it as kind of a virtuous cycle. So our view is that we want to continue to have a large balance sheet, because we are believers in ourselves and our ability to generate investment performance and we want all of us as shareholders to participate in that upside to a greater extent. If you then go on to another implicit question that you asked, which is, dividend policy buyback. As we’ve discussed we have chosen thus far to have all of us as shareholders to participate in our performance through a large payout. So we’ve been paying out 75% to 80% of our cash flow. We’ll continue to access whether that’s the right way for all of us to participate. Obviously, the topic of buyback has come up in prior quarters. Thus far the view has been let’s pay it out in dividend as opposed to doing a buyback, but we’ll continue to access it.
Bill Janetschek: Happy to take it Bryan [ph]. Look I think a couple things. One, let’s start with deployment. As I mentioned that NAXI fund is about 60% invested and committed. They include transactions we’ve announced but haven’t yet closed and so we continue to find interesting opportunities. Valuations in the US are pretty high but we have managed to find some opportunities bit off the run that we find interesting. Two recent ones we announced Mature [ph] which is high note worth life insurance provider and CHI which is a garage door manufacturer. So these aren’t opportunities that you necessarily going to redevelop in the paper but, in most of those situations we’ll deploy $300 million or so of equity which is kind of been in our sweet spot for last several years. So we are finding some interesting opportunities for deployment and as we talked about we are taking advantage of the equity capital markets to facilitate exits as well. In terms of fund raising all I can tell you is that we’d expect to be in market soon to launch the successor to the NAXI Fund and as I mentioned we are pleased, performance have been top quartile so we were finding good ways to get capital to work, we’re pleased with the early results and we’ll be in market soon.
Bill Janetschek: Thanks, Ann. We’ve looked at it. I think the thesis is that there’s some investments that you may want to hold for very long period of time where the returns maybe a bit below traditional private equity fund targets. And it’s something that we’ll continue to look at. If it does become a part of the business I would expect it to be relatively a small part but you know it’s something that we’re assessing and exploring with a partner or two.
Bill Janetschek: Hey, Michael. This is Bill. I’ll take that one. As it relates to the $1.4 billion approximately half of that came through the first quarter and other half came through in the second quarter. And far as disclosure is concerned I would say that because we’ve gotten a lot of emails from a few of the analyst that cover us and they found this quite helpful from a transparency point of view and you just mentioned it as well. I would say that we’re going to continue to report this on a quarterly basis.
Bill Janetschek: Yes, it’s pretty close, it’s not going to be exact but it’s very close to being in the neighborhood of 50-50 on both sides.
Bill Janetschek: Hard to be too specific as it’s going to be based on the opportunities as we see them. We continue to see opportunities in real estate credit, so I’d expect that number will continue to go up. As I mentioned, we are continuing to explore strategic partnerships and liquid alternatives. So you may see us do some more there. But it’s hard to be too precise because it’s based on the opportunities that are coming our way and how the markets evolve.
Bill Janetschek: I’ll give you a pass. But when you talk about management fees, let’s talk about private markets. You could see that there is a slight uptick. A little bit of that is a catch up with regards the E4 fund closing and Infra II but that’s modest. When you look at public markets, you could see slight increases and that’s just assets coming online like its Direct Lending II and Special Sits II so nothing where you would see a reversal of that number in the subsequent quarter. As it relates to monitoring fees we said last quarter that the average run rate on monitoring fees should be approximately $20 million a quarter. You could see that the number in the first quarter was quite large and we talked about a monitoring termination payment from the Boots, Walgreens transaction. In the second quarter we also had two monitoring termination payments one of which was outsize and that was the Biomet, Zimmer transaction. And so you would see those happen episodically but again back to your earlier question the run rate number for modeling purposes should be about 20. As it relates to expenses you could see that the expenses in private markets were and we’re talking about operating expenses were down from $42 million. That really was driven by smaller get deal expenses in private markets. But overall you could see that the expense from the first quarter and I’m talking about total reportable segments went down from 60 to 51. I would say that this is probably a light quarter from an expense point of view and you should think that that number is going to be anywhere in between say 55 and 65 on a quarterly basis.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Chris, it’s Scott. I’m happy to take that one. Yeah look, if you look at slide eight of the deck you’ll see on the left hand side we call out that we have been selling down some of our on balance sheet credit portfolios, CLO and otherwise. And frankly what we’ve seen there is an opportunity to redeploy that capital at higher returns and opportunities like those we lay out on the right hand side of the page. So it’s been somewhat deliberate because we’ve seen valuations and credit move up and so we’ve seen the returns from this point forward go down and we saw opportunities to redeploy at a higher return level. And so it’s hard to say where we’re going to go from here but it has been a deliberate move to bring down credits we’re deploying to other areas.
Scott Nuttall: So Michael, it’s Scott. I guess what I would tell you one of the biggest components of the shadow AUM is our private credit business. And that business as we talked about in our last call has really scaled from $3 billion to now well in excess of $15 billion in the last few years and if you think about the deployment in those strategies if you look at our Direct Lending I or Special Sit I funds you know we’ve been managed to get that money to work in a two to three years kind of timeframe. These funds are going to be larger, would be our expectation and then obviously Direct Lending II is much larger than Direct Lending I but if you think in the two to four-year timeframe that’s probably a reasonable expectation.
Scott Nuttall: Patrick its Scott. I think what I’d like to do is probably aggregate a little bit for you and maybe talk more about that portfolio more broadly.
Scott Nuttall: So our overall private equity portfolio we track this quarterly, has continued to perform quite well. If you look globally last 12 months we’ve had about 8% revenue growth and about 13% EBITDA growth and that’s on the global portfolio. Within that you’d see North America and Asia growing faster than the 13 and Europe growing more slowly but we’ve been quite pleased with the private equity portfolio performance. The Americas private equity portfolio has been performing very well. I would tell you that within the NAXI portfolio it’s been petty broad based, it’s not just one or two companies or one or two industries.
Scott Nuttall: Sure, Patrick. It’s Scott. So a couple of things, stepping back as a reminder let’s just talk about the hedge fund business broadly for a moment. So we really, we really got three or four different components. So as you know we have the KKR Prisma platform where we manage about 11 billion of solutions and fund to funds mandates, we’re creating new product off that platform, we’re direct investment product, so we’ll give you updates on that, those efforts build over time. We mentioned the seed investment that we made in Asia, the Acion Partners investment that I mentioned in the prepared remarks and on the stake side today we really have two. We’ve got in the Nephila which manages about $10 billion and then we have BlackGold which mean is approximately $2 billion so $12 billion in aggregate and we earn approximately 25% of each and so if you take the 25% of the $12 billion, that’s how you get the $2.9 billion on slide seven is part of that bridge. We have taken a different approach to stakes than other which is that we are approaching it much more as a strategic matter. So this is investments that we’re making off our balance sheet and we believe that we have an ability to work with our partners to create new product and deliver solutions to clients that otherwise we can’t deliver with just the products that we manage on a 100% own basis. Both Nephila and BlackGold financially for the firm have performed in line with or in excess of original expectations.
