William J. Janetschek: Thanks, Craig. I'll start with the third thing we need to do well, which is find new investment opportunities. We invested $4.6 billion across the firm and across geographies during the second quarter. Of the $4.6 billion, Public Markets deployment was $2 billion with the majority coming from our direct lending strategy. On the Private Markets side, we invested $2.6 billion. The largest contributor was a new core investment, Heartland Dental. We also deployed approximately $0.5 billion in other private equity strategies with two-thirds of that focused in Asia. Shifting to monetizations, we continue to see a sizable level of exit activity across our PE business. This led to $342 million of realized carried interest for the quarter. As I mentioned in Investor Day, this quarter we completed a number of strategic sales and secondaries. On a blended basis, these PE exits driving realized carry were done at three times our cost. I would also like to highlight that our realized investment income for Q2 was $169 million. This income was driven by several secondaries and strategic sales, together with dividend and interest income. And finally, the last thing we need to do well is use our model of AUM, Capital Markets and balance sheet to capture greater economics for our investors and the firm from all of our activities. This was another active quarter for KCM, with just over $100 million in transaction fees. As Adam Smith and others on our team noted in Investor Day, the breadth and depth of KKR Capital Markets has continued to expand. And a number of case studies were reviewed that highlighted how we use our model to capture more of everything we do. Our acquisition of Upfield, a carve-out of the spreads division of Unilever, is the latest example of this. We were the sole sponsor in this €7 billion enterprise value transaction that required approximately €2 billion of equity. KKR Capital Markets was instrumental in syndicating €1.2 billion of equity to third parties, as well in helping to underwrite and place the debt financing. This model is powerful. It allows the firm to create more economics by facilitating transactions. The economics of the Upfield transaction will be reflected in our Q3 financials. We have announced two additional investments, BMC and Envision, which follow a similar framework. These are expected to close in the back half of the year. We expect Q3 to be another strong quarter for KCM. Page 6 of the supplement summarizes our core fundamentals across the five categories. The power of our model is evident in our results, and we are pleased with the progress and the momentum we're seeing across the firm. And finally, two clarifying items; first, as we discussed on last quarter's call and at Investor Day, the after-tax DE number we reported, $405 million, does not include the impact of $729 million of one-time losses. These losses were realized in relation to the conversion. Recognizing the loss in Q2, we'll save our shareholders cash taxes that they would have had to pay on flow-through income as we were still a partnership at the time of recognition. And as a reminder, these losses have already been reflected in prior quarters in book value and have no meaningful impact on cash. And second, let me spend a minute on Infra. Infra III entered its investment period at the end of Q2. So, the fund is additive to fee-paying AUM this quarter, but there is no management fee. We expect the final close to be in Q3 at approximately $7 billion of LP capital. In total, this will lead to management fee uplift of approximately $80 million on an annual basis and, again, beginning in Q3. And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
William J. Janetschek: This is Bill Janetschek. That's hard to predict. It's a Capital Markets business. So, Capital Markets is driven by the activity of the firm. And so, again, we're not going to be able to predict what the income would be a quarter out or two quarters out as it's a dynamic business.
William J. Janetschek: Hey, Craig. This is Bill Janetschek. As it relates to Infra II going to Infra III, we will be investing in Infra III starting into third quarter. We've already got a signed deal that is not yet closed, and we'll be putting the money to work. When you look at the infrastructure platform and you look historically at the pace of deployment for Infra I and Infra II, you could size that time period is anywhere between three to five years.
William J. Janetschek: And you could put some numbers around that, when you look at where we are today, signed but not yet closed transactions for infrastructure, looking out probably over the next three months is going to be roughly about $600 million of equity.
William J. Janetschek: This is Bill Janetschek. The good news is it's just a rotation out of the 1.0 CLO book into the 2.0 CLO book. And so, a couple of the older CLOs, recall where we had (20:21) more equity invested and so you'll actually see a decline of roughly $90 million, but that has nothing to do with the performance. As a matter of fact, the CLO portfolio was up on the balance sheet about $20 million this quarter.
William J. Janetschek: Sure. When you look at special sits, direct lending, mezzanine, CLOs, leverage credit, all of those categories that make up the credit total that you're referring to on page 9, when you look at the quarter and for the first six months of the year, most of those strategies are actually performing well above benchmark. And so, we're quite pleased with the performance of our credit portfolio, in our funds and on our balance sheet.
William J. Janetschek: And, Patrick, before you ask a question because you're talking about just credit, if you take a look at all of the platforms on our balance sheet for the quarter and for the first six months, all of those platforms are up.
William J. Janetschek: It all depends on the pace of deployment in our funds. So, when we report, in the fund table we show the beginning period and the ending period. And depending on the fund life cycle, some are three, some are four, some are six years. With Infra II, we deployed that capital quicker than the investment period, which is good news. To Craig's earlier point, we saw a lot of opportunity in infra over the last couple of years. And we wish we had a bigger fund, because we could have actually deployed more capital. As it relates to Euro IV going to Euro V, what'll typically happen is once you get about two-thirds through the investment period where at a certain point in time you're about 65% invested, that's when you actually go out and start raising capital for that next fund. And so, that is the case with Euro IV rolling into Euro V.
William J. Janetschek: What we're trying to do is keep the model simple. We have three revenue streams, and we have one compensation load. And what we've said certainly over the last several quarters and we highlighted this at Investor Day is we're focused on keeping that comp number across all of that revenue in low-40s. And when you take into account occupancy and G&A, which usually trends anywhere between 8%, 9%, we've talked about having our operating earnings roughly at 50%. And so that's what we've communicated certainly over the last several quarters. That's what we've actually reported over the last several quarters, and that's what we expect to show prospectively.
William J. Janetschek: No, Michael. I haven't given that number yet, but I knew it was coming. And so, right now as we stand here today, based upon those investments that have been realized or those we expect to realize, and remember we're only three weeks into the next quarter, we're at $175 million of gross realized investment income and gross realized carry.
William J. Janetschek: And, Michael, it all depends on performance and a little bit depends on realization, but probably the simplest way to model this is if you go to page 9, we highlight the categories of those investments on the balance sheet and you can make your own assumptions as to what the rate of return is. But you could assume that so goes our funds, so goes our balance sheet. Most of the capital that we're investing in the balance sheet is also in the fund. And so, you would expect in private equity that those investments would be sold on a run rate of, say, every five years. Credit is obviously more accelerated. So, we can't give you a very specific answer, but generally speaking, nothing different.
William J. Janetschek: It's approximately where it is. The nit-nat is, remember we had some debt on our capital structure that got refinanced. I don't know what you're looking at, but if you're looking at 2017-2018 that it'd be the subtlety. But again, when you think about the number that you're seeing in the second quarter, it should be approximately that number.
William J. Janetschek: Right now no change in thought from when we had this conversation on the last quarter call. Right now we say that the tax rate was roughly 7% and over time will grow to 22%. We do have these tax benefits by stepping up assets on the balance sheet and our carry as well as having a goodwill number that we're going to be able to amortize over a 15-year period. And you could see that in this quarter, but remember it's just this quarter. The effective tax rate was really actually even lower, it was about 4%. But you should think of when you're modeling this for anywhere in-between 7% starting in the third quarter, which should migrate to 10% probably throughout the next fiscal year. But again, if anything happens to the assumptions that we have that change that, we'll certainly communicate that before we actually have to tell you why it's happened.
William J. Janetschek: That is correct. Right now we're showing true management fees in that line, and we're showing the incentive fees in that separate line. And that's why you could see, if you look into page 7, you'd see actually incentive fees in 2018, both for the quarter and for the first half of the year, higher than what we reported. And a lot of that has to do with Franklin Square coming on board.
William J. Janetschek: And what we did from a planning perspective is that we had several investments, mostly in energy and credit, that over the course of several years had been written down significantly. There was really no opportunity for any increase in value, and so from a planning perspective, we took the opportunity to sell these investments and recognize that loss. And it's nothing other than that, but again the whole premise around this was around just tax planning.
William J. Janetschek: Sure. And what you're referring to is something that we called out certainly at Investor Day for those of you who weren't at Investor Day or have read that presentation. But the punch line is we have a lot of investments that have been investing for just a few years. And so, all of these platforms are relatively new, like healthcare growth and TMT growth. And it's going to take some time to actually see the fruits of the labor as we ramp up those platforms. And in addition, let's not forget, in that AUM number now the large flagship funds like North America XII and Asia III, where we've got significant capital to deploy and then have that monetization. And so, when you look at the – and this would be for reference – on page 218 in the investor presentation, this is something we're really excited about, because what we're trying to drive home is that 25% of the AUM is driving 91% of the realized performance income. And so, when you look at all the other categories, where to use a baseball analogy and not a hockey analogy, we are talking about being in early innings in these strategies. And so, we're really excited about it.
Scott Charles Nuttall: Thank you, Bill. And thank you, everyone, for not only joining the call today, but also for joining our Investor Day earlier this month. We enjoyed taking a deeper dive into our business with you. Given the detailed nature of those presentations, I'm going to keep it short today, and reiterate the four key takeaways on page 7 that Joe and I discussed at Investor Day. One, our industry is growing and we're taking share. The alternative asset management industry is large, and has been growing at double-digit rates over the last 10 years. Within that very attractive industry dynamic, we're taking share, driven by diversification of both products and geographies. We're growing our assets under management at over 20% in a market that's growing 12%. Two, our model of third-party AUM plus balance sheet plus Capital Markets is differentiated from our peers. As Bill mentioned earlier when he hit on KCM's growth and specifically the Upfield example, our unique model gives us the opportunity to create and compound shareholder value substantially and sustainably. Three, many of our businesses are young, inflecting and they operate in large end markets. Our U.S. private equity business is our one mature business, with most of our businesses started in the last 10 years. This points to significant and global opportunities for growth with scale benefits. Infrastructure's a great example of this, with our infra fund growing from $1 billion to $3 billion to $7 billion over the past seven years. And finally, we're committed to equity value creation. Our alignment of interest is absolute, as KKR employees own or control about 40% of our stock. We believe our recent change to a C-Corp is an important milestone for unlocking that value. Although it's still very early, we're pleased with the significantly increased dialogue around our stock, and we're enjoying building relationships with a broader group of investors. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Scott Charles Nuttall: And the only thing I'd say, Ben, is that with Franklin Square's capital in-house on the private credit side, we can now make even larger underwritings and we think be even more competitive at the large end where we think the risk/reward is particularly attractive. And we do think all else equal it will allow us to have even more third-party syndication fee revenue coming out of Capital Markets. And you're right to point to the large private equity transactions we've announced, but that's a bit separate from what we're doing in Franklin Square.
Scott Charles Nuttall: To be clear, this is all good news, right? Because new fund turns on, old fund's still paying us fees based on remaining invested capital, so it's a net increase in our fee revenue from this dynamic.
Scott Charles Nuttall: So, there's not realized gain expectation embedded within that statement. You should expect us to be in the low-40s. That's really what we're telling you kind of as an absolute measure, almost regardless.
Scott Charles Nuttall: And as a reminder, Michael, we're going to give you an update on that as we get through the quarter as things progress.
Scott Charles Nuttall: Yeah, I guess there's really two ways to answer that, Alex. First is FS obviously brings to us a significant expansion of our private credit platform, which also feeds our third-party Capital Markets business. So, I think in the first instance what we're focused on doing is deploying that incremental capital well and as I mentioned, going out and really leaning into situations that we like. So, you'll see us financing larger companies where we think the risk/reward is more attractive, and that's allowing us and we've seen it already even though we just closed not long ago, we've seen already the ability to step up for larger transactions, which also feeds the syndication machine. So, so far so good. It's also allowing us to think about how do we further expand the platform around private credit with our partners at FS, how can we create incremental BDC capacity in partnership with them and that also allows us to also scale our private funds business alongside. So, I think we kind of went from number eight to number one or two in private credit globally, and scale begets scale in that business and I think it feeds both AUM and Capital Markets fees. But the second way to answer your question is around what it does for us in retail. Franklin Square, obviously, has a history of distributing to the retail investor. It just so happens our partnership with them today is focused on the BDC channel and private credit, but we think there are many opportunities for us to expand outside of private credit with our new partners. And so, we're talking about a variety of different product areas where we can create vehicles together to broaden our retail presence in partnership with them. So, it really is both on credit and on retail, and in addition obviously expanding materially our permanent capital. So, it's got a lot of different dimensions to it.
Scott Charles Nuttall: But I'd say some of these – it's not like it's years out, some of this is relatively imminent, and we're actually starting to see realizations out of several of those vehicles on that page. So, it's not something that you're going to have to wait years for. Some of this is coming quite soon.
Scott Charles Nuttall: So, Devin, I think the way you should think about it is, we have not – as long as we have performance, we have not seen meaningful fee compression on an apples-to-apples basis. So, if it's a longer-term, more opportunistic strategy, we really haven't seen a lot of compression in our business. Where we have, and we talked about this before, agreed to reduce fees as if we get serious scale from investors or serious longevity. So, some of these recycling strategic partnerships, but the aggregate revenue outcome's greater. As we mentioned in Investor Day, we see growth opportunities across the firm. We mentioned several of our different platforms that we've created in the last 2 to 10 years where we think we can double, triple, quadruple, or more from a growth standpoint. And as we look at the opportunity set, we think it is significant virtually everywhere we look, but we are not looking at it saying for every dollar of capital we raise, we're going to have to think about big fee pressures. I think you will see a little bit of mix. I mean, obviously if we raise leveraged credit capital, that comes in at a lower fee than healthcare growth capital. But ignoring the mix changes over time, we see a lot of opportunities for growth in the fee line. And we'll keep you posted as we see the capital-raising progress across different strategies. So, within this strategy, no real change. It's really a question of how quickly do we grow different pieces.
Scott Charles Nuttall: That's a good question, Mike. But, look, I think what we've seen and it's not just been since the crisis, we obviously saw good growth in the industry pre-crisis as well. I think it is definitely a secular shift as opposed to a cyclical one. And, well, it's been not just, as you know, the traditional longer-term investors in alternatives, there's been a serious expansion of the pools of capital that invest in alternatives on a global basis. So, we've seen dramatic growth, we've talked a lot about sovereign wealth funds, more recently insurance and retail, but also high-net worth investors and family offices. And so, the types of investors have grown materially. We do not think that's a cyclical phenomenon, we think that's a secular one. And they are focused on asset allocation and it has really become a big part of the conversation of how much of a portfolio should be invested in alternatives. That was not nearly as predominant part of the conversation 10, 15 years ago. And we don't think that's going to shift based on what happens with interest rates. And if you think, there's a lot of things that we do that are somewhat tied to interest rates. Look at our private credit platform as an example, that's a LIBOR-plus return stream. There's a lot of things that we're doing that actually benefit as rates go up, and we've had that conversation with investors. They see it's an illiquidity premium, but it's a premium to a floating rate. So, the short answer is we think it's secular and we have only seen it strengthen. And as rates have started to move, there's been no abatement whatsoever.
Scott Charles Nuttall: Look, I think it's a really good question. The later cycle comment I'd say is true in the U.S. But remember, we have a global business and a global team. So, as a reminder for everybody, more than half of our investment professionals at the firm are outside the United States. So, we think it's not nearly as late cycle in Europe. And then obviously, Asia is a huge opportunity for us, not only in terms of private credit where we're focused on launching a business more formally this year, but also across real estate where we see a big opportunity, infrastructure over time as well. So, I think the first answer to your question is to focus on globalizing what we're doing in credit and private credit, in particular. And we see a big opportunity to do that. And so that helps us find new opportunities for growth on a global scale. Obviously, with respect to the U.S. part of the answer, what you focus on doing is making sure you're financing businesses that perform well in a late cycle environment. And you do your underwritings presuming that you're going to be lending to a company through some kind of a pullback which, as a reminder, we think is a relatively shallow one probably starting in 2020. But we're focused on pricing transactions assuming that we're going to be entering that kind of environment. And even with that overlay, we're finding a lot to do.
Scott Charles Nuttall: Well, I think it kind of depends, Patrick, on which strategy you're talking about. I think as an example, in our infrastructure platform, we have experienced the same phenomenon. The Infrastructure I fund had lower fee and carry than Infrastructure II and III, and so we've kind of earned the right to improve the economics for ourselves in that platform. And sometimes what we'll do when we're creating a new business is we'll go to market with something that is a bit lower fee and carry, and then earn our way into getting to a higher outcome. And that's really what happened with infrastructure. I've got no reason to believe that we don't have the opportunity to do that in other places. So, I think it is something that we'll update you from time to time. I think private equity or more established strategies, probably less likely, but some of the younger businesses, that can happen.
Scott Charles Nuttall: Yeah. On the strategic partnership front, several conversations ongoing. As we've talked about in the past, Gerald, it takes time to get one of these formed. So, nothing to announce today, but we'll keep you posted as conversations progress. But I would say as a general matter, we continue to make progress, talking to investors who want to do more with fewer. So, kind of broader-based multiproduct mandates is something that's become more the norm in a conversation than the exception, and that trend continues. The real question in terms of strategic partnerships of how many of those can you do large scale with recycling and multi-asset class, and that's something that we are quite focused on as a firm and actually have a team dedicated around that effort now, and that was not the case a couple years ago. So, we see there's so much opportunity, we've actually created a dedicated team to get after it. I'd say more broadly, in terms of the fund-raising environment, it continues to be quite strong. A lot of interest in what we're doing, and we have a lot of opportunities in the market today and several slated to be launched over the next 6 to 12 months.
Scott Charles Nuttall: Thanks for the question. Look, there is, we think, significant opportunity for continued growth. As we shared in Investor Day, we've seen a lot of growth in the last few years since we created this strategic partnership. And the fun thing about it is we think that we're just getting started. There's lots of opportunities globally with respect to new product creation and distribution channels. I was actually having a conversation this morning with our partner there about the opportunities for growth from here, and we think they're significant. And as a reminder, this obviously has been a big opportunity for us. It's helped us grow our AUM and our fee-related profits and at nearly $40 billion give or take now, we still think there's meaningful upside from here.
Craig Larson: Just before we begin with questions, if we could ask everyone to ask one question and then one follow-up, that would be helpful for us in making sure we work our way through the queue.
Craig Larson: Yeah. Sure, Ben. It's Craig. So, I had mentioned just in the remarks the numbers were – it was 6.7% for the PE portfolio as a whole for the three-month period.
Craig Larson: And, Craig, just on the backdrop and the opportunity set, I think it's interesting when you reflect back on 2017 more specifically. We syndicated more capital than we invested in our funds, and it wasn't because we didn't like the investment, it was because we felt undersized against what's really just an enormous opportunity. And I think as we look at deal flow today and the opportunity set, again, it's just an enormous opportunity that we're excited about over the long term.
Craig Larson: Look, Craig, so we're in the very early days as it relates to where we are as a C-Corp, and we'll have an opportunity to evaluate that in the spring of next year, and we'll see where we are and we'll keep everybody updated. As I'd said, as I think about the opportunity for us to expand shareholders, I think – I put them in three buckets, I think there's a great opportunity for us to expand our penetration within those firms that know us, but we're only appropriate for a fraction of the assets within those complexes. The second of those are new investors and the new opportunities, and it continues to feel to me like we're only scratching the surface as it relates to that opportunity. And then, the third piece of that really relates to the passive opportunity. We've sized that amount as we think at least 20 million shares initially, and again we'll see how we progress over time. But to me the real driver, I think, is actually going to be in the first two of those buckets as opposed to the third.
Craig Larson: I think, Patrick, if you were to look at the high yield index, the HFRX special sits index and the LSTA, both for the quarter as well as on a year-to-date basis, the blended balance sheet performance over both those periods is ahead of all three of those.
Craig Larson: And we don't – Andrew, it's Craig. I'd just say as a final point on page 4, we do note when you look at compensation and benefits as a percentage of total revenues, it was 40% for Q2 as well as over the trailing 12 months.
Craig Larson: And, Chris, I know we've talked about this, but again those are already recognized in the market to book value per share as that's been reported over time. No cash impact, et cetera.
Craig Larson: And then, Devin, I appreciate the question and the way you framed it in terms of the long term. Just for specificity to highlight, in this quarter you would have seen that blended fee rate actually tweak down marginally in private markets. And the dynamic you saw there actually relates to infrastructure most specifically where we had all of that AUM turn on at June 30, but we didn't have any of the management fees over the course of the quarters. So, again, appreciate the long-term answer, but just wanted to highlight that as it related to the quarter itself.
Craig Larson: Thanks, Valerie. Thank you, everybody, again for joining us in early July and also on this call. We look forward to giving you updates next quarter. If you have any questions, please circle up with us, of course, over the course of the day.
