Craig Larson: Thank you, Andrew. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. As usual, I'm joined by Bill Janetschek, our CFO; and Scott Nuttall, Global Head of Capital and Asset Management. We would like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our press release. This call will also contain forward-looking statements, which do not guarantee future events or performance. And please refer to our SEC filings for cautionary factors related to these statements. This morning, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. Economic net income per unit was $0.05 in the fourth quarter and $1.84 for the full year. Turning to our cash metrics, we reported fee and yield earnings of $208 million for the fourth quarter and $733 million for the full year, which is up 69% year-over-year. Total distributable earnings were $376 million in Q4 and $2 billion for the year, which translates into $0.44 of distributable earnings per unit net of taxes for the quarter and $2.47 per unit for all of 2014, which is 25% above the full year figure for 2013. And in terms of the distribution, we have announced our fourth quarter distribution per unit of $0.35, which brings our full year distribution to $1.90 per unit, which is up 36% from the $1.40 per unit we distributed in 2013. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Bill, to discuss our performance in more depth. And then Scott is going to walk you through how we think about this performance in the context of our 2014 results.
Craig Larson: Thanks, Andrew. Just looking on the screen, we have quite a few people in the queue, so if everyone could please ask only one question and then get back into the queue, if you have any follow-ups, would be helpful.
Craig Larson: Yes, sure. Look I think Mike if you look at when you think through carry funds and when you look at invested capital within the real assets, you actually see, the largest component of that is our infrastructure investments. It's actually a little over half of that total amount of invested capital. And so one of other stats that Scott had talked about in terms of the script, and the performance of the infrastructure was highlighting that infrastructure, those investments were actually up 13% in 2014. So what we actually have, when you compare that versus the balance sheet on Page 11, is you do see little bit of a mix. So when you look on Page 11, you see that we're more heavily skewed in terms of the balance sheet investments more towards direct energy as opposed to the infrastructure piece. So I think that probably is the central thing as it relates to the difference you're seeing.
Craig Larson: If I were to just add on in terms of some of the other broad trends that we're thinking of when we look at the fund raising numbers, I guess, I'd point to four things within that. It was certainly an active for us and we raised a little over $14 billion in fee paying AUM. First point, I'd say, is really the breadth and diversity, which I think you got a good sense of from Scott. Only about 10% of that actually came from one of our benchmark private equity funds, because we were fund raising for North America or Asian private equity, so that only includes that initial close from Europe IV. And when you look at that, about $9 billion of it came from public markets, which almost definitionally are newer strategies for us, that's up from $7.9 billion a year before. Second thing is on Europe IV, which we've spoken about, but we're pleased to have the first closing on E-IV. And Bill mentioned that the $1.6 that's in the numbers with subsequent closings were at $2.3 billion, or if you include employees at about $2.5 billion. So that's nice to see. Third point, and this is actually an important one, is one of the things we talked about for some time is the scaling of our first-time funds. And the opportunity that we have with performance to scale these, and there are some good data point. So Infra I was $1 billion fund. Infra II we've now raised to and we're working towards the final close of $2.5 billion to $3 billion. Direct Lending II, we've held a second close and we're already at 2.5x Fund I. Special Situations II, early days, we're pleased with our progress. And obviously Special Situations, as a strategy, has been among our best performing. Special Sits I was up 24% in the year. And then the fourth thing, are those additional statistics. The number of LP is up 19%, it's a great stat. We see continued flows into CCT or private BC, which as of yearend was just over $3 billion, and that's all with shadow AUM, as Bill talked about, being at about $6 billion. So you put that altogether, and I think it's a good story.
Craig Larson: Yes, sure. Bill, look given the recent articles in the press and let me answer things, your first point in terms of regulatory environment and the backdrop of that generally, before we talk about things like fee pressures. Given the recent articles in the press, specifically on the topic of some refunds to our LPs, we thought a question like this might come up, but to add, I thought it'd be helpful to add some thoughts. First, we have interactions with various regulators and this includes the SEC, where our dialogs are ongoing. And as I know you'll appreciate, we don't plan to detail these on a call. In terms of these recent articles, we refunded about $800 million to our LPs in early 2014, and that was in connection with a routine SEC exam in 2013 of one of our registered investor advisors. Now, the majority of this amount related to the allocation of expenses, between what we call our flagship private equity funds and co-investment in other vehicles that invest alongside of those funds. We can't comment now on what additional developments may occur on this in the future, but we look at our reserve each quarter, and as of yearend believe we're adequately reserved for our legal risks. Obviously, if and when, there are any material updates, we disclose them as you'd expect is appropriate. And on this topic, unfortunately, there really isn't much else beyond this that we're going to be able to comment on other than saying, look, certainly we take our fiduciary responsibilities to our fund LPs very seriously. So these types of issues are very important to us.
Craig Larson: Thank you, everybody, for listening to the call. To the extent you have any follow-up questions, please naturally follow-up with us directly and we'll speak with you next quarter.
William Janetschek: I'll give you just a little more color around the distribution for '15. It's hard to predict, but as you did mentioned, I mean one of the main reasons why we did that KFN transaction was to have that more recurring distribution component, and so as you know in the third quarter that amounted to $0.18, and in the fourth quarter it was $0.18 as well. And so hopefully, based upon continue to perform, that would be a more regular component of our distribution. Then added to that would be these realizations, so we mentioned the Boots transaction as well Fotolia, but what we also have in the Q when we made this comment either last quarter or the quarter before was we are seeing some strategic opportunities and we announced the Zimmer-Biomet transaction and that is expected to close probably in the second quarter. And if you might have noticed, a week ago we announced a Big Heart Pet Brands transaction with Smucker's where that is a part cash part stock transaction. And once that monetizes, from the cash side, targeted in the second quarter that will add to the recurring, hopefully as we have more of these sales either strategic or secondary throughout 2015. Also, want to point out, if you look at our private equity portfolio, right now about 20% is in public securities, and now that we have the Boots Walgreen's transaction pro forma for that, it's about 30%. So during the quarter, if the secondary market is available, we also have ways to monetize some of our positions that way.
William Janetschek: Some of that was performance and some of that is just recurring distributions from the assets that we're managing. Obviously, you said it, that to the extent that that portfolio gets larger, and we're generating the same return, that distribution will be higher quarter-over-quarter. But there really isn't anything big embedded in that number, which would be something I'd want to call out.
William Janetschek: I'll take this first. So when you look at energy, you are right, you can see the cost going up by roughly a $100 million-plus. That's really from two of the strategies in our energy platform. One is, what we call PDP, proved developed producing, and we've actually invested roughly about $60 million in that strategy with FDL, a new relationship we have in that space. And then the other $40 million-plus is investments that we're making side-by-side with the energy income growth fund, in what I would say, drilling assets.
William Janetschek: And so the number that I gave you as far as that distribution, the $0.20, I mentioned, is just in relationship to the cash. I mentioned in prepared remarks that when the transaction closed in second step, 70% was in stock and 30% was in cash. And so the number I gave you just represents that 30% tranche.
William Janetschek: I think the general philosophy that we've implemented is one of thinking about how do we generate a very attractive cash return on equity by deploying our balance sheet and raising third-party capital side-by-side, so the general approach we've taken is to look at the cash ROE of every single investment that we make. And we if we can generate as an example an investment opportunity, which we think can have a 15% return, and we can raise capital alongside, that investment that pays us a fee and a carry, if you take the 15% and you have the fee and the carry attached, you get to a 20%-plus cash return on equity by investing our capital side by side with our limited partners. And so our balance sheet doesn't work in competition with our limited partners. There's no prop team at KKR, it really just invests alongside our limited partners. And so that's the approach that we've taken and we focus on generating an attractive cash ROE and have a diversified set of exposures. And as you look at Page 11 of the press release you'll see how we've diversified the book across our different asset classes. But the simple way to think about it is our balance sheet is our own largest investor in everything that we do. What we have been doing is also operating the business with some liquidity and some liquid investments where we can access more liquidity. So to your point, when we see dislocations like we're seeing right now in the energy space, we can rotate capital into those opportunities, both to be able to capitalize on short-term investments that we think are attractive and also to see new strategies that allow us to hopefully accelerate the third-party capital raising that allows us to exploit the opportunity, and so that's how we've been approaching it. The KFN transaction gave us more capital, with which to implement that strategy and more liquidity with which to do as well. And so, so far it's behaving as expected.
William Janetschek: Before we actually go into fund redemptions and distributions, I just want to highlight that we actually did raise $2.2 billion during the quarter just in public market, and that came from the mix of additional capital being raised in special situations as well as CLOs, Direct Lending II, and we actually raised about $400 million in that number for Prisma. What you see on the distribution side is, and I'll give you a high-level component, we had a maturity of a CLO for $600 million. We actually have now committed funds on the public market side and as we sell those investments and we return both gain and cost, you see that reduction as well, and that's a component of that distribution of roughly about $300 million. But more to your point, we actually saw redemptions in Prisma of about $900 million this quarter. I do want to point out, though, that in the first quarter, we actually saw an inflow coming in for Prisma in the first week of $400 million. So when you think about it, and that's why I went through the contribution as well, it's $300 million in the fourth quarter plus another $400 million in the first couple of weeks in the first quarter of '15 with redemptions of $900 million. So we lost a little capital to manage, but still feel quite optimistic about the Prisma strategy.
William Janetschek: And Michael, just really quickly, when you think about performance fees and you talk about balance sheet, you see an increase in performance in PE, and so that's going to drive the performance fee. However, when you take a look at the two assets that we're managing, third-party capital, KNR and its energy income, both of those funds, energy income is pretty close to cost, it's a new strategy. KNR is actually below cost. And so as those assets are marked down for the capital that we're managing, you're not going to see that hit our performance fee. So as Scott mentioned, when you look at balance sheet performance, we made money in PE that was offset by energy. When you look at our performance fee, we still carry on our PE, but didn't have the write-down with respect to any sort of performance fee offset on those energy assets.
William Janetschek: Devin, this is Bill. I'll tackle the first part of that question which is transaction fees. You are right, the transaction fees this particular quarter in private markets was pretty light, owing to the fact that we deployed only approximately $800 million in the quarter, and of that $800 million only $300 million came from private equity. We did deploy capital in energy, and in energy we typically don't take a transaction fee. And that's why, even though you're looking at $800 million number, the ability to take a transaction fee is actually even on a much lower number. As it relates to the first quarter, second quarter, we generally don't give a lot of guidance, but we do have several investments that we have signed either in the fourth quarter or the first month of 2015. And I would say that the total enterprise value of those transactions is roughly about $2 billion. So as those investments close, you'll see the transaction fees flow through our P&L. As it relates to capital market, I'll turn that over to Scott.
William Janetschek: As relates to fee pressure, remember, keep in mind that at KKR, transaction to monitoring fees either gets shared with your LPs, 80% to the LP or 20% to KKR or we also have an option where LPs could pay us an incremental amount of management fee and they could capture 100% on the transaction monitoring fees. And so when you think about fee pressure, taking a fee or not taking a fee, when you're selling an investment where if it's profitable investment its going 80/20, as opposed to you taking the transaction fee or monitoring fee, where again the economic is going to 80/20, its really not applicable to KKR, because of the fee sharing arrangements that we currently have and will continue to have with our LPs.
Scott Nuttall: I think if you break it into individual components, the overall credit performance we've had continues to be top cortile versus across virtually every strategy we managed. And so we can see a good fund raising pipeline for our credit efforts. We mentioned the Direct Lending II closed, Special Situations II is in the market, and we've actually been very active issuers in the CLO market as well. So I would take the marks in Q4 as moment in time marks. The overall loan market was down in Q4, so if you look through the credit marks, we're about $17 million right down in our CLO book. Given, we have about at $1.5 billion give or take of CLO exposure on the balance sheet, that's 4 to 5 points in the quarter. Most of which frankly is explained by just the market trading off a bit, given the leverage in those underlying structures. So credit, I'd say, a good fund raising pipeline and we are optimistic about our ability to scale in that business both in the CLO front and alternative front. In energy, you really have to break it into its component parts. The strategies that led to the mark down in the quarter are relatively small strategies for us in terms of our third-party AUM. So you're really talking about our energy income and growth fund, which is about 25% invested, so we have a lot of dry powder to invest into this dislocation. And we think that that is going to provide us with some very interesting return opportunities on a go-forward basis. And if you look at the portfolio broadly across our direct energy exposure, even the $700 million or so direct energy that we have on balance sheet, that portfolio was really down net 15% for the year. So we generated a lot of cash flow. We had some positive marks in prior quarters. So if you isolate Q4, obviously you get one answer, but I think if you look for the whole year, you get a different one. And our perspective is that we feel pretty well-positioned, given how much dry powder we have across the franchise in energy.
Scott Nuttall: Just one thing to add on, just to clarify. So if you look at Page 11, which you brought us to, really energy shows up in a couple of places. First, is in the private equity section. So if you look at the funds, energy is about 3% of our look-through exposure for our balance sheet in the private equity funds, direct energy. If you look at the co-invest line, which you see shows up at about $3.1 billion of fair value, energy is less than 1% of that co-invest line. And to be clear, Samson is now held at $0.05 on the $1, and so that's been written down over the course of the last 18-plus months, so that economic write-off is largely behind us. And then the other place it obviously shows up is the $695 million we have in the direct energy line in that table, which really is a combination of the assets that builds up.
Scott Nuttall: So I think here is how we think about it. Let's focus on the CLOs first. As I mentioned, we've got about a $1.5 billion of our balance sheet in CLO equity, its combination of newer transactions and then older runoff books, so they're levered at about 5.5x on average. And in Q4, what you really saw was, as I mentioned, the $70 million write-down, which equates to 4 to 5 points in the quarter. That same portfolio generated about $40 million of cash flow in the quarter, which is inline with our expectations. So think of it as about $30 million net. So the mark-to-market, most of that was market movements. So if the loan market is off 50 basis points or 60 basis points and you think about sitting underneath 5.5x leverage, you can get a sense for how much comes from just the market trading off on broad basis, but also there is some positions that frankly we like more than the market, and the market traded down a bit in the quarter and that explains the rest. But we are still believers in those underlying names. For the total year, the CLO performance has been very strong. We generated $120 million of cash flow from the CLO portfolio for the eight months, since the KFN acquisition closed. So if you think about that on a cash yield basis, its about 11.5% cash yield for the year. So I'd say, overall that KFN portfolio, including the CLO equity has cash flowed in excess of our expectation since closing. In terms of the non-CLO exposure, there is really nothing too much to point to. There is one or two investments that have derivative exposure to the energy markets that we think appropriately, and we think ultimately, hopefully will prove to be conservative. It's a moment in time, none of that's realized. What we're really focused on is the cash flow that we're getting from that overall book, which overall credit portfolio last year generated about a 9% cash yield with the CLOs we talked about and alternative credit performing quite well. More broadly on CLOs, Brian, I think one thing that we are focused on, and I think particularly optimistic about, is with the risk-retention rules being adopted in Europe and the U.S. our balance sheet strategy we think positions us well.
Scott Nuttall: Yes, we think we have an opportunity to grow that business and also generate more third-party fee paying capital with the equity that we have exposed to that business. So we could actually, hopefully, overtime raise more third-party assets against the equity that we have underneath these CLOs. So we were quite busy as an issuer last year and I think you'll continue to see us be active this year.
Scott Nuttall: I'd be happy to take you through it. So let's maybe go through it. This is the high-level first, then I'll take you through kind of by business. I'd say the economic picture in Europe is a bit more positive than it's been, right. So we've got low oil, low euro, expansionary monetary policy, consumer sentiments seems to be getting a bit better, and so the overall macro picture feels a bit better. The risk is obviously much more political, but we think a lot of that's priced in. We're seeing opportunities in private equity. We need to be selective, given that the markets are competitive, but we're seeing opportunities there. And where we see a big opportunity is in private credit in Europe, which I'll come back in a minute to how we're thinking about that. So a lot of opportunities coming out of the low oil price particularly, benefiting our credit business. Real estate, both continent and Germany are also attractive and so we're continuing to be quite active on the ground in Europe. To your question about how are we set up to be able to take advantage of the opportunity, it's in the few different ways. First, it pertains to our private equity business. And so we had finished investing our Europe III funds last year and we're in the process of raising Europe IV. Bill mentioned where we stand in terms of that capital raise, but where we are today x investment from employees is about $2.3 billion, give or take that we've raised thus far for Europe IV. And we have been seeding that fund on the balance sheet and doing some investments on balance sheet that are getting dropped into that fund now that we've had our first closing. If you think across private markets we are also investing in Europe through our infrastructure funds, and so we've got available capital in Infra II, where we've thus far closed on $2 billion. We've also been investing there through our real estate funds. And our first real estate fund has actually filled this European basket, and so we've been quite busy. And as I mentioned, we'll be raising some money for real estate Europe in a dedicated format and before then we'll probably be doing some of those transactions on balance sheet for dropping those down into a fund. If you go into the credit side of the business, we have quite a bit of available capital. Our special situation strategy has an ability to invest heavily in Europe. And if you look at the first Special Sits fund, it was a significant area of investment for that fund, which has performed very nicely so far. We're raising a European direct lending vehicle, because we think the private credit opportunity is so significant. And then overtime I think we'll have our other alternative credit pools that will allow us to access the opportunity on the ground. So we think we're particularly well-situated. We've got the teams in Europe working together cross-functionally and cross-asset class to take advantage of the opportunity. And we'll be judicious, but we have capital to take advantage of what we think will be an interesting few years.
Scott Nuttall: Think of it as similar to our U.S. direct lending strategy. So it's largely going to be middle-market corporates that have good companies, bad capital structures, their traditional lending institutions are busy elsewhere. And so we've been able to build some of those relationships and step-in on the private credit front, but think of it as mid-market corporates largely.
Scott Nuttall: The only thing I'd add Robert is, look, I think a lot of that, the Prisma number, is just timing. Actually, it was the same investor for a lot of the money that redeemed out of one place in their structure and invested new money out of another. It just so happened, the redemption fell in Q4 and the investment is following in Q1. So I think that's probably why it looks a little elevated relative to what you would expect.
Scott Nuttall: That's a great question, Patrick. I think house view -- no, we're not in the business of predicting commodity prices per se. But I will give you a little bit of color that it does feel to us like we're in the second inning in terms of how this is playing out, and so we're being cautious. As I mentioned, we've kind of organized this internal swat team across businesses and across geographies to make sure that we're attacking this holistically. I think one of the ways to make sure you're not catching a falling knife is focus on where you're investing in the capital structure. And so the two areas where we've been most busy thus far is in private credit, where largely the opportunities are of the second lien variety. So you're behind a first, but you're still somewhat secured. And we feel that a lot of the structures that we're going to be able to put in place, they will protect us against a commodity price path that's very hard to predict. So we're trying to move up the capital structure. And the other thing that we're doing is working on drilling partnerships, where there are some market participants who have drilling rights and don't have access to the capital to actually begin the drilling, and without drilling they'll lose the rights. And so we think we can structure those deals as well to protect ourselves relative to the underlying commodity. Really, if you look back, I mean 2012 through 2014 was largely a time to sell into the energy froth, and now we're kind of viewing it as largely a good time to invest, but we want to be cautious about how we do it. So we're making sure we're doing it in a way where we're protected.
Scott Nuttall: I'd say a couple of comments. One, we have been investing heavily in building out our relationships around the world. We finished the year with about, literally, 824 investors. That was up about 19% year-over-year. We've kind of got a cross-sell stat that is still 1.6 products per investor. That has actually held quite steady over the course of the last few years, which if you think about it, is hard to keep it steady if you're adding all these investors, usually with one product. So we've been able to keep it at 1.6x. And hopefully we can continue to achieve that or grow it. If you look at some of our bigger investors, our biggest investors actually on average have between 3.5 and 4 products with us. And so we think there's a lot of opportunity on that cross-sell statistic. Another statistic we look at is what percent of our investors are actually in more than one product with us today, which is just another way of looking at the progress we're making. And there again, we see a lot of opportunity. We have about a-third of our investors in more than one product, so if you think about that 1.6, it's heavily concentrated in the third, and then we have two-thirds that are in one product with us. So we think that we have a lot of opportunity to continue to increase the total number of investors we have and also increase the number of products that we're selling to the investors that do trust us today. In terms of the LP set and how it's shifting, a couple comments on that. I think we have always enjoyed great relationships with pension funds in the United States. We continue to see a lot of support from that group, which we're grateful for. But if you look at kind of where we've seen a couple of developing trends, one has been sovereign wealth funds. So there has been more activity in Asia, Middle East, parts of Europe, in that regard. And then also, the retail or the individual investor, those high net worth mass affluent. And on that statistic, it's worth sharing, over the last two years, just shy of 20% of the money we raised, I think it's 19% of the money we've raised globally, has come from individuals, direct high net worth and through platforms. And so we continue to see that opportunity continue to grow. So I would say overall, the global set is increasing. And number of investors around the world, if you look where we raise money, has become increasingly global, and it's moved from just institutions to institutions and individuals.
Scott Nuttall: Yes, Devin, it's hard to give you much guidance on the capital markets revenues frankly. To think about the business, 70% last year was related to KKR deal activity and 30% was our third-party business. So it's going to move in line with frankly our deal activity as a firm, private equity and other asset classes, and also how we do in terms of continuing to build relationships with third-parties. We've invested in origination capabilities on the third-party front, so we're hopeful we can continue to scale our efforts there. But it is very difficult to give you any sense for where things go until we see how the pipeline develops and how deal activity develops for the firm through the course of this year. But we'll keep you updated in terms of color.
Scott Nuttall: We don't have a target, Bill, per se. And as you know, we don't share guidance or our budgets. I think what I would point to is a couple of things. One, as we talked about, there is an increasing percentage of our cash flow, which is now something that you can more or less count on quarter-to-quarter. And if you look at that fee and yield earnings statistic that we shared with you, that $0.18 that we shared, we think that is something to continue to stay focused on, and we're focused on continuing to grow that. So the baseline of recurring cash we have will continue to grow. And so that's something that we're quite focused on as a firm. The second thing that I would point you to is how our private equity portfolios continue to mature. Over 50% of our private equity portfolio is now marked at 1.5x cost or more. That statistic continues to increase quarter-to-quarter, which is something that we watch, and that should provide us with more opportunities for exits on a go-forward basis, which obviously will also contribute to the cash ROE. And as a consequence of the maturation of the private equity portfolio, it's also the case that our private equity portfolio on our balance sheet is continuing to mature. So it's very hard to predict, as I say, quarter-to-quarter or even completely year-to-year with respect to where cash is going to come from. But if you look for 2014, and this is the metric we focus most on, our cash flow, our TDE was $2 billion, and that was up 40% from 2013. And it's really come from a variety of different places, fee and yield, carry, balance sheet gains. And we're hopeful that, as we continue to implement our strategy of balance sheet, capital markets and third-party capital, we'll continue to have a lot of ways to win and a lot of ways to generate quite a bit of cash flow, which should result in a very attractive cash ROE.
