Scott C. Nuttall: Great. Thanks for the question, Bill. Yeah. Just by way of background, look, we do see a lot of opportunities to grow our firm and our businesses. And as I mentioned with the next-generation technology growth fund real estate credit, we continue to use the balance sheet to seed new businesses and drop them into funds format so that we can accelerate management fee and carry realization. So we'll continue to do that and we see a lot of opportunities to continue to use the balance sheet for that purpose. As background, as I think as you're aware, we announced a $500 million buyback in late October, and we started buying stock in early November. So at the time we announced the program, we said we thought we'd spend the $500 million over 12 months or so. And we also said that our goal was to keep our share count flat over time to control dilution from comp-related share issuances. So we said $500 million and we thought it would take about a year to spend. Over the last less than six months, we've bought back or canceled about 30 million shares and so we've spent $400 million, give or take, of the $500 million already in less than six months. So we feel like we're kind of on pace – ahead of pace, actually, in delivering on our objectives. And our share count actually has come down since the announcement. So we don't plan on forecasting buyback activity build, but what we're happy to share is that we do see a lot of opportunities to continue to invest in the firm and grow our businesses, our fee and carry businesses, in particular. It doesn't mean we're going to buy back shares continuously, but we are committed to, at a minimum, keeping our share count flat over time. So we have our framework internally for how we compare the price of our stock to the internal opportunities. So far, the light's been green so we've been buying. But we'll keep you posted as we go forward.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Glenn. It's Scott. I think the most straightforward way to think about it is the balance sheet is a large investor in our funds, and oftentimes these are the largest or certainly one of the largest investor in all of our funds. So when you have a drawdown of capital that goes into a fund, the balance sheet capital is just drawn down pro rata alongside the limited partner investors. And that's how the vast majority of the capital is getting deployed these days off the balance sheet. So just every time we announce a transaction across asset classes, think of it as the balance sheet making a pro rata investment alongside the third party investors. Periodically, we'll also announce strategic activity, and that's clearly 100% balance sheet. Things like the Marshall Wace transaction, as an example. And also even less periodically, we'll have co-investments where the balance sheet will participate. But I'd point to the vast majority of activity is just going alongside the third party LPs.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. The only other thing I'd add, Devin, is that we do have seen good operational performance in the private equity portfolio. So if you look at kind of the weighted average performance across the portfolio globally, the last 12 months about 8% revenue growth and about 10% EBITDA growth. So it's really a combination of good underlying operational performance, plus some strategic exits that Bill mentioned.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great question. Look, the private equity funds in Europe are continuing to perform really well. The underlying portfolio is performing, but it's not just private equity. We're also seeing good performance across credit, real estate, infrastructure, and really strong performances we've seen in the last 10 years ex-energy. So we've been busy. We've been selling businesses in Europe. Buying is a bit more challenging with high prices, but we managed to get a couple of things announced, including the Airbus Defence Electronics deal. And financing is available. So, yeah, we can remain constructive on Europe overall and see lots of opportunity. In terms of the Brexit question, it is impacting how we think about investing in the UK in particular, but it's really much more isolated to the UK as opposed to Pan European.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure, Chris. It's Scott. I guess your math – I think your math's right. So you're right. If you look at page six of the deck, you can see, if I lump together Walgreens and WMI with First Data, if you look at just what's on that page, you've got $380 million, give or take, of marks there just in those positions. And that's kind of the first big bucket. The other balance sheet marks are really going to be – have a couple of themes to them. One is going to be some credit positions we have that will have some indirect exposure to energy so that there's some look through in the credit book to some energy names. And that would be the other big theme. Everything else will be just little one-offs for the most part of individual comps that have traded down in the quarter, but no other big themes that I'd point you to. So it's kind of the big ones listed on page six, plus a little bit of read-through through the energy credit portfolio. And in terms of the second question as to how we characterize those marks, look, I think for the vast majority of what we saw in Q1, it was moment in time mark-to-market unrealized. If you really look at the face of the financial statements, you can see there is about $24 million of realized losses. Everything else was mark-to-market. And so as we kind of look at the underlying exposures that we have, our view is the vast, vast preponderance of the marks are just related to the volatility and some of the noise that we're seeing in terms of commodity prices or otherwise. Very few of those positions or situations where our option can be truncated for us. So the vast majority of those are going to be situations where we do not have necessarily gun to our head. It's more that we've seen a mark, and we anticipate that the vast majority of that will come back as markets normalize. And we've probably already seen some of that in Q2, but we'll continue to watch the markets closely.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great, Chris. Happy to take it. So you're right. We have gone from 37% credit June 2014, to about 26% as of March 31. But I'll point you back to when we announced the KFN acquisition, and we said that we saw an opportunity to redeploy a lot of the capital on the KFN balance sheet into higher returning opportunity, including business building. So as a reminder, the KFN portfolio when we bought it, was about a 10% to 11% ROE business. And we thought that we could generate higher returns by monetizing some of those legacy investments and redeploying the cash into other opportunities that we saw at the firm. And so that was really the articulated strategy when we did the deal. And a big portion of this, Chris, is just us following through on that commitment. So if you look at the pie chart, you can see the biggest change on the pie charts on page seven is really what we call the 1.0 book shrinking from 15% of the balance sheet down to 6%, and that's been purposeful. Really, what we saw there was that we had a lot of CLOs that were done pre-crisis that were getting into their periods where we could call them. The return on equity was at such a level we thought it was the right thing to do is to call those CLOs, and that's really what we've been doing. So that's what is a big portion of the move in terms of the reduction in the credit exposure. And then we've been redeploying the proceeds into several new things, as you can see at the bottom of page seven, that we do think have a higher return than the 10% to 11% that the KFN portfolio was yielding. So...
Scott C. Nuttall: No. To be really clear, there's two things going on here. So KFN had investments in CLOs, so we own the equity in CLOs that we were managing. And then KFN as an entity had created a capital structure for itself and had borrowed money and issued preferred stocks that were very long-dated in nature. So we moved the liabilities over to KKR's balance sheet, and we continue to enjoy the benefits of that long-dated financing to finance all of KKR now in a holistic basis. And on the asset side, some of those investments that KFN we're making, those are the ones that we called and have been redeploying the cash into new investment opportunities.
Scott C. Nuttall: It's just our headquarter purchase. But one thing I want to come back to on the second part of your CLO question, Chris, is around the 2.0 investments that we've made. And really, the distinction we're making there is that we're issuing new CLOs. Our balance sheet is taking an equity position in those, but at this point, it's just a minimum required for risk retention. And the newer CLOs that we're doing, actually the equity investment in those CLOs, is not marked-to-market. And so you'll see that as a footnote in our press release. So the way I would think about that is that we're issuing new CLOs, we're booking a management fee on that new liability structure, and we're making a modest investment in the equity of those CLOs and we think the return on equity of the CLO 2.0 book is going to be very attractive, mid-teens 20%-plus.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great. I'll take one and three and Bill will take two. In terms of the overall fund raising, look, it's been busy. As I mentioned, Q1 Special Sits II, European direct lending, growth tech, initial closed, and then of course Americas XII, off to a great start. So there's been a lot of going on. As we look at the rest of this year and say one continued fund raising for Americas XII. We have our second opportunistic real estate fund, REPA II, we call it, in the market. We'll be wrapping up fund raising for European real estate fund, REPE (42:31). We've got our PCOP II fund, a successor to Mezz end market, and then we'll continue raising capital for growth equity. And so those call it five or so funds will be in market for a good chunk of the rest of this year. Coming down the pike, we've got Global Direct Lending III because we've seen quite good pace of development in Direct Lending II. And then at some point, we'll be talking to you about Asia private equity but it's a bit early. And then on top of that, we've got the continuously raised capital across Prisma, a new suite of products there, Marshall Wace, Nephila, high yield leverage loans, CLOs, SMAs, et cetera. So quite a bit going on the fund raising front. In terms of the acquisition question, I would not expect us to do a lot more stakes investments. Marshall Wace, we think, is a great platform from which to build. So I would expect the vast preponderance of our activity on a go-forward basis. In the hedge fund space, we'll be with our partners at Marshall Wace, if not the entirety of our activity going forward. And beyond that, we'll be opportunistic, but there's nothing that's in our sights at this point.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Alex. It's Scott. I would just – nothing particular to call out there. We think it's attractive cost, long-term it's perpetual capital. And so we kind of view the general corporate purposes to give us an ability to do the two things you mentioned, invest further in building the business or buybacks or both. So nothing to call out with particular use of proceeds. It's just normal corporate financing.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. In terms of the way to think about it perhaps, most of what we're in the market with right now will be more traditional private equity-style economics, call it 1.25% to 1.5% management fees for most of the products, it'll be 20% carry. And that's certainly the case across Americas XII, REPA II, which is the real estate fund I mentioned, REPE (47:53) which is our European real estate and growth equity. PCOP II, which the successor to our Mezzanine funds, also has similar economics. The distinction though in the credit funds and the private credit funds in particular is that instead of getting paid on committed and invested capital, in those funds we tend to get paid just on invested. So you won't see the fees come online until the capital starts to be invested in the ground. And so it'll show up in the AUM but may take a little bit longer to show up in the fee-paying side in terms of impacting the management fee line. And direct lending is similar to PCOP II in that regard. So most of those products are going to be fee- and carry-based, think long-term capital, three to six years to invest and then seven to twelve-plus to harvest. So really long-term capital in nature. The more continuously raised capital that I mentioned, high yield, leverage loans, hedge funds are going to be shorter dated and they typically will have either management fee only or management fee plus some incentive.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. And just to the second part of your question. I think the way to think about the Americas XII is we do have a $12 billion cap which we expect to hit. As I mentioned, that excludes the GP and employee and commitment, to be clear. So we think it'll probably be something more in the $12.5 billion to $13 billion range by the time we're done. I also want to point out as a reminder, we raise money for private equity in three geographic funds. So we're a bit different in that regard. So you've got Americas, Europe and Asia. And if you add those numbers up, if you say $12 billion, give or take for Americas, $6 billion for Asia, $4 billion or so for Europe, we're at about $22 billion in terms of expected capital for this fund cycle for private equity globally. If we go to the other part of your question, which is around how to think about these other funds, we haven't put out a cap on any of those other funds at this point. Maybe just in terms of a framework, though, in terms of how to think about it. Remember, most of our first-time funds are in the range of $500 million to $1 billion. And so as you think about next-gen tech growth, as an example, or a European real estate fund, those new strategies will tend to be in that ZIP code and I think that's a fair way to think about it. Then we have successor funds in real estate and mezzanine or private credit. The first real estate fund was about $1 billion of outside capital, and the first Mezzanine fund was about $1 billion, give or take, of total capital as well. And so like our other successor funds, we'd hope to see growth over those numbers, but we'll keep you updated through the course of the year.
Scott C. Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Michael. If you look at the balance sheet chart on page seven, look at the far right, you'll see that we actually called out First Data and Walgreens in the pie chart. And First Data is about 12.5% of our balance sheet, and Walgreens is about 9%. And so, if you look in the grand scheme of the firm, obviously, the balance sheet ignores the $126 billion now of third-party AUM that we manage. So if you think about an individual position, even First Data at 12.5% of the balance sheet, and then the balance sheet is obviously just part of the overall organization, we feel good about the trajectory of that company, and we think that we'll be able to generate good returns on that investment going forward, same thing with Walgreens. But we will continue to look at trade-offs as to the trajectory from here for those individual names and other things we have on the balance sheet relative to other uses of capital. So we don't have a particular goal in terms of the – we want to get the exposure down to X. What we'd really like to do is have the value creation thesis from here in both those names continue to play out. And then, over time, you'll probably see us lighten up, but it's very – very early on First Data to expect that in the near-term. We think there's a lot of upside from here. Walgreens, as we mentioned in a prior slide, has performed very nicely for us so far and is already 3.5 times our cost. So maybe a slightly different story there.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great question. So, look, I'd say the real estate business has been developing really well. And certainly at least in line with our expectations, if not ahead of. So, as a reminder, we did seed our opportunistic real estate strategy off the balance sheet and dropped those investments down into a first-time real estate fund that we call REPA. That fund right now has a gross IRR of about 26%. So, so far, so good on that. We're in the market now with REPA II marketing off that track record. So the opportunistic strategy is going quite well. I also mentioned that we are in the market and have had the first closing on our first European real estate fund, and that's because we saw so much opportunity to invest in real estate in Europe. We'd filled up the baskets on our global fund and needed more capital, so that fund is progressing quite nicely. And we've already raised $600 million of capital for real estate Europe. You're right in credit. We saw an opportunity, brought a team over from Rialto not long ago. Same story again. We seeded investments in a real estate credit portfolio off the balance sheet. We're dropping that portfolio into a vehicle where we'll have third party investors alongside us, and we'll seek more third party capital fee in carry paying to invest with us in real estate credit, both whole loans and a variety of other opportunistic situations we see in the credit space given how the markets have evolved there. We're looking at the CMBS market closely as well. So we see opportunities in credit to expand, and that's a very large marketplace. And then if you go to places like Asia and India, we've actually created some vehicles and are investing on the ground in India in real estate as well. So relatively early days but the development of the business has gone quite well today.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Mike. Happy to take a shot at that. So look, I think, for us, we're focused on what we can control. And the biggest driver, in our view, over time of performance of our portfolio is how the companies are performing from an operating standpoint. That's why I called out the 8% revenue growth, the 10% EBITDA growth. Even in names like First Data, that's why we called out the 5% revenue growth, the 13% EBITDA growth for Q1. And our view is if our companies continue to perform like that, then over time we'll perform quite nicely. And you can see bottom left-hand side of page four how the biggest names have performed in terms of multiple of invested capital. So the operating performance continues to be strong in the first quarter. No big change in trends that I'd point you to. And I think the important thing is for us all to remember that we can't get too hung up on the recency effect. The market was quite volatile in Q1. We find ourselves in a bit of an emotional market with a bias to negativity. And our job as investors is to monetize the emotion. And so when we've got volatility and things get cheaper, we're investing into that, and that's why you saw the deployment that you saw in the quarter. And when the market gets happier again, we're selling into it and that's why you've seen the exits in the quarter both the strategics and secondaries into the market, and the refinancing that we've been doing when the market gets more upbeat as well. So we'll continue to monetize the emotion. The portfolio is performing quite nicely. There's a couple of areas like energy which we talked about. Industrials are in a bit of a recession in the U.S., but our global portfolio continues perform well, and our job is just to continue to monetize the environment over time. And that's why we encourage you not to look over any 90-day period, which continue to show the LTM results, the since-inception results. The balance sheet IRR since the beginning of 2010 is about 14.5%, and so we encourage you think with that longer-term mindset. We've got 600 basis points of outperformance over the MSCI over that timeframe, and we think we can continue to generate outperformance even as the balance sheet's been in transition.
William Joseph Janetschek: And Bill, this is Bill Janetschek. Just as a follow-up. Can I help you with the math a little? As of March 31, total units outstanding were about 845.4 million shares. From March 31 through Friday of last, we actually bought back another 2.4 million shares and cancelled an additional 2 million shares vis-à-vis the tax allocation. So the share count right now, as we stand today, is down to 841 million.
William Joseph Janetschek: Right now, as we stand today, if I did the math on the seven, the cash carry that would come to us would be approximately $0.16 in total. And then, to the extent that we have some economics by our GP interest in those assets as well, that would produce roughly about another $0.07 of cash earnings on our balance sheet.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Patrick. This is Bill. If you take a look at where we marked the portfolio in December and where we marked the portfolio in March, when you take a look at where the three- and four-year forward curve is, it was down roughly 14% and 16%, respectively. And so when you run that through a DCF, you should expect that our energy portfolio would be down in about that percentage range.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Devin. This is Bill. Just at a high level on the privates, when you think about it where we were carrying some of our private investments in December and then where we marked them in March, we mentioned that they were a couple of strategic that we're selling. So during this quarter, you actually saw a pretty nice uplift in those investments. Typically, when we value our privates, 50% is DCF, 50% is market comp, and we usually take a liquidity discount on those values. Obviously, when someone comes in and you have a strategic for 100% of the company and someone's willing to pay a premium, you're going to see an increase in those privates.
William Joseph Janetschek: And then when you look at the balance sheet, in particular, when you take into account interest and dividend income even net interest expense, as Scott mentioned that $25 million realized loss, on a realized basis we ended up booking an investment gain cash earnings of in excess of $35 million.
William Joseph Janetschek: And Brian, as it relates to the $18.1 billion coming online, 99% of that is going to be fee paying. And the good news is a lot of that is on the public market side, alternative credit, direct lending. Scott mentioned PCOP II. All of those are higher fees paying AUM, as well as on the private market side like North America XII, et cetera. And so the blended rate on that $18 billion is going to be north of 1.1%. So, that's the good news. And as far as deployment is concerned, a lot of that fee coming online is going to be based upon when those assets are actually investing. And remember, the typical investment period on the public market side is roughly around three years. On the private market side, it could be anywhere between four and six. And so that $18 billion you'll see come online, certainly, over the next two, three, four years.
William Joseph Janetschek: Well, it all depends on the mandate, but the GP commitment for a private equity fund is going to be anywhere in between 3% and 5%. And the same will hold true on the public market side and more established funds. But to the extent that we're raising capital in a new mandate where we want to really jumpstart it, either A, we'll season it with capital on a balance sheet and drop some of those assets into that particular fund, or we'll make a stronger commitment as the GP in that particular mandate.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Rob. This is Bill Janetschek. Just real quickly, I'll go through the particulars on the $11 billion that we raised this quarter, and Scott can elaborate more just on the particular strategies like what the hard cap might be on North America XII. But if you turn to page 11 on the private market side, most of that new capital raise is attributed to North America XII with some attributed to the growth technology fund that we raised. On the private market side, that gets you to that $6.6 billion. On a public market side, we're talking about $4 billion, and that came across several mandates. We raised over $1 billion in some credit SMAs. We had the final close of Special Sits at roughly $700 million. We had a final close on European direct lending. We actually had $600 million come in from Prisma, which was a very good number in a particular quarter. And remember, we report 25% roughly of the strategic partnerships that we own. Roughly, we own 25% in each. And when you drill down, our pro rata of that was roughly about $800 million. And so that makes up the $10 billion-plus that we've raised this quarter alone.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Michael. This is Bill. Just to be clear, the assets right now are in a structure where it is a REIT, and we anticipate a raise in third party capital through that vehicle. And we're holding those assets to maturity and that's why we had that footnote.
