Scott Nuttall: Thank you, Rob. And thank you everybody for joining our call today. Given everything already covered, I’m going to be brief. First, a quick comment on Global Atlantic. The GA transaction is highly strategic for KKR. It meaningfully expands our base of permanent capital, further diversifies and scales our business, and significantly grows our position within the insurance industry. The acquisition also improves the quality and visibility of our earnings. And GE’s strong and experienced management team is a critical element of this transaction. We see a number of growth opportunities working with our new partners. In short, this is a meaningful development for us and we look forward to keeping you posted on our collective progress. Second, a couple thoughts on KKR more broadly. As a senior team, we just spent the better part of a week in our annual strategic planning meetings. Listening to the discussions and presentations in those sessions was incredibly energizing. In our nearly 45 years in business, we have never had a stronger management team, more line of sight to our near-term results, more ways to grow and more confidence in our future. This confidence is driving our announcements today and sharing our belief that we can comfortably exceed $2 per share in FRE next year. And even more exciting, we see significant growth beyond that. We know we have discussed a lot of information on this call. That is one of the reasons we’re looking forward to our April Investor Day. We think it will be helpful for example for everyone to hear Global Atlantic CEO, Allan Levine talk about GA and its growth prospects. We’ll also spend a significant amount of time detailing the building blocks of the firm’s growth plans, which we think will help you understand why we are so optimistic about the path ahead for us. We thank you for your partnership, trust and time, and are happy to take your questions.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. And Glenn, so I’d say, look, we agree with your comment. We’re very constructive on the backdrop for monetizations broadly and it is across the Board. There’s M&A. There’s strategic sales. There are sales to sponsors. There’s leverage recaps, dividends, so a lot of different opportunities for us to monetize. I would also say, though, despite the overall valuation environment, we continue to be very active in terms of deployment. As we talked about in the last call, we’ve been really leaning into a number of investment themes that we think will be accelerated by this period of time and so our pipelines are actually quite full as we head through the first quarter here.
Scott Nuttall: Yes. The only thing I’d add Gerry is that, it -- we continue to see these opportunities across a number of these investment themes that we’ve discussed. And Asia, of course, is at the most part come out of the COVID period more quickly than other parts of the world. And so we are kind of seeing more regular activity levels on the ground in a number of those markets.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Patrick. It’s Scott. Just to jump on, I think, the basic question is, do we plan to stick to it. The answer is yes. We’ve been talking about this potential change internally for the last few years and working to Rob’s point to get to the scale and diversity and visibility where we thought, we could tell you this and stick to it. And you know us well, right, we are deliberate people, we are very careful about what we commit to and we do not intend to let you or our shareholders down. So we would not announce this unless we’re confident we can deliver in these comp ranges in all operating environments. And to Rob’s point, yes, we talked about this with the partners of the firm. Everybody gets the alignment. We own over 30% or 35% of the stock, give or take. So we think it’s the right change and we’ve kind of been building toward it for the last several years.
Scott Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Craig. It’s Scott. First off, I think, you’re right, we did the transaction with the book was the disability book. It was -- suffice it to say it was structured in such a way that it was much closer to an annuity book and a disability book in terms of what it means for us. So it really is not us taking different kinds of risks at Global Atlantic. It’s more just the transaction was structured to make it the risk that we want to take. And as we talked about the prior calls, we really like that the GA team is very focused on taking particular kinds of risks. So you shouldn’t take that as any change in strategy. In terms of the other insurance verticals, I think, for the time being you should expect that we’re going to stay focused on annuities, life and the other existing businesses of Global Atlantic. We don’t have any plans to meaningfully change that and we’ll continue to execute that through the individual channel and the institutional channel as we’ve discussed in its various forms. But we’ll keep you posted. Never say never in terms of the evolution of the strategy, but we’re focused on what got us here.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Jeremy. It’s Scott. Look it’s an astute question. We’ll try to shed some light directionally for you in April.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Mike. It’s Scott. Just one other thing, as you know, we remain very focused on compounding, just compounding our AUM, compounding our balance sheet. We think the additional Global Atlantic will allow us to do both of those things at a faster rate over time. So no change is expected.
Scott Nuttall: Hey, Brian. It’s Scott. We’re not going to be able to share with you kind of fundraising guidance or capital markets revenue guidance. I think if you look at page five of the supplemental materials, you can see on the right-hand side, all of the strategies we have coming to market, including the number of flagship strategies. And so, I think as long as the fundraising environment stays with us and it’s probably frankly improved a bit since the last time we talked. We do feel good about our ability to meaningfully scale our AUM from here and have good fundraising outcomes in the next couple of years. We’re not going to put a precise number on it, but we feel good on a kind of a team in place basis and then we’re also making new investments in distribution as well that we’ll talk about more in April. Capital markets had a very nice year last year after a quiet spring given the pandemic. And we do see real opportunities to scale there as well. We’ve incorporated all of that go into kind of the FRE guidance we gave you, where we said, we could comfortably exceed $2 per share. That is incorporated into that statement and that guidance and the outcomes we think can be a bit fungible, but both fundraising KCM, Global Atlantic and all the other ways we have to win re incorporated in that message.
Rob Lewin: Great. Thanks a lot, Bill, for the questions. To be clear that was the -- if we have lower monetizations, lower successful monetizations, our anticipation is that our comp ratio would be going down as we’re making compensation at KKR more success-based. In terms of your question around 2022 FRE, that was really a combination of a bunch of different things that’s given us confidence and being able to achieve that target out into the future. I’d say, the first is management fees coming across our existing platform through our different products and geographies and the scaling that Craig referenced earlier in the call. Second piece of it is clearly the increased confidence that we have in Global Atlantic and their scaling of assets and our ability to work constructively with them. We also continue to see a lot of opportunities to scale the breadth of our products and what we cover in our Capital Markets business, as well as different clients. And so when you add all that together, inclusive of ensuring that that we monitor expense management, we feel really good that we should be able to comfortably exceed $2 per share of FRE in 2022.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Hi, Glenn. It’s Rob. Thanks for the question. And Scott will probably jump in here at some point as well. Listen, we’re very constructive from a monetization perspective. And if you look at our Q1 line of sight in terms of realized carry and balance sheet revenue, as we sit here today, we feel really good that we’ve got deals that are signed and are closed that would represent greater than $375 million of revenue in Q1. And so we agree that the market backdrop is one that that’s quite an interesting one as it relates to being able to monetize investments.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Thanks a lot, Alex. And maybe I’ll take the second part of your question first and then head back to the first part of it. So I think it’d be probably helpful for us to break down the net management fees from Global Atlantic that we expect to receive in a few different pieces. The first is that we will have an IMA across GA’s asset base. We have agreed with the regulators that our fee there will not be in excess of 30 basis points. We also intend to manage assets directly for GA where we’ll charge the relevant fee rates for other similarly large investors in those strategies, offsetting both of those two fee revenue lines are some expenses, which include paying other investment managers who perform services that KKR does not perform today. The net of those three items together is really what generates the $200 million of net management fee revenue that we expect to be able to achieve a couple of years out that we talked about earlier, as well as our belief that we’ve got a path to a higher number over a similar period of time. I’d say, we don’t have an exact time table as when those numbers will effectively be generated in large part because of the need to ramp up our own direct origination as GA’s investment manager, but we feel really good and being able to achieve these numbers a couple of years from now. And so as you think about year one, which I know you asked about explicitly, I’d say, that we feel good about achieving somewhere around half to two-thirds of our $200-plus million target in year one of our investment here and partnership with Global Atlantic. In terms of the second part of your question. So, obviously, we feel good about the trajectory of GA and a good start that I think we’re going to have in year one and being able to ramp. I’d say, we feel incrementally better about our ability to achieve 50%-plus management fee growth over, I think, we said between 2019 and 2022. And so our expectation, as you think about our 2022 FRE is that we should be north of that number, but we don’t have any further guidance on the specifics.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Hi, Patrick. It’s Rob. Let me start off. So I think a really important component of this change is the fact that we feel like we’re able to make this change today given the scaling of our management fee growth based on what we’ve had historically and what we see prospectively over the next couple of years, inclusive of the GA acquisition. And so we feel today that we’re at that inflection point where we will be able to compensate our firm based on the fee revenues that we have today in downside scenarios. In terms of employee communication, of course, this is something that we’ve been closely linked up with our senior employees on, and I would say, this type of change impacts our senior employees by far the most. And a couple of comments there, one, our senior employees are all big shareholders of KKR and we think that this is certainly a benefit to our shareholders. That’s why we did it. We think our senior employees are also more used to more variability and their annual compensation based on performance. Frankly, it’s something I think they like as part of their overall compensation framework. And as we think about being competitive in the market for talent, we certainly see that dynamic where for senior talent there is more variability and compensation for performance.
Rob Lewin: Hey, Devin. Let me take that one. So I think it’s a really good question. As we think about the scaling of our capital markets platform, I’d say, it’s really in three components. The first was really around geographic breadth. And as you know this business started really as predominantly a U.S. centric business, but we’ve got a highly skilled team of capital markets professionals that today are all over the world supporting KKRs businesses all over the world, we talked about it earlier. But KKRs capital deployment for the year was pretty well spread out between the Americas, Europe and Asia, and that was all covered by our capital markets team. Second thing is really about building out the product capability to be able to follow KKRs evolution from a product standpoint. So as we’ve expanded into asset classes like infrastructure and real estate and aspects of structured and principal credit. Our capital markets team has fallen alongside and we’ve gone out and recruited what we think is best-in-class talent to cover those areas. And then the last piece of it is really our approach, what we think -- a really unique approach to non-KKR clients and being able to cover those clients, being able to speak for capital structures. We think in a really unique way in a way that’s highly coordinated with our credit pools of capital as well. And that’s our expanding part of our business in the U.S., but also in Europe and in aspects of Asia as well. We’re starting to get some real traction. And so I think when you add that altogether, that’s why you’re seeing scaling of that business over time and that duration of that business. As we look out a few years, we certainly see continued meaningful growth over and above the levels that we’ve been operating in over the last couple of years. So we’re excited about the outlook for that business and what we think it could become over time.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Hey, Jeremy. So, we’re not going to on this call provide guidance beyond 2022 and I think as we get to our Investor Day in April, we could provide a little bit more substance about what we see from a longer term growth trajectory perspective. Suffice it to say that we’ve got a lot of things that have quite a bit of momentum across the firm right now still a number of young strategies. So it’s not just about the next two years growth, in terms of how we see our platform developing. And we think, asset management, capital markets and insurance will all be growers in a fairly robust way over the next several years and not just over the next couple.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Hey Mike. No change. We’re going to go through the same process we go through every year as we think about our balance sheet and how we manage our capital allocation. The first point is always is how we think about return of capital to shareholders. As you know, this quarter, we announced an increase in our dividend from $0.54 to $0.58. Craig also noted in his prepared remarks that we’re going to continue to opportunistically over time repurchase shares to keep our share count flat for employee dilution. And then, most importantly is to be able to strategically reinvest our capital base back into our business for growth. There is no better example of that type of transaction than what we were able to accomplish this past year with Global Atlantic.
Rob Lewin: Yes. And on the second part of your question, Rob, no change. What we’re really talking about is how the compensation pool is calculated. We’re not changing in terms -- the approach we’ve taken, which we think is really important culturally for us that everybody participates in everything. So it’s more about the -- how the aggregate is calculated, how it’s shared.
Rob Lewin: Yes. So as we build up our P&L we’re going to show our insurance segment on an after-tax basis to answer your question specifically there and as it relates to KKRs overall tax expense, no change to prior guidance. Overtime, we would expect to see our tax rate migrate up to statutory rate in the low 20s, but that will take some time as we start off quite a bit deferred tax asset from the C-Corp conversion a couple years back.
Rob Lewin: Sure. Thanks a lot for the question, Mike. So on equity-based comp, one, it’s very important to understand, as we look at aggregate compensation margin, we’re going to continue to do that and we’re going to continue to look at that inclusive of equity-based comp and it’s a core component. As you think about 2021, the expectation should be that we should have modest growth in that line item commensurate with the growth of the firm. So, as you noted, we were in the mid-$240s in 2020. I could see that number being in the $250 million to $300 million range in 2021. And as we thought about the 60% to 70% comp margin on performance revenues, a lot of different variables went into that inclusive of how we thought about comp ranges on our other forms of revenue. We also looked at the competitive framework, not just some of the big alternatives firms that went public at the same time of us, but some firms that went public after us with different comp ratios and we thought about the competitive dynamic with our own people and the number of firms that we compete against for talent that have compensation pools on carried interest that are effectively 100%. And so it was a really looking at all of those different factors and coming up with the range of 60% to 70% that we thought was appropriate.
Rob Lewin: Thank you for the question. The short answer is, we see a significant number of ways we and Global Atlantic can grow together. I think the first and the primary focus is going to be doing that on an organic basis. And so the business itself really goes to market in two channels. The first is the individual channel where we have distribution relationships with 200 plus bank and broker dealers. So you should expect us to continue to scale organically through that channel. Secondly is the institutional channel where it’s really executed in three different ways, blocks which Rob mentioned, we did $16 billion in Q3 and Q4 last year. But there is also flow reinsurance relationships, there is pension risk transfer opportunities until we see at least those three different ways to grow institutionally as well. So the primary focus right now is growing organically through those different channels and relationships. There are opportunities to your point also consider acquisitions over time. The Global Atlantic management team has done a number of acquisitions through their history and then it could also be another opportunity for us as we go forward. Nothing on the drawing board right now, but that is an opportunity to your point is something that we’re keeping an eye on. And then I would also say the last thing that we’re focused on. Although, it’s going to take a good amount of time and energy in the near-term here in particular is ways that we could jointly developed products and then also potentially leverage Global Atlantic’s distribution for things that KKR is doing. And so that could be another area of growth for us as well.
Rob Lewin: Yes. Thanks Chris. Look, I think, you’re directionally in the right ballpark. And that’s right as we built up to the net $200 million plus over the next couple of years. We got there through the IMA fee. We got there through on an assumption around how we’re going to ramp up investing assets directly on behalf of GA, offsetting that with the amount of investment expenses and other expenses that we’ll need to bear inclusive of other asset managers for the GA balance sheet. Today we are doing things KKR doesn’t do. And so when you add all those things together, you’re getting to that $200 plus number. And as you think about year one, our ability to achieve 50% to 75% -- 50%, excuse me, to two-thirds of that seems reasonably in line with the math that you went through.
Rob Lewin: No. As we looked at it and if we looked at the midpoint of the ranges that we outlined, it’s a 38.6% number.
Rob Lewin: And just to be clear because I think it could impact some of your numbers, as we think about the incentive fees against Marshall Wace we’re assuming that that gets comped in the balance sheet revenue, a number of 10% to 20% comp range as opposed to our realized performance revenue number and that’s what could be creating a little bit of delta with some of your numbers.
Craig Larson: Yes. Just one clarifying thing, Alex, on that, just to be clear. The 50-plus percent growth that Rob mentioned was organic before GA. So I think of the punch lines, we feel better about being able to meet or exceed that. And then you’ve got Global Atlantic on top of that, so it gets you to the higher number obviously.
Craig Larson: Hi, Jerry. It’s Craig. Why don’t I start there, and I think, Scott may add on. So look, I think, in many ways when we think of deployment, the interesting aspect here really relates to the increasing balance of the firm. So historically private markets deployment was clearly driven by private equity and we’ve seen in the last handful of years. You’re correct, Asia, be very strong for us and I think we do expect deployment in the region again to be active as Scott had alluded to earlier. But I think in many ways, one of the other interesting points here really relates to the growth in real assets footprint for us, so infrastructure, real estate energy. And I think, there is a real opportunity for more balanced deployment for us given that scaling. So infra at this point, the business is global. The team is busy everywhere. In real estate, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the growth of the platform. We’ve seen a significant ramp. So I think, overall, we look at the opportunity for us as being meaningful given the various pools of capital that we have really across geographies.
Craig Larson: Hey, Rob. It’s Craig. Why don’t I take the first part of that and thanks for the question on cross-selling. Look, I think, we continue to make very good progress at year end. We were at about 1,200 investors at this point, approaching that level and that continues to be a real focus for us, first in terms of increasing the overall breadth of our LP base. We held as we mentioned the final close in the fourth quarter of our Asia Infrastructure fund. And 25% of the LPs in that fund are new fund investors to KKR. We love seeing statistics like that. And then as it relates to the cross-sell, at this point, we’re about two products per client. We’ve seen that number continue to migrate up, but it migrates up slowly honestly, because as you’re adding clients. You’re typically adding the one product at a time. Our largest category of client averages almost five products per client. So I think as we look overall, we still see significant opportunities for us both in terms of increasing the overall number of LPs, as well as those cross-sell statistics. And I think in addition to that, when we think of areas like us and retail again see continued long-term opportunities for us.
Craig Larson: So thank you everybody for your time and attention. We know that we had a number of items to impact this quarter. We’re always available of course for any follow-ups. In saying that, we look forward to seeing everybody, starting with everybody next quarter and again at the April Investor Day event. So thanks again.
