William Sonneborn: Thank you, Mike. We are pleased with the positive momentum occurring within our business. On past calls, we have discussed our views on asset allocation, with our focus being long-term growth and shareholder value. We increased cash distributions and growth in enterprise value. I’ll sum up this past quarter as one where we executed on our business model by meaningfully deploying capital to opportunities that leveraged all of the capabilities of KKR. These opportunities were consistent with our core tenants to capital deployment that we discussed on previous calls, which include, first, focusing on growing enterprise value on cash distribution by deploying capital to opportunities that balance capital appreciation with cash flow growth; second, sourcing opportunities that give us options to increase risk-adjusted returns by constructing a portfolio of holdings that will perform well in a higher rate or even inflationary environment; third and finally, leveraging the global KKR team to deploy capital situation where we believe we have a competitive and proprietary advantage. Slide 11 in our supplemental presentation provides an illustration of how our balance sheet capital at risk is deployed today and provides a theoretical example of our potential future allocations as we continue to deploy capital based on our key tenants. The pie chart for KFN today on slide 11 tied to an allocation of net holding company capital at risk provided on the bottom of page seven. As depicted here, corporate debt in its entirety includes CLOs, mezzanine and special situations funded directly has and will continue to be the asset class where we expect to deploy the majority of our capital. But the CLO market remains a key focus for us as a source of interesting risk adjusted returns. As this slide depicts, we intend to continue to diversify our holdings as we execute on our targeted asset class strategy that are shown here and summarized both on pages eight to ten of that supplemental presentation and discussed in more detailed in the executive overview section of management’s discussion and analysis contained in our Form 10-Q that we filed today. As we move forward in 2011, we sit here with a strong balance sheet, characterized by a well-performing portfolio and low leverage. We believe we have an attractive pipeline of opportunities across our business that we are working on. And needless to say, we are excited about where we are going as we work to grow value for our shareholders. We believe KFN is a unique specialty finance company that has tremendous opportunity to continue to deliver shareholder value in proprietary ways. We look forward to continuing to update you on the progress we make on executing on our strategy next quarter. With that, we will open this call for questions. Operator, please go ahead.
William Sonneborn: There is not a formal arrangement, John, for future transactions with that investor. However, based on their interest and our interest of doing a similar transaction in the future, it’s definitely possible. As far as future terms will be dictated, a combination of what’s meaningful for us and what makes sense compared to other transactions, we could do more revolving in the market.
William Sonneborn: That’s a good question, John. I think in the US distress market, we’ve seen very little opportunity both in the context of credit spread compression. And I think that extends into the high yield market in the US, both because of absolute yield as well as credit spreads. But we are seeing opportunity continuously as the tightening of liability spreads faster than that of spreads in the loan side, which is making CLOs attractive for deploying capital. Special situations in Europe and Australia, particularly in Europe, as a result of banks finally starting to deleverage by selling assets in the marketplace. And then finally, we still see in the middle market, interesting mez transactions above and beyond what we are doing in natural resources. But I’d say, generally speaking, the high-yield market in the US, we think, is pretty tight.
William Sonneborn: Sure. For those of you who understand from the public filing of what the transaction that Energy Future Holdings’ subsidiary TXU did, they extended their senior secured term loan through an amendment in extension exercise, the result of which, just to simplify, is that holders that did agree to extend under the transaction of which more than 80% of term loan holders did do receive four points effectively of cash upfront is the effective consideration for the extension plus an additional 100 basis point spread in terms of credit spread over the new extended term, extending the term loan from 2014 to 2017.
William Sonneborn: Sure. We have disclosed in the past 2007-A ended its reinvestment period last October. 2005-1 just ended its reinvestment period in April, some few weeks back. 2005-2 ends its reinvestment period this month, May. 2006-1 will end a year from now in our largest CLO, which represents almost half our total exposure to the market. It’s got reinvestments running at May of 2014. As far as how we think about that, Michael, we’re focused on two items. One, based on our modeling, we think there is still a fair amount of opportunity with the CLOs post reinvestment period. That notwithstanding, we still think at some point between the end of the reinvestment period and ultimately the maturity of the deal will actually want to replace these deals or call them and replace them with another opportunity, we are focused on looking at the market as we evaluate our CLOs and are looking at one new CLO over the long run that was replaced some. Or two, potentially amending our current deals. So we will have more information on that in the quarters to come.
William Sonneborn: No, I’d say that’s a high number. I would probably assume closer to $5 million is more of a reasonable number prospectively. There were some one-time non-cash write-off that took place this quarter, but that’s just a one-time event.
William Sonneborn: Sure. Generally across the portfolio, credit conditions are benign. You’ve seen that in terms of any default statistics as well as depreciation as the value of the portfolio at much faster rates over the course of the last six quarters and the overall market. Credit spreads have tightened, as we talked about previously, particularly in subordinated capital in the high-yield market much faster than the loan market, predominantly because loans are floating rate instruments priced up the short end of the curve. And so their absolute levels of cash yield are less to investors than high yield because there continues to be a lot of liquidity in the system as a result of Q2 and a search particularly amongst retail investors’ group sources of yield. But in terms of our overall portfolio, I think you would see, comparing and contrasting our largest 50 positions contained within the supplemental materials, continued diversification of that portfolio from some of the large concentrated positions. When you go through that list, the number of items that an average person should be worried about continues to dwindle in terms of size and scale.
William Sonneborn: A good example is a LIBOR plus 200 loan with no four that was done in first quarter of 2007. It’s still market today. Even though company has performed well, it’s going to be 96. And so if you move that loan to available for sale, you take the four points of the loan balance as a charge-off against the allowance for loan losses.
William Sonneborn: No, if we think – we've held the allowance constant for the last several quarters at 3.4%. The amortized cost basis of our loans held for investment portfolio. We think that’s a prudent and conservative reserve based on the class win. If we look at how loans are performing, our portfolio in particular, we have no looming credit events that have us concerned. But as the portfolio continues to grow, we think it’s prudent to increase our allowance accordingly.
William Sonneborn: Every quarter, Steven, we have – the way we report the loans prepay is the difference of that accelerated accretion goes and the discount accretion line. So that number is going to have some volatility as a function of just the level of prepayments we’ve experienced. To your point, fourth quarter of 2010, we had a higher level of prepayments of loans, credit discounts that we have this quarter. But I believe about $5 million of that number this quarter was related to prepayments.
William Sonneborn: We’ve seen, Gabe, definitely to your point, an increase in activity in the CLO market. There is a broader investor base and there was even as recently as late last year. So with that, there are increasingly more opportunities. The key thing to keep in mind is we think about it as we use CLOs as financing. So we may have a different view on how much leverage we want to put on a transaction. Others are issued in for different reasons. But 2011-1 was a good example to your point of a transaction coming to us. We are focused on when the economics makes sense, we’d like to do these deals. If it’s a private transaction like 2011-1 that makes the most sense and meets our risk adjusted return, we’ll do it. If it’s a traditional market transaction, we’ll do that. We’re fairly agnostic between the two.
William Sonneborn: It’s a great question, Gabe. But it’s something we are actually spending a lot of time now, because the opportunity is pretty right particularly in European commercial banks that have statutory agreed dates and asset disposition targets with their respective regulators or in some cases, majority owners. In the case of the European marketplace, it’s also that there is about $1 trillion of assets, predominantly commercial real estate debt-related, some performing, a lot non-performing that is likely going to be disposed over the course of the next four to six quarters. And we have had a team spending a tremendous amount of time in Europe meeting with these respective financial institutions to try to take advantage of what we think is an interesting opportunity. The opportunity has been there now for two years. It’s just there has been no paper to purchase. And what’s interesting now is that the supply could be enormous. And so, yes, we are preparing for an interesting opportunity in commercial real estate.
William Sonneborn: If you look in the supplemental presentation, I know it’s a footnote, Jasper, but we mentioned we have the $159 million. Footnote 1 of that at the bottom of page eight specifies about $159 million. $59 million of it is going into 2011-1, and the rest of it was being purchased outside of our balance sheet. Pro forma after 2011-1, we had about $100 million of loans on balance sheet held for future CLO deals.
William Sonneborn: I think the easiest way, Jasper, to think about that is how Mike and I think about that is, as those start to effectively de-lever and pay down senior notes, at the point where the kind of IRRs or return on equity capital that we have get to mid-teens, at that point we will call and refinance into a new transaction to at least maintain mid-teens rate to return. So when I think about the business, I assume that as returns go from, say, 22%, because of the low cost liability, down to, say, 15%, then I’m going to redeploy that capital at 15% I perpetuity. That’s always how I think about it.
William Sonneborn: The majority of that is cash that’s available. That being said, that number fluctuates as you can appreciate any given day based on step-up prepayment failed, unsafe settlements of traits, that’s not necessarily a number that – you're going to find a big pay-down the day before, we could have had a tray that just hadn’t settled first.
William Sonneborn: Yes. The way I would start with, we said unrestricted cash was $129 million. We have assets on balance sheet remains to be highlighted at $100 million. There are other assets outside of the $100 million targeted for CLOs that we could – that are fairly liquid that we could choose to divest the credit section in our balance sheet.
William Sonneborn: Yes, that’s a fair statement. But when we determine that, we’re not only looking at that current quarter, but we’re also, as we have talked about in previous quarters, making a risk analysis because it is the management and the Board’s desire to never have to reduce that number in the future.
William Sonneborn: No, it’s not confidential. I got to go back to every shareholder as we talked about at the different basis. So we’ve been hesitant to try and take guesses of what our shareholders (inaudible) original tax –
William Sonneborn: However, Lee, for purposes of, I would say, directionally, run rate cash earnings should be or recurring taxable income, the best approximate or what I would direct the investors to.
William Sonneborn: The answer to that is yes. And as you see, though the CLO 2011-1, which is the largest portion of the capital redeployment didn’t close until the end of the quarter and we just closed the ramp-up nature of that on its closed date as well as more recently. And as a result of that, you won’t see the full run rate effect. And you see the majority of the run rate effect into the second quarter and then full impact in the third quarter.
William Sonneborn: You raised an interesting question, because if I look at kind of other specified finance comps like GDP is 21.2 times book value, which is the equivalent of the $11.77 number. And then I compare that to where we trade relative to our GAAP book value, which is a discount to that number substantially. I find it kind of interesting and somewhat disturbing, to be honest with you. But the answer is, as we’ve talked about in previous quarters and when we raised the equity in the fourth quarter, the amount that we raised was all conditioned upon executing strategy we had to show the market that there is growth outside of the CLO market while we are waiting for it to become more attractive and at mid-teens rates of returns that we have stated we need to deliver to our shareholders as a use of capital. And we know that our equity is highly expensive as a result of what ROE we’re producing and can produce going forward. And so we’re very sensitive to raising equity that’s dilutive to our shareholders.
William Sonneborn: We talked about last quarterly that we want to lower our cost of capital. And the one way to do that is outside of the CLO market, have enough diversification where theoretically we can raise low coupon investment grade debt as a means of additional growth, which is highly accretive to our ability to maintain and generate attractive returns to our shareholders in the future.
William Sonneborn: Sure. If you have the supplemental materials, look on slide we’ve put up for you in slide 15, you’ll see our largest position with TXU, which is the Energy Future Holdings complex, which is the holding company. I think in our footnote disclosure in our financial statements, we added some stuff in terms of concentration of credit risk. Mike mentioned that the four points of upfront fee as a result and little over $12 million of – $15 million of cash that we’ll receive this quarter. Our position, as we’ve talked about in previous quarterly calls, is almost exclusively in the senior secured term loan. And so in addition to the four points and $16 million of net cash we will receive as a result of the amendment and extension in the second quarter of this year, we’ll also get an extra 100 basis points of credit spread on that same 400 million of exposure.
William Sonneborn: 2017, with a spring maturity that ties to the bond part of the capital structure to the extent the bonds aren’t refinanced.
William Sonneborn: Thank you, all. We appreciate your interest in following the company and look forward to continue to execute on the company’s strategy. Have a good evening.
Michael McFerran: The cash comes in right away. John, we’ll have to work through the accounting to decide whether or not cash under GAAP should be recognized A-1 or if it should be capitalized part of our base based of the investment, amortized over the remaining life, we will update you on the next quarter. Total amount of cash that came in, primarily two are CLOs, was about $16.5 million.
Michael McFerran: Yes. Steven, the charge-offs took place this quarter were all transferring loans to held for sale where they carry lower cost to market. This is simply a balance sheet convention. It doesn’t change the carrying value of the portfolio. No change to value. None of the charge-offs actually related to credit loss, rather just movements to be held for sale. You will see those periodically. I would view that number being pretty separate and apart from the 11 million of provision according to Bill’s point. But again we’ll just increase our overall provision of our unallocated reserve, but again, not relating to any specific credits.
Michael McFerran: One of the reasons for that is that we’ve been taking advantage of opportunities in distress in Europe and in Australia as an example. We buy a loan of a company we expect to go through restructuring even though we are using traditional loan accounting and having that loan as held for investment. And the underlying loan has very attractive return parameters. Maintaining a reasonable allowance against that portion of our balance sheet makes sense as well.
Michael McFerran: But as an example, Gabe, the CLO market was in the senior part of the liability side, more in the 140, 150 over range. And so we did this transaction. And then we brought the overall senior as a result of printing this transaction, new deals that are being marketed. Now we’re at the same pricing this one was done at. And so strategically, we’re protecting our downside of future credit compression through this privately negotiated transactions that we are going to principal out faster than you would in a traditional CLO. At the same time, we brought the overall liability cost down for the industry. On top of that, which is kind of interesting from our perspective, is there is a new rule being proposed, which is the skin in the game rule, which could have substantial limit on the supply of CLOs in the marketplace other than potentially for providers of the structure sets of KFN, which makes us interestingly positioned to take advantage of more demand. And there is supply in terms of product available. Sometime over the summer when and if that rule becomes effective.
Michael McFerran: No, the specifics are having really to do with – if you look at total interest income on loans, we talked earlier about discount accretion and prepayments. That’s probably the biggest piece of it. The second of it, to some extent, Gabe, is the timing of when we divested assets and repurchased assets. So sometimes in any given quarter you could see some lumpiness as we had a fair amount of pay-downs at the end of Q4 and that capital wasn’t necessarily deployed at the first day of this quarter.
Michael McFerran: When we – Jasper, for the last couple years we were talking about we were redeploying pay-down each assets that are on average at higher yield than what we’ve initially put in the CLOs. And we’ve been benefiting from that the ROEs on those deals in the 20s now. To Bill’s point, we’re going to see that come down and then we’re going to cut it off and cut in new deals somewhere in that north of mid-teens or north of their returns. But this is – what you’re speaking of the high ROE is definitely a result of deploying capital over the last couple of years.
Michael McFerran: Yes. The way to think about it is a large portion of that any one quarter-end has already been traded. It’s just in the loan market. It can take a couple weeks to settle the trade. And so it will still show up as restricted cash until the settlement date.
Michael McFerran: Where you see a fair amount of assets and from a liquidity standpoint, we also have the revolver we can always look to, which we haven’t used it quite some time, but that gives us flexibility. But as we mentioned, we think we have enough liquidity and access to our balance sheet to our borrowing facility to be able to continue to execute on the strategy without feeling constrained today.
Michael McFerran: Though we did have a substantial tax deduction in the first quarter, which has resulted restricted stock that was granted in first quarter of 2008 vesting, there was a substantial tax deduction that offset a large portion of the $0.30 for tax purposes. It really doesn’t affect GAAP.
Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors: Got you. In terms of capital for growth, we have this unrestricted cash of $129 million, we have zero borrowings on your revolver, and you mentioned on the last call and this call the term debt capital market. I have felt all along that we got to be very careful the way we sell new equity. I look at the book value, not the $9.73 number. I look at my book value, the $11.77 number. And I was curious you guys have any view of the need for additional equity or is that not in near-term time horizon. And you agree that you should be looking at the $11.77 number today as opposed to $9.73 number for any potential raise-up.
Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors: One other suggestion. I find very – not enough people know about you. It’s just a handle of us. Maybe you get on the road and tell the story a little bit.
Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors: You get some mileage, you know, mileage plus or some mileage called these days. Thank you very much.
