Bill Sonneborn: Thanks Mike. Before opening this call up to Q-&-A, I’d like to conclude by reiterating some of the key takeaways for the quarter. We are generating attractive returns to our shareholders in both in income and cash flow basis with the run rate ROE of 20% for the quarter and a net cash flow conversion ROE of 13%. These returns are being generated with the lowest level of holding company leverage we have had since our IPO. We continue to drive net interest margin and in turn earnings and cash flow by redeploying capital at higher yields to new opportunities. The third quarter is the fourth consecutive quarter of increases in net interest margin of the holdings in our CLOs. In the third quarter alone, we were able to generate a 15% sequential quarterly increase and net interest margin based upon our entire credit portfolio. We have embedded value in our corporate debt portfolio, carrying value 92% of par, roughly the same as it was back in March, which equates to a discount at par of our portfolio $4.30 per share. We have dry powder for deployment in new opportunities including additional investments that tie into our energy thesis and additional CLOs as market returns become more conducive. And as you have heard us discuss before, we are asset sensitive to changes in rates and as a result we effectively embed a free option on short-term LIBOR rising in the future. Finally; Mike and I, as well as all our colleagues at KKR manage KFN with a mindset that this is a marathon and not a spread. Our objective is to maximize the long-term shareholder value by deploying capital and manner the balances opportunities for capital appreciation with opportunities that generate attractive cash flow yield with supported distribution or dividend level that we believe can be maintained at an attractive premium to the treasury rate whatever that may be. Even during a much higher inflationary period, if one comes to past which we think the risk is elevated  KFN is managed by our entire global firm which provides us with the unparalleled ability to source new opportunities across asset classes and around the globe. From private equity co-investment opportunity such as Pets at Home and Hilcorp Resources to proprietary overseas transaction such as RBS WorldPay and an Indian Power business, to opportunities such as working interest and conventional oil and gas properties, and distressed debt transactions. We are complementing KFN’s leverage loan in high yield bond portfolio with diverse and attractive opportunities. Thank you again for joining our call today and your continued support. Operator, can you please open the call for questions.
Bill Sonneborn: Sure, new leverage loans typically have 450 to 500 basis point of credit spread and a general LIBOR 4 of one and three quarters.
Bill Sonneborn: One thing you have to realize when you looked at statistics is, we allocate capital to distress, in the special situation’s investments where it’s our goal to take it through default and restructuring. And so you have to keep in mind whether it was a situation purchase at par that’s going into default with potential loss or something, but a substantial discounts at par with the goal of equitation.
Bill Sonneborn: The rate of cash flow decline really depends upon a bunch of activities that can happen going forward. We have the right to sell anything at any time, the proceeds to which of any sales we do would be is to pass the senior financing which then effectively would speed up the amortization if you will, within the transaction and lower future cash flows in that date to any pay downs that can come.  The early pay down effectively results in an accelerated amortization. But based up on the underlying portfolio how we position that portfolio, we don’t expect the downward trend effectively in cash flow out of that transaction to really have any material impact for a while, probably starting a year from now before you start to see any material aspects of cash flow as a result of amortization.
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah, we try to position the transaction, so it have the greatest net present value adding into the end of the three investment period for those very reasons. For the first time though, I think you bring up a good point, which is going forward over into quarter we have had this period of mid to high teens sequential growth in net interest margin across our CLOs and this will be one of the CLOs, it’s virtually a small CLO that will no longer be able other than through amend and extend as Mike suggests, to continue to increase its net interest spread.
Bill Sonneborn: What’s our strategy of maximizing and optimizing rates of return? We talked in previous conference calls; we have a couple of million of assets in our balance sheet that are effectively warehoused for purposes of giving the CLO when the terms and leverage levels and structures become attractive to our shareholders.  The remainder of our portfolio is to focus on special situations as private equity and energy and natural resource investments, where we expect – I think the unleverage rate of return on those investment is very attractive to our shareholders. And so we constantly think about where the world is going, how we are positioned, and try to optimize the make up mix and specific investments in that part of our portfolio for returns.
Bill Sonneborn: That is forward-looking from September 30th. And so, you know, I think that you can look at some of the correlations over the course of the past several quarters as to how book value has moved relative to numerous credit industries and make your own informed opinion as to what book value could be today. But we don’t disclose our daily book value to investors.
Bill Sonneborn: No, the limitation is based upon estimated taxable income, which can differ from that cash number, because gains effectively, which were excluded from that cash number can trigger taxation. So taxable income could be higher or lower than that number depending upon whether there are gains, losses or other tax impacting items in any one quarter a year.
Bill Sonneborn: Sure. We’ve talked about this in the last quarter. I mean, in our comments, we have no – we will not raise capital or discount the book value. Our shareholders, in fact, we are very focused on what the cost of the capital is if we were to raise growth capital to continue to grow or expand the business relative to all the investments we are planning and sourcing.  And so as we talk about when we pulled the equity offering last May, the cost of that capital was high relative to the arbitrage, we found attractive for our shareholders, we pulled that offering and we will not come back to the market unless we believe that it’s attractive for our shareholders full stop. This is not about diluting anyone, it’s about only positioning KFN to grow its cash flow per share earnings per share and book value per share for the foreseeable future. And the only reason to raise capital is the fact earlier is those goals.
Bill Sonneborn: We’ve been looking into a variety of aspects, we expect to what’s going generally in the financial institution sector with respect to put backs and mortgages back to the original bank lenders. I have no comments to your disclosure and I think you’re expecting that, but it’s something that we are watching because it could present an opportunity for us down the road, but still developing.
Bill Sonneborn: Thank you all for your time today, and your continued support. Our team is doing a great job. We’ll get back to work and try to continue to grow and expand the business. Thank you.
Michael McFerran: Thanks. Yes sure its want kind of macro, I mean, I think the technical backdrop for credit is continued to be quite strong in that further liquidity through Q2 and the reaction in the markets over the last 24 hours continues to be very proto-cyclical in terms of bullish for credit and credit spreads.  That being said, we tend to be thoughtful in terms of the thinking defensively from a contrarianism point of view, and there are elements within credit markets which we are starting to back away from because of perception of risk versus return. We are finding opportunities in unique areas and so situations like some of the Mezz investments that we’ve made, some of the special situations investments we’ve made outside the U.S. are offering better sources of value, than we see more traditionally in high yields in the U.S.  We still believe within leverage loan that spreads are very attractive. Overall, spreads and LIBOR for us really has not changed despite the rally in credit over the course of the past several months and so we continue to be quite bullish in the loan side of the credit space, less bullish within high yield.
Michael McFerran: Our hit rate is very low because of our standards being high, so we can look at hundreds of opportunities to find one. One that we think offers the best risk adjusted returns, but fortunately we are getting access to many, many opportunities to pick and choose from.
Michael McFerran: Sure. In fact, the quarter-over-quarter, Michael we’ve kept the allowance flat as, Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks. We booked a small provision that cut the allowance where it was beginning of the quarter, we set the carrying value of the portfolio is on top of the market value, so people can do their own math with what they think, they think the ultimate recovery value is, somewhere between $0 and $4.30 per share from where we are today, but we feel pretty good about how that the balance sheet’s positioned at the moment.
Michael McFerran: Certainly, with the recovery in the high yield markets in particular, there is a tremendous amount of activity going on in private equity within LBO’s both within the U.S. and Europe as we speak. Transaction size is increasing, it wouldn’t surprise me to see transactions with $5 million to $10 billion of total consideration potentially in the next few months or quarters.  And with the amount of dry power in the side line within the private equity industry generally, including our colleagues here at KKR, in a view of equity values being relatively attractive from a multiple and cash flow perspective, we’ve now achieved some reasonably well position from a conservative perspective. We expect the continuous trend we are seeing in buyout activity to actually stay at alleviated levels over the next, at least couple of quarters.
Michael McFerran: No, it was too smaller holdings; we got into a default status. One thing to keep in mind is, one is that both are really small positions we had in our portfolio. Two not necessarily a bad thing it depends on the respective assets, but often we view, when something goes in default there is an opportunity for us, as we go through restructuring, you usually expect it to come out at other end the more attractive piece of paper and quite possibly some equity upside.
Michael McFerran: And Matt, one other things to add Bill’s comment is as you see amend and extend activity continue, which won’t be a surprise for us. You actually, now offset some of the principal pay down because we are seen more of the existing asset portfolio having LIBOR4 for us, but potentially from higher spreads.
Michael McFerran: Sure, I mean I think one of the challenges of the CLO market, securitization market is actually an advantage for us, because we do have a desire to hold all of the subordinated charges and have a material economic interests, which is one of the issues that the Regulatory Act is trying to pursue effectively incentive wise.  Right now there’s six yields in the market today. The pricing of structure leverage levels, flexibility around reimbursement period and call continue to improve. I think our goal is to see the market receptivity on a number of these transactions, we’ve been actively engaged in considering and thinking about those terms and structuring, and working with the street and potential investors, but our goal is to try to bring the best economic deal for our shareholders not the first.
Michael McFerran: It works but our goal is really focusing on the right returns to our shareholders at KFN and our belief is that the returns are going to be better after some of these transactions get done and...
Michael McFerran: We already have a reasonably large, warehouse pool of loans on our balance sheet for CLO, we would draw on the credit facility opportunistically based upon investor opportunities we see to maximize the alignment of our capital structure in the return profile generally investments.
Michael McFerran: Good question. The first question that you asked was definition of earnings; we really look at for purposes of distribution policy. I mean obviously the board makes a variety of debates and deliberations on dividend policy with respect to trying to distribute dividends to our shareholders that we know they look forward, but also in terms of what reinvestment rate from retained earnings we would like to redeploy back into the business to generate returns and we talked about the cash earnings figure as you suggest on page 11 is probably the best phases, is that the only way to think about distribution policy, but that would be a theoretically available cash, excess cash for distribution to shareholders to the extent that we could not find reinvestment uses of those proceeds at mid-teens rates of returns, which is what we are doing.  So if you think we’ve kind of retained about $0.25 through the first nine months of this year. We’ve reinvested that in our view at target rates of returns that should add another $0.04 of EPS on that $0.25 on an annualized basis going forward about $0.01 a quarter on target return threshold. And your second question, within our CLOs we do have restricted cash. That cash, a lot of it has been invested. It’s just a question of was it on trade versus settlement day cash. But that cash is being effectively reinvested typically out of loans that were priced to LIBOR plus 250 to 300 into loans that have LIBOR 4 175 to LIBOR plus kind of 4 to 450. And so incremental spread will result in additional cash within those structures to our shareholders going forward, which is really how our net interest margin has been expanding and therefore our cash earnings have been expanding over the past several quarters. Your third question, there is 750 million assets at HoldCo you mentioned.
Michael McFerran: Sure. On the first one, the allowance, we booked a provision of 8 million. We had a couple of charge-offs Wayne. It’s more accounting than anything, we moved two loans to our Held for Sale category, so we have brought them down the market.
Michael McFerran: No, it’s just – especially at our CLOs, we always are looking to rebalance our holdings. We frequently move loans to Held for Sale to give us flexibility straight out of the things that have run up in price or we may have credit concern around the trade...
Michael McFerran: Correct, but it’s from our original cost basis, but based on risk return analysis, we may think it might be the right place to get out of something. So, our objective is at this point was to keep your allowance effectively flat, so we booked the provision of 8 million as the percentage of assets are obviously very small.
Michael McFerran: On the second one, around CLOs, pricing is not the key to determine, Wayne, it’s important but there is several other variables we look at. But one is obviously leverage, which goes part and parcel with pricing. In addition to that, we are also especially focused on structure dynamics, notably reinvestment periods and non-call periods.
Michael McFerran: And so those seems to us are equally important as pricing, pricing definitely seems as if it’s come under, where you could do senior notes, say below LIBOR plus 200, that seems to be pushed downwards, but Bill’s prior comments we’re very, very focused around the entire structure and as we’ve been saying throughout 2010, frankly being patient would be in our benefit versus trying to rush to market with a deal, and as markets evolved throughout the year, we feel that we’re pleased that we’ve been patient and we’ll continue to watch it.
Michael McFerran: Yes. Well obviously the holiday is coming up, we’ll see that. But I think we’ll continue to stay close. Because we have a lot of, what we would call, recycling ability in our existing CLOs, we really benefit from the ability of not having to do a deal right now. Because we don’t recycle that capital on those deals we have and we don’t feel constrained by not being able to participate in new opportunities by having to do a CLO, but when it feels right we’ll do them.
Michael McFerran: Yes, it’s down to 100 million, Wayne. This is the run rates of our week days, its small; it’s got a par value of about 2.5 times market.
Michael McFerran: If the road improves a lot, maybe there’s a little upside there we would hope, but this is, I guess, again a one-off portfolio that I expect to see half the size, 12 to 18 months from now.
Michael McFerran: Sure, absolutely. I don’t think it’s probably -- I just expect to what commissions we have within 3Q other than in previous quarters we talked about virtually all of our investments being in the senior secured loan, which is secured by – which is senior to where all the exchanges took place and secured by both on core and retail in the generation business.  We generally have a number of protections with respect to investors and conflicts of interest governed by our independent directors through a committee that’s been formed called the Affiliate Transaction Committee. They review and oversee any sort of investment exposures or potential conflicts involving our private equity funds or KFN. In addition to that, the manager has established a number of policies and procedures to protect against any harm to investors at KFN from existing or potential conflicts of interest, which is ultimately overseen by a global conflicts committee at the manager level. And so, there is a number of checks and balances made to make sure that none of those things are being done in any way shape or form to damage gas and/or its investors or potential return. And in the case of the aforementioned exchange, again we are pretty much just focused on the senior secured term loan and our exposure.
Matthew Howlett – Macquarie: Got you. So, I mean we’ve just been hearing that prepay activity is high and things could come down really quickly. You structured in a way, you’ve built in a way where there is not really near term maturities and there is not guys looking to refinance out of that, is that safe to say, as it’s sort of going to drag along.
Matthew Howlett – Macquarie: Right. It’s fair enough thanks to you guys. And the same with the 0501, I mean that’s – that could enter its reinvestment period about next year at some point of the time. Can we just assume the same type of structure in terms of so you’re running of slower and…
Matthew Howlett – Macquarie: So the execution is it’s just not there yet, AAA’s aren’t tied enough to make the deal work or the levels, or it’s just not low enough that....
