Bill Sonneborn: Thanks, Mike. Consistent with my remarks last quarter, our business has increasing momentum driven by a multi-faceted strategy for deploying in various areas and specific transactions where we see the best opportunities to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns and future cash flow to our shareholders. Needless to say, we're operating at an unstable economic environment as we witness the cross-Atlantic saga play out between the U.S. debt ceiling and deficit challenges and the sovereign debt issues in Europe combined with the continued inflationary pressures in emerging markets and the slowing U.S. economy. We expect most markets in which we operate will experience increasing volatility/ With that backdrop, we're well positioned to perform. This is a dramatic difference than it was in December 2008. Heading into that credit crisis and economic weakening, we're faced with asset class concentration, low liquidity, refinancing concerns and over $2 billion of mark-to-market liability risk requiring margin to be posted. KFN is different today and all us at KKR are working to realize the opportunity that KFN presents to us and to our fellow shareholders. With that, I'll open this call for questions. Operator, if you could please open it up for questions please.
Bill Sonneborn: It's really two things. One, there is a little bit of backing up in asset prices. And second, we did, as you'll see from our large realized gains during the quarter, we did divest a fair amount of bond holdings that were carried at a price well above par. Some of it was just related to realized and some of the higher price of assets.
Bill Sonneborn: It really depends on our specific assets. We're purchasing things now as a result of credit market's weakness. They directly shouldn't trade where they are based on the risk. And so theoretically, yes, the answer is that is possible. So you could revert to a carrying value, fair value adjustment. That was on the corporate debt portfolio. We talked about $0.22 roughly of fair value market value versus carrying value in our natural resources investments, which you can add to the number for the quarter. But when you think about the portfolio, we buy stuff when it trades down, and then it should revert to historical normal values and that should drive additional spread between fair value and carrying value.
Bill Sonneborn: If we don't do an additional natural resource investment, you'll see decline in G&A and pickup in earnings from the strategy in future quarters.
Bill Sonneborn: That shows up as an unrealized gain in the financial statement as of the second quarter, and then that will be converted to cash in the fourth quarter, when Marathon's transaction closes.
Bill Sonneborn: Our philosophy on that, Jasper, today has been consistent. The returns to our shareholders dropped kind of from high-teens, as Mike mentioned, down to mid-teens would be to call and refinance or amended expense.
Bill Sonneborn: If you look at Page 15 and you compare it to the supplemental materials in the last quarter and you do a compare and contrast the general largest holdings this quarter versus last quarter, and to Mike's point, you'll see that it moved to available-for-sale and therefore charged up against the reserve a number of our large concentrated positions to the point where our top 50 holdings as a percent of our total is at the lowest point since the early 2005.
Bill Sonneborn: Steven, we don't really topic from a macro perspective the broad, we'll call it, S&P GICS industry classifications other than to look at them to make sure that we're diversified from a risk perspective. So within each of these broad industry classifications, there are so many different sub-sectors and sub-industries that have completely different correlations to one another. That's really where the rubber meets the road. And so we're looking at issuer-specific risk and their individual sub-sector industry relative to other opportunities and other specific industries and trying to create diversity across each of these industry classifications and their ultimate sub-classifications; and then look at it as we build that up as to what that overall risk exposure is, both directly and indirectly to things relating to such as commodities or to government procurement either domestically or abroad to the consumer in terms of discretionary and the like. So hope that answers your question.
Bill Sonneborn: Certainly, I think we're generally trying to stay away, because of the growth of our security programs globally spreading from Europe now into the U.S. government, as the safety source of expense to drive the economy. And moving more into business-to-business type of risk where, we actually see some pretty descent held. We remain somewhat cautious on consumer discretionary, because until you start to see more stabilization, particularly in the U.S. and this is true also internationally in Europe of residential real estate. We think there'll be a cautious consumer, particularly from a discretionary perspective. And we're starting to see some positive signs there. You see that in U.K. today, particularly in the London market. And we are starting to see that in places for field from New York and San Francisco, for some stabilization in U.S. residential real estate, and particularly on the rental side and now in the home-owner side. That's when we start to get a little more bullish on a consumer discretionary. But generally speaking, we think austerity as it's kind of laid out will have a dampening effect on global economies, reflect interest rate to stay relatively low for at least the next 18 to 24 months through the election cycle. We don't think anything draconian necessarily is going to happen. But we've built-in enough tail hedge protection in how we've designed the balance sheet in our portfolio to sleep well at night regardless of what happens.
Bill Sonneborn: Lee, what we said was there's a bit of volatility in that cash earnings number. It's related to debt service. So while we said, run rate earnings this quarter was $0.36 on a normalized basis. And we've wanted to caution people, it's really a $0.30 number.
Bill Sonneborn: And that's a way we're going to regain capital between now and the convert take out date. And some total of that at a mid-teens expected rate of return of which we expect a little over half of it to be cash, like realized current consistent cash and some may either have an accrual in terms of a discount accretion concept, or some other total rate of return component. That's how we think about modeling the business.
Bill Sonneborn: That's something we mentioned in the last quarter. Strategically, our next capital market transactions we're focused on is, one which we could have term financing at the holding company. Our leverage has continued to decline materially at the holding company to the point where we're 7.3 levered on a recourse basis at the holding company. And so lowering our cost of capital is clearly something that's high in our priority, until we've been very much working on that project. And I think that sometime in the next 6 to 12 months we'd like to achieve something.
Bill Sonneborn: No, it wasn't. There was another private equity investment that we held at unrealized gain, so just a mark-to-market unrealized gain percentage (inaudible) as a result of it being a closer entity, which is a PTP. Therefore, we needed to structure it and hold that investment in a C corp locker sub of the company. Corresponding with the write-up of the fair market value, we recorded a differed tax liability, representing corporate tax rate on that unrealized gain that we recorded pursuant to its increase in fair market value.
Bill Sonneborn: Thank you all. We appreciate your continued interest and trust. We'll get back to our working on the next quarter. Have a good evening.
Michael McFerran: We've, as you've seen, credit backup a little bit. We've definitely seen a decline in prepayments than what we were experiencing late in the first quarter, early part of the second quarter. But it can be episodic at times for specific transactions.
Michael McFerran: Yes, it's can be disclosed in our 10-Q which we'll be filing later this week. I think it's disclosed in our last 10-Q. A little less than 4% of our total balance sheet was denominated in foreign currency, and we do hedge most of that. While we continue to place some capital to foreign opportunities, as Bill referenced, especially sub-strategy, it doesn't make up a material portion of our total portfolio.
Michael McFerran: Obviously if you think about on a bottoms-up and top-down basis, every quarter as to what the prudent amount of what the loss reserves should be and whether or not an additional provision is warranted, and those kind of sometimes offset each other. Where top-down, you could be much more cautious than the bottoms-up, really drive in terms of results. So this particular quarter, you see no additional provision predominantly because bottoms-up credit risk in terms of looking at our underlying positions and where they stand feels really good, even though we had loan growth during the quarter.
Michael McFerran: We reduced our high yield exposure during the quarter just as part of risk management, which resulted in realized gains occurring and therefore the fair market value too, the carrying value spread reduced a little bit.
Michael McFerran: I mean most notably it is related to, as we mentioned the call, the oil and gas working interest acquisitions. Most notably, we acquired $55.4 million of working interest. Under GAAP, we have to see expense, not capitalize all acquisition cost. So they are a bit episodic. I would expect that number probably running $2 million to $3 million higher than you would see in the quarter if those activities didn't occur. I believe I want to highlight that in periods where we make acquisitions, you're going to see some higher expense as a result. All that really helped the effect on us not having capitalized expenses, but be amortized during the life of the deal.
Michael McFerran: I think we've been in expansionary phase in the context of natural resources. We haven't done anything to decrease our transactions we announced at the end of last quarter. And I think that's indicative of seeing opportunities as a result of economic weakening and general credit price declines. But there is aspects within credit now which we find even more attractive than on which we're focused at the end of the first quarter. So that ebbs and flows. And so we've been deploying more capital both through our CLOs and credit as a result of new issue loan spreads kind of widening by around 100 basis points over the past four weeks, which drives some very attractive returns for our shareholders both in our legacy CLOs and in CLO 2011-1.
Michael McFerran: We've had risk limits that we've instituted both in the context of underlying investment exposures, geographic exposures and the like, and that obviously also relates to commercial real estate. And our focus in commercial real estate in terms of the activities we're pursuing is predominantly in income-producing situations where we have high cash on cash returns to our shareholders as opposed to more private equity long-duration development type transactions. And specifically in Europe, where we are seeing opportunities, what we talked about last quarter which is the general bank deleveraging which is actually kind of accelerating even faster than we had anticipated as a result of sovereign exposure amongst number of the banks that we're in discussions with. And when you look at their portfolios, being inside and going through their book, a very large amount of exposures to commercial real estate assets both performing and non-performing loans. And so in conjunction with our real estate team at the manager, we are spending a lot of time taking advantage of the ability to look for those situations where on a proprietary basis as opposed to an auction format we can structure something that makes sense for our shareholders.
Michael McFerran: Whether with them or other counterparties, we definitely think there is opportunities to keep exploring these private CLO-type transactions. We're receiving a lot of interest in it.
Michael McFerran: No, we don't think of our credit facility as something to finance longer-duration assets. So any of those type of portfolio transaction is to be financed independently, whether through a CLO-type structure with seller-based term financing or the like.
Michael McFerran: Some of the assets you saw on our balance sheet at quarter-end are going over to it as a small amount. And the rest are going to be held for future transactions. As far as the ramp-up period, it'll be done by September 30.
Michael McFerran: No, I mean those CLO '05 like the '05-1 OC is still well in excess of where it was when we did the deal. So we feel very, very comfortable with the OC level. That's just more a function of buying and selling of assets; and sometime, especially assets we had bought towards the end of the crisis in the low to mid-80s. We maybe divesting other times which eats a little bit of that OC, but nothing that we're uncomfortable with. As far as calling those two deals, and they are both generating now high-teens low-20 cash IRRs, we're very pleased with their performance. And as prepayments in the lower market feel pretty slow at the moment, I don't think there is anything in the near term that needs to be done.
Michael McFerran: Notably, it's about 3.1% this quarter-end and I think a little closer to 3.4% last quarter. As we said in the last few quarters, the portfolio is performing very well. We have what we consider as very prudent reserve that we think frankly provide from a combination as we've grown the portfolio a bit. There is nothing to cause a concern. We did divest some amounts of holdings that we had a little more concern around compared to others.
Michael McFerran: As we're seeing opportunities to redeploy capital from principal repayment, we're seeing more deals clearly in the prime areas which has slowed down quite a bit with LIBOR floors, which continues to benefits the CLOs. And prices have come, backed up a little a bit to, Bill mentioned, that 100 basis range. So we are seeing some yield benefit.
Michael McFerran: The allowance for loan losses, because we moved some incremental loans from held-for-investment to held-for-sale, the overall loan portfolio actually increased during the quarter.
Michael McFerran: Yes, we definitely benefit in new highlight of this from not using short-term, and especially it's not short-term mark-to-market financing. But frankly with the amount of cash we have and our underlying credit facility, we feel pretty comfortable. We don't need half in short-term people or swap markets for financing. As Bill alluded to earlier, other more strategic asset purchases, whether they're down from our national resources strategy or from commercial real estate, have financing embedded either through a non-recourse facility that entered into simultaneous with the acquisition of the investment or by seller provided financing. That's what the banks are thinking from lending, I'd have to differ to them.
