Craig Larson: Thank you, Nova. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings call. Thanks for joining us. As usual, I'm joined by Bill Janetschek, our CFO; and Scott Nuttall, Global Head of Capital and Asset Management. We'd like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our press release and our supplementary presentation, both of which are available on the Investor Center section of kkr.com. The call will contain forward-looking statements which do not guarantee future events or performance. And please to refer to our SEC filings for cautionary factors related to the statements. And with that, I'm going to begin on page 2 of the supplement. This morning, we reported strong first quarter results, and importantly, these results reflect many of the themes and business drivers that we've been reviewing with you over the last several quarters. In terms of our financial performance, we've had a strong start to the year, reporting after-tax economic net income of $550 million in the quarter, which equates to $0.60 of after-tax ENI per adjusted unit, and over the trailing 12 months, we generated $1.7 billion of after-tax ENI. After-tax distributable earnings were $346 million for the quarter, and we've also generated over $1.7 billion of after-tax DE on a trailing 12-month basis. Now, while these results are strong, we actually think the performance of the firm as a whole feels even better. This is a quarter with the power of our model where we look to marry our third-party business together with our capital markets franchise and the balance sheet to generate superior outcomes for our fund investors and the firm was quite evident. And Scott is going to expand on these slots in a few minutes. And finally, we've announced our regular $0.17 per unit distribution for the quarter. And with that, I'm happy to turn it over to Bill to discuss our performance in more detail.
Craig Larson: And, Nova, just before we begin, I'd like to say it looks like we do have a lot of people in the queue, so if we could please ask people to ask one question and a follow-up, that would be great.
Craig Larson: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call this quarter. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to connect with us after the call. Thanks, everybody.
William Joseph Janetschek: Yeah. When you take a look, there are some small, some large investments in that category pending. And back of the envelope, that will produce roughly about $250 million of cash earnings, either in the second quarter or the third quarter. There's a couple of investments here that might actually slip to the third.
William Joseph Janetschek: And, Mike, this is Bill. Just to add a little color around pipeline when you think about what we've got in the Q, second quarter, third quarter, back in the envelope, the total capital that we were looking to deploy it on signed transactions that haven't closed in private markets alone, so I'm not talking about public markets, is roughly about $3 billion. And to Scott's point, roughly only about $700 million of that $3 billion is going to be invested in North America PE. The good news in the second and third quarter, like we're showing on slide 5, like in the first quarter is it's broad-based. We have signed commitments for roughly about $600 million in Europe, $750 million plus in PE Asia. We also have a couple of hundred million signed in energy, a few hundred million in infrastructure, a couple of hundred million in real estate. So, when you look across all the platforms are deploying a good amount of capital in the first quarter, and that trend will continue in the second and third.
William Joseph Janetschek: And, Devin, just to give you more color around the transaction piece in the capital markets business, when you slice through the numbers, roughly about 55% of that revenue came from outside the United States. And equally as important, about 20% of that revenue was generated from our third-party business.
William Joseph Janetschek: Devin, this is Bill again. The punch line is that it was a good quarter on every single platform that we manage. And so, when you look at the assets, private equity was up. Real estate was up nicely. Infrastructure was up. On the alternative credit side, I mentioned earlier in prepared remarks, we had a very nice quarter on the balance sheet in Special Sits. And so, it's great when things are working.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Alex. This is Bill. The only thing I could tell you is stay tuned. We're doing the same thing you're doing. We are watching what's going on down in Washington as these proposals or potential proposals come up. We certainly analyze every single one. But until we get more concrete information, there's really nothing to comment on.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Craig. This is Bill Janetschek. As we have mentioned on the last couple of calls, we're mindful of our share count as far as compensating people who will issue shares on a pretty regular basis, and we'll use that buyback to make sure that that we do not have share creep. We didn't use the buyback plan this particular quarter technically. But if you might have seen the press release, we ended up cancelling about 1.9 million shares after quarter end and we used about $35 million of cash off the balance sheet to retire those shares.
William Joseph Janetschek: As we mentioned on a couple of calls, we were mindful of what's going on in Washington. We'll be excited to see if there is any tax legislation that is passed. And based upon what comes out of Washington to the extent that it might make economic sense, we're always open-minded as to what we might do with our corporate structure.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Chris. This is Bill. You are right. The 2006 fund, we started investing in 2006. We went into the post-investment period in 2012. Typically, from that end of the fund life, we usually try to monetize those investments over the next five to seven years. So, just doing broad math, you should see some monetization certainly from that fund because they are a mature assets over the next few years.
William Joseph Janetschek: Chris, every fund is different. And so some are 12 years from when the first investment was made. Some funds are eight years after the last investment was made. I don't know the exact particulars around the 2006 fund. But to Scott's point, we have a lot of flexibility as to when we need to monetize those investments.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Rob. This is Bill. You are right. When you take a look at the cash balance, it's pretty much in line with where we closed at the end of the year. I would say it's slightly more elevated than the cash balance we want to run our business at. But you can't look at this quarter to quarter. Things come in episodically, and so, we continue to have fortunately some monetizations, which are putting that cash on the balance sheet. The one thing to note is that, and Scott mentioned this earlier, we are making large-size commitments now to our funds. So, we committed $1 billion to Americas XII. We just committed $500 million to Asia III. So, we're sitting right now with total commitments of roughly $3 billion-plus, and we're going to need to fund that. Now, that won't have to happen over the next year, but we're cautious with deploying capital and knowing that we have some significant commitments, we're comfortable where cash is right now for the time being.
William Joseph Janetschek: Rob, you are right technically that we've got a halfway decent amount of uncalled capital. But when you take a look at the table on page 13, it was $1.2 billion fund. We've actually deployed about $900 million. The one reason why that unused commitment number doesn't equal is that we have the ability to recycle. So, when you're looking at this, we do have the ability if we wanted to to deploy another $600 million. You are right that, technically, the investment period ends at the end of May. But keep in mind, a lot of the real estate positions that we have where we make a commitment and then we build up that strategy over the next couple of years. So, regardless of this number, we're still going to need a halfway decent amount of reserve capital in order to make sure we don't have a cross fund issue when we actually close real estate too.
William Joseph Janetschek: All right. Well, to break it down, let's talk about Americas XII first. Americas XII management fee is in that first quarter because we had a closing on that fund and that fund went live on January 1. So, we have a full quarter of management fees in that number. As it relates to Asia III, we did have a first close on March 31, and $5.3 billion of that capital is now subject to a management fee. And so, you're not going to see that in the first quarter. You'll see that uplift in the second quarter. If you'll turn to the supplement on page 4, it will give you a little bit of guidance. On the far right, we have the Asian II only and what that fee would be. Now, Asia II going from the investment to the post-investment period and Asia III coming online. And assuming we hit that $8.5 billion hard cap, which we're quite comfortable we're going to do, you're going to see an increase in management fees from Asia II and III of roughly about another $55 million. So, you'll see that, long-winded way of me telling you Asia III in the second quarter.
William Joseph Janetschek: It could be possible if we have a final close on Asia III by June 30, yes. If not, then it will peak in the third quarter.
Scott C. Nuttall: Thanks, Glenn, it's Scott. Well, I guess, first, let me answer the question on exposure. So if you look across our different larger pools of capital, private equity we have about 8% of the portfolio in retail to broadly define retail and credit, it's about 6%. And on the whole, we're underweight relative to the indices. And I think if you look under the hood of the different types of exposures we have, you'll see a lot of what we're doing is in the value-oriented space. As you know, we kind of did Dollar General several years ago. We're now out of that investment but have made other investments in this value-oriented part of the retail space which we continue to like. So, we are spending time. We do see it as a potential opportunity in different parts of the firm's investment activities, but I think you'll probably see it more in the value-oriented side. And in real estate, we have some exposure to retail but we think we've created attractive valuations and are upbeat about the return opportunity. So, we actually see it as a net opportunity and we're underexposed today.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Happy to take that, Mike. So, if you sit back for a second, the deployment in the first quarter was $5.4 billion and it's all detailed on page 5 of the slide deck. If you really break that into its component parts, you see about $900 million of that was in alternative credit. About $3.5 billion, $3.6 billion, give or take was in private equity. And then, if you look within private equity, you'd see almost $2 billion of that $3.5 billion was in Asia. And so the story has really been for us a meaningful tick up in Asia deployment with a particular focus on corporate carve out transactions in Japan. And if you look more broadly and say where are we net buyers versus net sellers? In Asia, we're net buyers in private equity. In Europe and the U.S., we've been net sellers. In terms of your question about multiples, it really varies across the different markets. I would say a lot of the transactions that we're doing in Asia where we've seen a lot more deployment as of late had been in the 7 to 9 times EBITDA range with very low cost financing. So, we think we're actually creating very attractive capital structures and attractive post-financing cash flow for ourselves in these carve-outs. And if you look at the U.S. opportunities, it's really going to run the gamut depending on the growth. But we are late cycle. So, you see that we're net sellers U.S. and Europe. But we are finding some niche idiosyncratic opportunities where our industry expertise and operational expertise, we think, give us good line of sight to significant value creation despite where we are in the cycle.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great question, Mike. I think what we continue to see is the value creation being driven by improved operating fundamentals in the portfolio of companies themselves. So, if you look at our private equity portfolio broadly, last 12 months, high single-digit revenue growth, high single-digit EBITDA growth, which translates given the capital structures into meaningful net income growth, well ahead of what you'd see in the public markets. And so, that trend continues. And we're seeing attractive growth U.S., Europe and Asia with particularly strong operating fundamentals in Europe over the last 12 months. So, it's really driven by making the companies better post investment and the growth in the portfolio themselves as opposed to multiple expansion or anything else.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Devin. It's Scott. I'm happy to get more granular. There's nothing that I'd point to in terms of pent-up opportunity or anything with respect to the response to the capital markets which have been open the last, I think, several quarters. It's really, I think, a few different things. One is, as you can see on slide 5, we had pretty broad-based deployment around the world and across our businesses in the quarter. And that's the first thing is a lot of the capital markets business, 70%, 80% typically is going to be driven by KKR-led investments. So, we were particularly active in the quarter, and that's kind of contributing factor number one. Contributing factor number two is we're using the model better. And I think we're using the model more consistently. So, a lot of the drivers this quarter for example, were on the infrastructure side. Which would not have been the case a couple of years ago. It was quite broad based across the different businesses that were using balance sheet and capital markets more consistently. The third-party business especially around our credit franchise, where we're speaking for larger debt transactions, holding what we want and syndicating the rest, that model is working quite effectively today and I'd say more effectively than even a couple quarters ago. So, that would be the second contributing factor. And the third contributing factor is really what's happening in Asia. Our private equity business in Asia over the last several years has been heavier on the minority growth investment side, where there's less opportunity frankly to use the entire model and machine. And what we're seeing more recently is more control buyout transactions especially as I referenced in Japan, we're really able to use the whole model. And if you look in the first quarter between Calsonic and Hitachi Koki, those transactions were ones where we're able to use balance sheet, capital markets, speak for significant portions of capital and syndicate them. And so, the expansion and evolution of the Asia private equity business would be the third piece of the evolution I'd point you to.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. Look, it's a good question. I think it's going to be hard to get entirely precise on that because it depends by business to some extent. So, for example, the Americas private equity business, as you know, we've made a billion-dollar commitment to what is a nearly $14 billion fund, so that would be pro rata. We might do some co-invest alongside the fund commitment. Asia, we've made a $500-million commitment off the balance sheet to fund. That's going to be about $9.25 billion, we believe. So, it's really going to depend on the mix of what strategies we're investing in an individual quarter. Alex, but I'd say for the most part in our more mature businesses, we're in this kind of 5% to 10% GP commitment range in terms of the fund investment. For some of the newer businesses, it's higher because as you know we seed those strategies. And then on top of that to make the math very hard for you to do in terms of modeling quarter to quarter, we from time to time do co-investments alongside those deals and alongside those funds, and then we may seed new strategies from time to time. So, it's going to be hard to give you a specific formula. I'd say that 7% when you put all that and mix together, it's not out of the ordinary. But I can't tell you it's going to look like that every quarter.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Bill, it's Scott. Look, I think we have a lot of different strategies and funds in the market. So, we got to finish the loop on Asia III and finish the fund-raising there over the course of the next few months. In real estate, I'd point you to, because we've got both our global opportunistic equity funds in the market and we're raising capital for our credit strategies within real estate. So, that's another area where we see opportunities. Our healthcare growth fund is still in the market, so new opportunities there. And then on the public market side, we've got our private credit opportunistic fund which is our successor to our mezz fund. Our third direct lending fund is in the market. And then over time, you'll see a third infrastructure fund and ultimately you're a private equity. So, a lot of line of sight on the more episodic fund front. And then we've got good flows on CLOs, leverage loans, high yield and the our hedge fund efforts have also been bringing capital. So, I'd say it's pretty broad based in terms of where you're going to see more scale. It's in more of those episodic funds, which as you know tend to have more of these lumpy closes. The other trend I would point you to is we continue to find that larger institutional investors are interested in consolidating their relationships. So, they want to do more investing with fewer firms like ours. And so this trend, we've discussed in the past to strategic partnerships, which can be long term and large scale continues. And I think that's another thing that I think we'll keep you posted on. But there's increasing conversations on that front.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah, sure. Look, I think there's lots of puts and takes in these kinds of discussions, but just take the recent private equity funds as an example. The economics are at least as good, if not better in aggregate and the fund sizes are bigger. So, there's absolutely the case that there is discussions with investors about value for service. But we sounded if you keep your returns high, there's an opportunity to kind of the keep the terms in place for the most part. And frankly, we will if someone wants to give us large size or long-term visibility on capital. We'll consider reducing economics but it's in the service of a better revenue picture overall.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. But I think the short answer, Chris, is we don't have a gun to our head in terms of anything forcing us to create outcomes in terms of exits. And we still see value creation opportunities in a number of those investments, which is why we still own them. I think if you look at our portfolio overall, 35% or so of our private equity fair market values over 5 years sold, 33% of its marked it over 2 times cost and almost 50% over 1.5 times cost. So, we still see the upside in those investment. But some of them are more mature. And you'll continue to see exits. So, we see a nice runway to continue to create exits.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. The extension if we were to, Chris, ever end up in a situation where we're nearing the end of a partnership life, it can be extended at our option. I think it may work.
Scott C. Nuttall: So, there's no – 41 years in, we've never had to monetize anything ahead of when we thought it was appropriate.
Scott C. Nuttall: It's a great question. Well, Patrick, I'd say – I'd point you to a couple of different things in terms of what's different. One, the multiples that we are paying for assets as an industry have crept up. But if you look at what we're doing as a firm around the world, it's lower now than it was before the crisis, the 2006-2007 type of timeframe. If you look at the multiples, they're higher than what we're doing on the average now, would be the first thing I would say. The second thing is the leverage is lower. And so, leverage in transaction has crept up quite meaningfully. Pre-crisis, we're seeing transaction overall, debt to EBITDA lower than we had at that time, so less financial risk than at that time. The other thing I would say is the mix geographically, entirely different. A lot of those larger transactions were U.S.-based, some Europe. As I mentioned, most of our deployment as of late is coming out of Asia. Newer market for us, lower multiples, different macroeconomic considerations, opportunities for global growth. So, significantly different there as well. And then, the last thing I'd say is I think we've all learned lessons from going through the crisis, and so we've been monetizing investments. And as I mentioned, it's important to look at the net, not the gross. We've been net sellers in the U.S. and Europe and monetizing through strategic sales, IPOs, secondaries, dividend recaps and taking chips off the table at this part of the market cycle. So, I think we are quite cautious about investing in this market in private equity in the U.S. and Europe in particular, but we are finding some opportunities we like, but there's been more selling than buying. And then I think the other thing to look at is the firm overall. We're an entirely different firm now than we were in 2006. We did not have an alternative credit business. We didn't have energy income and growth. We didn't have infrastructure. We didn't have real estate. We didn't have a balance sheet. We didn't have a capital markets business. It's a very, very different enterprise than what we were then. So, I think we've learned in terms of private equity in particular, but the models evolve significantly as well.
Scott C. Nuttall: We have had interactions with them, and they've been great. We like having smart, long-term investors as shareholders. We welcome ValueAct ownership in our stock and on their partnership. We've had discussions. I think they understand and share the vision we have for the business of the firm. And so it's been a good set of interactions so far, and quite positive in a shared perspective on where we can go.
Scott C. Nuttall: Thanks, Michael. So, a couple of things. First on the Marshall Wace part of the question. The partnership is off to an excellent start. Assets are up 50% since we announced the partnership and we've found lots of ways to work together and create value across both organizations. So I'd say, fantastic partnership thus far and ahead of expectations. In terms of M&A at the management company, I'd just tell you that our ambitions are limited. We are not focused necessarily on M&A as a growth tool. We see a lot of opportunity to grow organically. We'll look from time to time at opportunities across some of our newer businesses, so I think maybe infrastructure, real estate, and we'll look in different markets around the world where we're newer entrant. But for the most part, we've determined that growing organically is a more attractive approach for us. We will consider in these opportunities from time to time. In the hedge fund space, I would tell you that Marshall Wace is likely our swan song at least for the time being. We really enjoy that partnership. We're looking to build in hedge fund through Marshall Wace, and the partnership that we now have with PAAMCO and Prisma, which are the two largest components of our hedge fund strategy along with Nephila and BlackGold rounding it out. So, our hedge fund approach is going to be through these partnerships, which is we're done off the balance sheet so, it's kind of an extension of the firm.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great question. So look, we continue to focus in this space in a couple of different fronts. So, I think as we've discussed in the past, we've built a direct high net worth effort inside the firm, which is just part one. Part two is the work we do with platforms and so we have a number of relationships where we're marketing through wirehouse and other platforms around the world several of our products. Part three is that we spent time in independent broker dealer channel, have a partnership in particular in credit, where we've created our BDC, which is in now in excess of $4 billion and have a second one in the market. And so, those are really the main three ways that we've been building. We have also created other partnerships. Some of those I put more on the R&D front to try to find different ways to package what we do for the retail investor and the mass affluent. To date, those efforts have borne quite a bit of fruit. Depending on the period you're looking at, they're anywhere from, call it, 10% to 15% of the capital we raised to in some periods upwards of 20%. And we've been raising last 12 months $27 billion give or take. So, the last 12 months has been 10% to 15% range. So, it's been $3 billion-plus give or take of our assets raised have been from that space. And if you look back five years ago, that was virtually zero. And so, we see a significant amount of opportunity to grow from here through all those different efforts and more that we're working on.
