Bill Sonneborn: The hedge at the end of the quarter was $50 million drawn in euro under our credit facility offset by the $150 million of the asset exposure so it was net long $100 million of euros and about $18 million of pound sterling.
Bill Sonneborn: Just in terms about our opportunities, Gabe, the answer to your question, of course, well, we have talked about during the first quarter earnings and then, now continues in terms of our ability outside the CLOs and in particular in the context of private equity transactions starting to occur particularly third-party, sponsors both in U.S. and Europe for our ability to deploy capital and some interesting opportunities that generate kind of whole rate returns outside of our CLOs, that are equity like which we’ve talked about, which is targeting kind of greater than 14% to 15% expected returns in an unleveraged passion outside of our unsecuritization vehicle.
Bill Sonneborn: You mean the swaps really try to what their interest rate curve looks like and if you kind of look at it from a duration perspective of roughly 7 to 10 years. If you see any increase in rates from where they were 73% at the end of the quarter, you will see a reverse of GAAP affecting the swap.
Bill Sonneborn: Okay.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  So I sure have all the questions but would stop here.
Bill Sonneborn: KKR Financial is not a real estate investment trust. It’s organized as a publicly traded partnership. In May of 2007, it was at that point from it’s formation to May 2007, a REIT but it converted from a REIT to a publicly traded partnership that was driven to increase flexibility for the business to make investments outside of it’s mortgage holding which is why our mortgage portfolio now is a very modest amount of our assets and capital.Edward Ripley – CP Harlot Investments: That’s the answer to the question and again thanks for the terrific performance.
Bill Sonneborn: Yes. On that what pay was included in interest expense in the quarter. Those are reduction in net investment income.
Bill Sonneborn: Operating earnings were $0.36 for that basis because it reduces net interest income. If you add it back, it will be $0.40 for the quarter.
Bill Sonneborn: When assets come on and come off, and as well as when pay a awhile, there has been much long utility of LIBOR has – it did not jump a little over about 50 bits, we trace a little bit. So when assets reassess versus LIBOR as we said, we are going to have a small amount of what I would short-term wide volatility that kind of trends itself during the following three months.
Bill Sonneborn: One other point to highlight for you is we have a couple of holdings on a full status. That continue to make interest payments but because there are non accrual. One of them is a fairly decent sized holding. We actually book that income on a cash basis and they pay sum annually. So that was the payment we received in the first quarter end and that I’m going to expect in the third quarter.
Bill Sonneborn: And they haven’t – They had instructions that we have talked with the markets still are not at terms, that we think are prudent for shareholders. It’s getting closer as we talked about. It continues to get closer. There’s more market appetite person, creative idea. There were evaluating and we have accumulated $150 million that Mike discussed in his remarks of CLOs eligible collateral on our balance sheet. In fact, the warehouse – because the market may open up and a very near future to our thresholds of returns.
Bill Sonneborn: It will be about $150 million of few eligible collateral on our balance sheet outside of our CLOs warehoused.
Bill Sonneborn: So that’s unlevered. So I mean – you put leverage against that to that – 150, would in fact would be your equity in a $500 million deal of three to one leverage.
Bill Sonneborn: Where we stand – we’ve got assets there. We mentioned and going back to a prior question, when we said those assets are actually only earning just over 6% today. So it’s their interest. Cash yield to that capital we are sitting on, on our way into – move opportunistically into a transaction that makes sense because they are patient in doing so.
Bill Sonneborn: We have a long way to get your records.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors Inc.: I got that. Anyways, I haven’t taken eligible calculus for so long I can’t remember. But do you guys have at the top of your ahead with the $0.12 dividend with the conversion price will be on the new convert.
Bill Sonneborn: I don’t have – it is partially a function of the average trading at the stock we up to it. I know at the $0.10 we had the conversion price was between $8.10 -- $8.11.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors Inc.: 
Bill Sonneborn: So I probably assume, kind of pays off that.Lee Cooperman – Omega Advisors Inc.: Okay. Thanks again.
Bill Sonneborn: Thank you. I will thank you all for participating today on the call and we hope you have a good rest of your summer. We look forward to touching basis with you next quarter. Thank you.
Mike McFerran: I mean their reserve is just shy of 3% of our loan held from investment last year and to your second question, first, we do a bottoms-up analysis as well as the top down and certainly, for a bottoms-up perspective, we’re getting much more comfortable with the cost of risk effectively on our balance sheet. That being said, we’re also focused from our prudency perspective on having from a top down perspective of reasonable reserve for unforeseen issues that may pop up, down the road. So while there is always a chance that reserves could get reversed particularly in discussions with how GAAP works. It’s not management objective to push that.
Mike McFerran: And one way to think about that John is if you’re looking at our supplemental material that are our largest holdings and you compare that this quarter versus last quarter, you will see some of the more high risk positions aren’t any longer on that list. That’s because we took advantage of the strong market at the end of the first quarter into early April to dispose of a number of higher risk positions at attractive prices which both had the effective reducing kind of the risk profile, also helped their CLOs in terms of over OC compliance test and just from our prudency perspective taking advantage of the strengths of the market at that point in time.
Mike McFerran: I’ll just clarify John. The 35 million we referenced was the cash flow, not the total cash flow of the company. It was our cash enclosed from our CLO holdings.
Mike McFerran: I’ll take up. This is Mike. Lee, we do close our books daily but we have only disclosed publicly and we’ll only disclose publicly information as of quarter end as oppose to get into a monthly reporting cycle of burning their book value. But as you can think about in the context of book value, the most sensitive aspect in book value is how the high yield market performs. That will drive the aspects of volatility up or down in terms of book value per share in any one quarter.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  Well, could you -- would you speak, willing to say that the book value in the month of July regained everything you lost in the second quarter.
Mike McFerran: Yeah. We say in the opening remarks of this call, we talked about the book value recovering from the high-yield component during the month of July, the aggregation that that occurred during the second quarter.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  Got you. Okay.
Mike McFerran: And that’s what we’re focused on. Right, we’re focused on driving cash earnings per share, book vale per share and distributions per share.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  And the question of distribution per share with a new bankline if you get right to go up to 65% of earnings. So I will assume that we’re on a steady trajectory of a rising dividend and the question is what is the slope of the rise of the board, we’d like to see among our management.
Mike McFerran: That’s the question and how much capital we want to retain based upon our ability to find exciting investment opportunities. Those are variables exactly that you debate and discuss. Then you had another question on discount…Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated: About the further discount between 99 and 1% of par and par was roughly about 800 million. I don’t know what it is now.
Mike McFerran: It’s about the same.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  Got it. Good job. Good work. Thank you very much.
Mike McFerran: We took a big mark down in the fair value of our mortgages as we disclosed in the fourth quarter of last year. Our mortgage performance drew their first half of 2010 extract better than their expectation when we set and did that right often in the fourth quarter. So we don’t expect any negative news or shocks in the context.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  Positive news must be optimistic.
Mike McFerran: It’s a $100 million so it’s not a…Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated:  Right. You did come to across, I think, I’m reading it right that the back up in the market has created some interesting opportunities for you to put this capital that you have to work good returns.
Mike McFerran: That’s correct.Leon Cooperman – Omega Advisors Incorporated: Thank you very much. You guys are doing very fine job. I appreciate that.
Mike McFerran: On the book value I guess Bill mentioned, is upon is most sensitive too our changes in higher yield bonds, so you are right. We had $0.51 of income during the quarter that’s offset by $0.10 dividend we paid during the quarter, estimates $0.41. In addition, we had about 60 center client in OCI from high yield bonds and cash flow hedges. What do you think about our earnings, who are offset by the OCI and SLOP impact our unrealized perspective in book value, just mark to market effects of declining high yielding interest rates and then you factor into $0.10 dividend distribution on top of that.
Mike McFerran: Yeah. Its interest rates and bonds prices set extra, but everything else being equal or be equivalent in September to what they were in March. You would see that $0.60 reverse itself. That is accurate.
Mike McFerran: The unrealized gains that we’ve realized in our income statement, it could fluctuate. But if you look at other comprehensive on our balance sheet, you will see a effective embedded gain that is reflected in OCI. That gain has not come through our income statement yet. So to extend, we were to sell this positions at maturity and then effectively would growth rate seen in July and you would see that effect and so. You can compare OCI, the positive aspect of OCI quarter-to-quarter relative to that gain number in our income statement.
Mike McFerran: Sandro. Just to be fair in two points. First is when we actually don’t give forecasted guidance. The second around realized and unrealized gains and investments both fund its volatile, it depends on when we decide to monetized either through exiting the position because something changed with the asset or sales and asset. But those things are lumping and this really is not east to model in, as you may have a quarter where it makes sense to hedge much positions in other quarter where it doesn’t.
Mike McFerran: Just to be fair Sandro -- We say to pay out 65% dividend, it’s of our estimated taxable income which over the long-term does, they’ll pay up with reported but numbers we reported on GAAP, which are very different because they include non-tax income such as accretion on assets, unrealized gains and unrealized asset losses. So I would necessary view the GAAP income numbers as a near-term proxy. The best – as far a GAAP run rate, we articulated that for the quarter, our operating income was $0.40. I would use that as your best estimate.
Jeff Van Horn: Sorry, John. As far as your question on what change non-accruals, a couple of things. We licensed our holdings after entering the quarter at price points that we light. We also reduced our exposure to [Lime] and Dell, similar situation, both of which had been in default previously. And we had third position in (inaudible) Fire but actually paid of at part during the quarter.
Jeff Van Horn: About -- if you look at 07-A, I think it’s chewed about 5 million during the quarter. 07-1 contributed about 8 million. 07-A in its most recent payments finished off paying off those thick notes. 07-1 is going to keep doing that for the next one or two quarters. As I have placed our remarks in the call. Notes that are left to picked are the most junior notes in the capital structure while we own same amount of share, but we own of the sub notes. So with effect, that number, start trading close really at last quarter, 75 million to 80 million annually just for 07-1.
Jeff Van Horn: I think we still early in -- early on we want the portfolio smartly. We’ve not seen any trends of demonstrating that mortgage performance as grapy change and to our end, while it’s kind of meeting or exceeding our near-term expectations. It’s going to be a little while that the outside may be on the back end.
Robert Schwartzberg – Compass Point: Good afternoon, gentlemen. I have three questions. One, that the $6.7 million of debt issuance cost, is that a deduction to your net investment income or you loan interest revenues.
Robert Schwartzberg – Compass Point: Right. I would have expected with the increase in your net spread, all things being equal and even adjusting for that your net investment income might have increased. Is there -- there are lot of assets come on towards the end of the quarter.
Robert Schwartzberg – Compass Point: Right. Because the net investment income in the last quarter was $83.3 million, so even if you add back the $6.5 could be about flat and I would have expected that number maybe to increase.
Robert Schwartzberg – Compass Point: Right. So, I mean all things being equal, one might be able to expect an increase in our net investment income in the next three months.
Robert Schwartzberg – Compass Point: Mostly realize gains, actually much larger realized gains than but then it really appears on the surface.
Michael McFerran: So we may have certain divisions where you’ve taken a specific reserve in terms of our allowance on and then put effectively for accounting purposes on non-accruals. Now, they continue to perform and we expect them to continue to perform in terms of interest payments and so we just didn’t organized those until cash is received.
Michael McFerran: Correct. Although that that amount still – for example, those position I was referring to represented I say close to $0.4 in the first quarter. So it’s meaningful.
Michael McFerran: We’ve increased 7% sequentially and the net interest margin in our CLOs that should show up and increase operating earnings in future quarters.
Michael McFerran: If you look in our footnotes charts financial statements, specifically, the loans note and the securities note, it gives you the breakdown of actual realized amounts from the quarter. I will tell you that to put some color on that number. Of our realized versus unrealized, the majority of our results this quarter were realized. We had said, we took a $33.8 million lower of cost from market adjustment, loans out for sale. That is unrealized loss but that was offset by upwards – just under $60 million of realized gains and that we had unrealized gains of about $5 million. So most of the quarter were realized
Michael McFerran: Sure. We continue to – I will add to this. We continue to pay attention to the market. As you described in our last – our past calls, we evaluate opportunities to deploy capital to CLOs against other opportunities we see. We don’t view CLOs necessarily as the sole source of growth. That said, we continue to evaluate. We’ve seen a handful of transactions done, but they’ve been very few. And the one and the most recently last week, was more of a repack in new issue.
Sandro Naf – Capital Four: Hi. I have a question regarding the loss in book value. If I do the math I get about, with the $0.51 and the $0.12 dividend, it implies decrease of about write-off of $0.60. That will be around 100 million on – about 160 million shares. Could you kind of go through, explain this said decrease, again, I think you mentioned it quickly on introduction and then I have a couple of follow-up questions.
Sandro Naf – Capital Four: And then – just a one sec, comment on the recovering bond prices in July, would that imply that we are going to get a big part of the $0.60 bank, all most equal.
Sandro Naf – Capital Four: Exactly. We are investors. We try to buy things cheap and then sell them when they are expensive. And sometimes that can take years to for it actually come to a position and we have to be patient to that – once the assets point intrinsic value, we’ll sell it. And then it become a realized gain but we can predict how that works in the context of future quarters as they share future years.
Sandro Naf – Capital Four: Okay. And then just to finalize in this run rate issue. And so if I take – if I’m very conservative and say, I’m haircutting to 28, it very easy to come off with an annualized as net income that is 200 to 250 a year. And if you can pay out 65% dividend, that’s – you’re getting very close to a bulk dividend share.
