William Joseph Janetschek: What we did highlight is based upon those transactions and assuming that they all do close, that is going to drive roughly about $250 million of distributable earnings in the second half of 2016.
William Joseph Janetschek: Well, Glenn, it's going to ebb and flow. As I mentioned, we started the quarter at $1.5 billion. We had nice monetizations and so that's $1.9 billion. During the quarter, we did take the opportunity to top up that perpetual preferred. We originally did something of $355 million and we added another one $145 million to get that up to the $500 million. We like liquidity in this type of environment. And to the extent that there's going to be dislocations, we want to have the ability to have that cash to exit on those types of opportunities. Keep in mind, the cash is probably one of the best hedges you could possibly have. And so, I wouldn't say that we're going to continue to grow that dollar amount continually, but keep in mind that as we sell investments and redeploy that capital back into our balance sheet, we do expect the balance sheet to grow over time. And so, cash as a percentage of that total by just default will continue to grow.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Ken. This is Bill Janetschek. At a high-level energy, when you think about what that impact was on the balance sheet this quarter, it drove about $40 million of earnings. One thing we could call out is if you take a look at page 11, we actually disclosed one of our oil and gas investments and you could see that that was up roughly about 12%. This quarter, roughly $70 million. And obviously, with the rebound in commodity prices and especially how we model our investments, if you go out to where the two- and three-year forward curve was, that was up about 15%. And so, you would imagine that you could see that come through our P&L to the extent that we had that rebound in the commodity price. You are right. When you look at the balance sheet, we do have a good amount of exposure. But when you look at that total over the total size of our balance sheet portfolio, we're pretty comfortable from an asset allocation percentage to the amount that we've got in energy right now.
William Joseph Janetschek: Just to give you a number on that because Scott's right, we do have a good amount of dry powder. That number on the energy platform is in excess of $2 billion.
William Joseph Janetschek: Okay. Chris, this is Bill. The transaction itself did takes place by the close of Q2. However, the proceeds weren't received by the end of Q2. And so that's why I alluded to the fact that you'll see approximately $400 million come in, in the second half of the year. And the way to think about this is, is we had assets on our balance sheet and we were fortunate enough to enter into two transactions with two separate parties, where they wanted a preferred return. But to the extent that we beat that preferred return, they were willing to give us significant profit participation above that preferred return. So, the way we look at it, we sold roughly 85% of the assets that we had on the balance sheet and some of those assets, as I mentioned, it was in private equity; it was in credit. As we've started to ramp up our growth strategy, and that would be in technology and in healthcare, we had actually invested a good amount on the balance sheet. When we had two investors that were willing to participate in those strategies, it seemed like a win-win for them and for us. And again, roughly 85% of the assets got sold with significant participation on the upside to the extent that we have performance. And I would think that as we have the balance sheet that we have and we will continue to use it strategically as we add additional assets and we come across investors who want to participate in those assets and we can work out economic arrangements that are good for them and us, we'll continue to do this.
William Joseph Janetschek: And, Chris, one more follow-up on this. It was not only a balance sheet play to the extent that there was one particular investment that was interested in healthcare and technology. In addition to transacting with us based on the balance sheet asset, they also made a primary commitment to that strategy on a go-forward basis. So it's a way for us to raise additional AUM lock-step with selling those assets.
William Joseph Janetschek: Sure, and you're spot on. It all depends on deployment. And when we're talking about NAXI and Americas XII, we're about, say, 75% invested in NAXI. And so, once NAXI goes from the investment period to the post-investment period, that is when we would turn on $10.5 billion of that $20 billion and you would expect that to be invested over a period of anywhere in between three and five years. As it relates to the other $10-plus billion, a lot of that is raised but has yet to be invested in the products like Special Sits II and Direct Lending II. And so, we expect the time horizon of that capital, which we have and will go from AUM to fee-paying AUM, to take place over the next two or three years.
William Joseph Janetschek: One thing I'd add on that is when you do look at the performance of that portfolio broadly, that performance you see is very broad based. So when we look in a quarter like this, it's always nice when you see a nice percentage, a high percentage of companies that actually perform well in the quarter and they're not being reliant only on one or two specific names. The performance has been broad based.
William Joseph Janetschek: And, Ann, just to give you a little more color on that. When you take a look at AUM that we've raised over the three-month period and six-month period, when you combine our hedge fund to fund platform, which is Prisma, plus the strategic partnerships that we have like Marshall Wace, the capital we raised this quarter was in excess of $1 billion and over the last six months with $2.5 billion. So, we are seeing inflows into the space.
William Joseph Janetschek: Yes. And so, the way we're thinking about it, if you're talking very specifically about NAXI and then Americas XII turning on, we think we're actually going to see and hit a $12 billion hard cap or LP money. So, as far as fee-paying AUM, you should see that number go up by $12 billion.
William Joseph Janetschek: Okay. Right now, the numbers aren't that big. But just to address the question, as it relates to TMT growth, we actually have a fund and we're raising capital for that right now. It's not showing up on the fund table yet, only for the fact that it's early stages. And so, we would expect to raise anywhere between $500 million and $750 million in that fund upon its close and once that does take place, you'll see that in the fund table. And the amount that we'll commit to that strategy is roughly going to be $150 million.
William Joseph Janetschek: As it relates to healthcare growth, that is not a strategy where we're raising capital from third-party investors right now, and that's the beauty of the balance sheet. We're making those investments off the balance sheet directly. I mentioned earlier, through an SMA, we have the ability now to get a commitment from an SMA to invest side-by-side with us in that healthcare space. But over time, the assumption will be that, and this will again be over time, we'll more likely raise a dedicated healthcare growth fund.
William Joseph Janetschek: It's spread throughout the funds, but the predominant number is coming from net NAXI. So, if you take a look at the top three investments that are shown on page nine, those are all going to be net NAXI investments.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hard to predict. There's a lot of ebbs and flows. Right now, I would say that based upon signed commitments, we're about, say, 80% committed with that fund. We still need to size up how much we're going to need for a reserve before we go from NAXI to Americas XII, but I would say that it would probably be conservatively something that will take place in the first half or probably first quarter of 2017.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Mike. This is Bill. I'll take the first question, which was a heck of a lot shorter than the second question.
William Joseph Janetschek: But the punch line there is that, yeah, there is some volatility, the assets that we had on the balance sheet that we moved over to these two separately managed accounts, we mark-to-market every single quarter. I would say that when you take a look at the healthcare and the growth ones, in particular, because they're somewhat relatively new, as we've held those assets over the last 12 to 18 months, you wouldn't see a lot of volatility there. But on some of the more aged credit assets that we've had, you could see a little bit of volatility. But that honestly didn't come into any sort of thought process when we were trying to think about what to do with these assets. It just so happens that in conversations with these two investors, again, it just seemed like the right thing to do for us and for them, which is why we moved forward.
William Joseph Janetschek: Patrick, this is Bill. Very specifically around that, you will see margin improvement when we go from net NAXI to Americas XII only for the fact that all the costs or majority of the costs are already there. And so, you will see a big uptick in management fees and you will see margin improvement.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. The only other thing I'd mention, Glenn, is that if you look at the press release, you see actually the uncalled commitments we have to our underlying fund has actually doubled over the last year or so. They're about $2.6 billion now. So, we also keep an eye on that as we think about how much liquidity to have.
Scott C. Nuttall: I'll just point to a couple other stats. Energy is about less than 2% of our global private equity portfolio, less than 4% in credit and direct energy anyway is less than 6% of the balance sheet. So on a relative to indices basis, we're actually underexposed. We did have very good quarter in Q2 and we saw some of the marks we took in Q1 bounce back pretty materially. We do have dry powder in our Energy Income & Growth Fund and we're looking for opportunities. To date, we've found a couple of things to do, but we continue to be patient as some of the opportunities actually seem to be reflecting ahead of the forward curve. And so, we're waiting for things to come back. There's a bit more, but we've got capital to be opportunistic when we see something we like.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I think there are a lot of interesting opportunities across Europe. I would expect UK activity to be down. In UK specifically, we're going to be cautious. We frankly don't think that valuations have come down to reflect the uncertainty in the market. There's clearly more political uncertainty in Europe, but we are finding more opportunities as we discuss last quarter to work with the banks, as an example, to help them with some of the assets that they have on their balance sheet. We think that's a big opportunity for us. We're spending time in real estate. We see opportunities in private equity on the continent in particular, so there's a significant amount of opportunity in Europe despite the market uncertainty and the political uncertainty. We're just watching valuations. It seems like valuations are a bit high so we're going to be patient. We've got a lot of dry powder to move quickly when we see something that we like.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. I'm not sure I'm going to point you to the specific payout ratio on a go-forward basis, Alex. I guess let me tell you how we think about it, and appreciate the question. But if we revisit the history a little bit, last October when we announced the change in the distribution policy, we announced this $500 million authorization. We said you should expect us to use that likely over the course of 12 months. We've used about 90% in about nine months. We also said that we would be using buybacks to offset dilution and control our share count. Since that period of time, the share counts actually come down even though we used some shares for the Marshall Wace transaction. So, I would tell you that the fact that we used over 100% of our distributable earnings in the last nine months for dividends and buybacks, I would not expect that to be the norm. What I would point you to is that the statement we've made and we'll remake now is that you should expect us to control our share count over time. And so, as you model out the share count, I would just keep it flat over time. It doesn't mean we're going to be active in every period. We're not going to forecast payouts, but I think that's the best way to reflect it in your models.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I wouldn't look at the balances because I think that could be misleading because we've actually been monetizing some of that portfolio in particular, the CLO equity portfolio. So, credit actually had a very nice quarter. CLOs were up over 4% in the quarter. Credit overall on the balance sheet was up 2.2% in the quarter. So, you need to adjust for the fact you're seeing realizations move those balances around a little bit. So I'd say it was a very nice quarter reflective of kind of the broader underlying markets and how we manage the portfolios.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. The second part to your question, Chris, here's how I think about it. We've said in the past and we really believe the balance sheet is a true strategic weapon for us, and the way we've used it has evolved. So, initially, it started feeding new strategies and that's how we built a number of these new businesses over the last five or six years. And we talked in the past about this dropdown strategy where we would do investment on balance sheet, drop those into a fund as kind of next piece of technology. I would say transactions like this are just the continuing evolution of how we used the balance sheet. So what we really did was to take assets on balance sheet, raise liquidity but keep a lot of upside. So, in effect, converted those to more asset management-like assets with a very high incremental carry while also raising new capital for some of our newer strategies. So we think the ROE on that type of transaction for us is very high. In terms of where we're going with the balance sheet, look, if you think about it, when we did the merger with KPE, we were an all-PE balance sheet basically. And then we've been converting that balance sheet to get more liquid, using that to seed new strategies. Then we did KFN. We've been liquidating some of those assets and redeploying those into higher-returning opportunities. And I would expect that you'll continue to see us evolve the balance sheet strategy. It probably will get a bit simpler, you'll see we made a big commitment, for example, to the Americas XII Fund as an example, so you'll see more in our funds. And we'll keep you updated as we continue to use the balance sheet to seed some of these newer ideas and also create more asset management-type flows for us using the balance sheet as seed.
Scott C. Nuttall: Thanks for the question, Bill. Look, I think – I'm not going to revisit some of the topics that I hit before. I guess from my perspective, the buyback conversation has really taken on a bit of a life of its own and I find that we're talking more about buybacks than we are about our business and how we can grow and where we see opportunity from here. So, I think that's why we're pointing you to the comment, we're not going to predict this, model our share count flat, that's what you should expect on a go-forward basis from us over time, and we're going to leave it at that for now. We clearly see opportunities. We've talked about all the different opportunities we see in the market to invest for return. You've seen the commitments we've made to our underlying funds; we want to keep liquidity for that. But over the long term, just expect our share count flat and we'll keep you updated on our performance on the balance sheet and in our funds.
Scott C. Nuttall: No change. I think if you go back to the earnings call we had last October where we announced this change in policy, we said fixed distribution, which we're underwriting over time, that could go up based on our earnings trajectory of the firm and we're going to use the capital we retain for buybacks and to invest more in what we do every day. And that's really what we've been doing. It's been heavier on the buyback for the last nine months. I think over time, you'll see it balance out more, but really no change from what we said last October.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure, Brian. There's a lot of different things going on. So, we have several funds in the market still from kind of the more episodic funds. So Americas XII, you should expect to wrap up here in the second half. We're still in the market with our second real estate opportunistic fund, our second mezzanine fund which we call Private Credit Opportunities, growth equity in the technology space, various things going on in real estate credit. And then coming down the pipe, we've got global Direct Lending III and then at some point, Asia III. And you saw on the slide the very strong performance we've had in our Asia private equity platform. So a lot of things in market, a number coming. We've also got a number of things going on on the more continuously raised side of things, including our hedge fund strategies and our strategic partnership with Marshall Wace and with Nephila. And then on the leveraged credit front, a lot happening – high-yield leveraged loans, CLOs, separate accounts – so a pretty continuous process across multiple different strategies and geographies.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, I think if you look at the last 12 months, it's been pretty equal between private market and public market, $13 billion, $14 billion each. There is some lumpiness, as you know, in the private market side in particular. So, I would expect that number is probably a bit elevated due to the Americas XII raise. But as Asia III rolls on hopefully that we can raise significant capital there as well. But I'd say it's probably a little elevated because of Americas XII. Everything else I'd say is relatively normal course.
Scott C. Nuttall: Oh, it's hard to predict deployment, but I will tell you that one of the reasons we're so upbeat about the Asia platform is the performance that we've seen. You can see on slide 11 how the Asia II private equity fund, as an example, has performed relative to the MSCI Asia Pacific, so 2,600 basis points of our performance net. So what we're finding is we're seeing opportunities in private equity that really don't show up in the public markets. These are a lot of times growth equity opportunities, non-core subsidiary sales, and so we do see opportunities there. Hopefully, the valuation backdrop in the public markets will bring prices down further and give us opportunities. But we've been very focused on deploying capital in Asia where we see value and that will continue to be the case. I would just say the valuation backdrop just makes it more helpful and hopefully over time can motivate more activity once it finds a level.
Scott C. Nuttall: It's more of the latter, Devin. It's something that we're going to evaluate over time. I think we're kind of thinking a bit more in a traditional corporate context and keeping an eye on any potential pass-through tax liability we're sending through our individual shareholders. So, we'll revisit that more or less annually and keep you updated.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. So, I'd say a few different things going on. One is that it's – as I mentioned a minute ago, I think looking at the public market, especially in places like China, really what you've got is a lot of SOE, state-owned enterprise-type companies that it's not really where we spend our time. I'd say one big theme has been for us investing in growth companies that are basically exposed to the growth of the middle class and the rise of the consumer. And were finding a lot of opportunities off the beaten track. We have a big team in China where we see those opportunities. We've also been investing. Another theme would be in areas like food safety or environmental safety. We've made several investments in things like dairy farms, pork producers, chicken producers, focused on food safety. Environmental safety has also been a big theme for us in Asia and in China, in particular. If you go across the region from there, if we go to Japan, one of the things that we've liked is the opening up of Japan to the private equity-style investing in particular. A relatively recent transaction was Panasonic Healthcare, which we bought in partnership with Panasonic. They actually rolled an interest into the buyout and then we've used that as a platform to go make acquisitions on a cross-border basis. So, we bought a business from Bayer not long ago using Panasonic as a platform for that. So, that would be another example. We also bought Pioneer's DJ equipment business not long ago, similar theme in terms of finding opportunities in Japan. And increasingly, we're spending time in places like Indonesia as well where we announced a recent transaction and we've got more in the pipeline. So again, these are not deals that you're normally going to read about. They're smaller on an average basis than a lot of what we see in the U.S. There are a lot more growth; typically a lot less leverage, if any leverage; and we're helping these companies get to the next stage of development and oftentimes, ultimately, the capital markets. I hope that's a little bit of color that's helpful.
Scott C. Nuttall: It's a good question. Look, just to give you a sense for it, that the $1 billion or so that you see in the table there, we still expect Americas XII to hit its $12 billion hard cap. And then with the balance sheet investment plus individual investments, we expect to be over $13 billion for that fund. That will impact your percentage a little bit, but we look at it in a relatively straightforward way, which is we think that it's going to generate quite attractive returns and we'd like to have some of the balance sheet exposed to that. It's part of our strategy as a firm is to own more what we do every day. And so, as we look at our asset allocation models and where we want to take the balance sheet over time, that's how we got to that $1 billion figure. We did the same thing for every strategy that we launch and we look at it on overall ROE basis. So it's the same approach we've taken to other funds and we'll continue to on a go-forward basis.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure, Ann. Happy to help. Look, clearly, the industry has been going through a relatively difficult time in getting a bit smaller and working hard to justify what it does. We do think that there is a real place for this in the portfolio, in particular, for managers that have a real competitive and differentiated advantage. In terms of the questions you've asked in terms of capital access, we have seen growth in the first half in our strategic partners. We don't disclose AUM or performance by partner, but in aggregate, we have seen growth in AUM both for the strategic partnerships that we have and Marshall Wace and Nephila, the two largest. And Marshall Wace by far is the largest partnership that we have. And also for Prisma, we've seen good fundraising on the growth side, which has been offset by some outflows. So, we feel like we're more than holding our own in this environment. I think that it is a period to watch out a bit for the industry. It's probably long-term healthy, and we just need to continue to perform and spend time with our clients and make sure that they understand the competitive advantage that we have. And so, that's how we're approaching it. I think it will be ultimately good for us long term. And we've been able to grow in aggregate through the course of the last six to 12 months. So, we're pleased with how we've been doing on a relative-to-the-industry basis.
Scott C. Nuttall: And, Chris, just on the first point you asked as it relates to NAXI and the impact of when Americas XII turns on, from a fee-paying standpoint, right now NAXI is at the full size of the committed fund. When it's in the post-investment period, it will be based off of remaining costs. So as of June 30, we had roughly $4.8 billion – $4.7 billion of remaining costs with still over $3 billion of uncalled commitments. You might see a modest decline from a fee-paying standpoint again once it enters the post-investment period.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. Sure. Happy to, Mike. It's a good question. Well, I think we've been able to see monetizations coming from a variety of different places, but in terms of the second part of your question on portfolio company performance, it's actually been quite good. So last 12 months, 7% or so revenue growth, 8% EBITDA growth. So 7% on the top line, 8% on the bottom line. If you look at that relative to the market, it's been having earnings declines year-over-year. We think there's a lot of very good things happening idiosyncratically within our portfolio based on the operational improvements we're able to make and it really has been coming from a lot of different places. So, we talked about the secondaries. We talked last quarter about some of the strategic exits that we've seen in particular on a global basis to buyers in Japan and China. And we've also been using the capital markets. So you've seen us do dividend deals, dividend recaps within the portfolio. So, I'd say it all starts with good operating fundamental performance within the portfolio and then a pretty robust bid on some strategic buyers and jumping through the capital market windows when they're open. There's been volatility, but we've seen the debt markets open. We jump through when they are and you've seen us take companies public like US Food when the IPO markets open. So, I think you see a lot of that continue. The reason that we've highlighted the 40% in public companies in the PE portfolio is we think we have a lot of access to liquidity going forward. And a good portion of our portfolio, 60% or so, is now valued in excess of 1.5 times cost over 40% in excess of 2 times cost. And so, the portfolio is quite mature. So, hopefully, that's a little bit of color that's helpful for you.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. Look, I'd say on the balance sheet deal, Mike, I'd say it was largely done just from a position of strength. We viewed it as an interesting opportunity to access more capital for the firm, both LP capital and more for the balance sheet. But the only thing in there that we've been working to reduce our exposure and I've talked about in the past, the CLO equity, but we like the assets in there, that's why we wanted to keep the upside in the transactions that we structured. For the last part of your question, the capital deployment, look, it's hard to give you a precise answer on that. We have used the balance sheet, as you pointed out, to create fee-related earnings and carry opportunity for ourselves. And if you look at page 14 of the deck, and this is why I think it's really important that people kind of look at the overall model as a collective as opposed to the individual fees, carry, balance sheet on a discrete basis, page 14, I think, a picture worth a thousand words. We have used the balance sheet to fund a lot of this growth and seed strategies that have allowed us to access third-party capital. That's why our fee-paying AUM has doubled in the last five years. That's why you've seen the growth that you've seen. And so we used the balance sheet to help create fee and carry flow, and then we look at the returns on the capital we're deploying in aggregate, including those fee profits and carry profits. But having said all that, if you look at the last 12 months, the two biggest uses of cash flow from the balance sheet have been distributions and share repurchases, by far the two biggest uses. And then after that, you'd see Marshall Wace and you'd see our funding our GP commitments and our funds. And so that's what we've been using it for. That's how we think about it. When we have opportunities like we see on page 14 to seed and create these new businesses and scale them quickly and enhance the ROE for all of us as shareholders – and remember, we own 45% of the stock – we're going to use the balance sheet to do that. But as of late, we've been using it mostly for dividends and buybacks.
Scott C. Nuttall: Thanks, Michael. This is Scott. I'll take that one. For strategic M&A, look, I think the way we're looking at the firm is we don't feel like we need to create new legs to the stool. We created the real estate business, as an example, four or five years ago. We don't see another real estate, like another big asset class that we want to build a business in. So really now, it's about scaling what we've started. And if you look at page 14 of the supplemental materials, when you think about the size of the end markets in the infrastructure space, real estate, credit, hedge funds, these are massive spaces where our market share is still pretty low. So, I think you could see us do more tuck-in type strategic M&A. Remember a couple, few years ago, we did the Avoca acquisition in Europe which added to our leveraged credit platform. I think you could see more things like that across our different asset classes that allows us to accelerate growth or gives us more of a presence in a specific market where we see opportunity like we see in European credit. I would not expect us to do a lot more strategic partnerships. As I've mentioned in the past, on hedge funds, we want to scale through our partnership with Marshall Wace as opposed to doing more of those. So, I would say on strategic M&A, it's probably going to be more tuck-in. And then over time, see if we can find things that we like for the balance sheet in bigger scale, but less likely to be big outright acquisitions. Probably a little bit smaller things from time to time when we really like it. We are burdened by the integration risk, and this is a hard space to make acquisitions and integrate them well. And so, they'll probably be few and far between.
Scott C. Nuttall: Look, I think it's easy to overcomplicate what we do. If we generate strong investment returns, raising capital is more fun and relatively straightforward, and carry goes up, fees go up and the balance sheet performs better. And so, our focus is investment performance in the first instance; we have the saying here, performance, performance, performance. We say it three times every time we say it inside the firm because it really is just a critical part of the job every single day. And so, we are focused on that and that is not a risk per se, but it's just the most important thing we've got to get right. And so, there's nothing that we see in the horizon that causes us to have concern about that, but that is a primary area of focus. The other thing that we're spending a lot of time on is spending time with our investors. It is a very tricky environment for investing. The world is not used to ever having a period of time where there's $10 trillion of negative-yielding assets, and we're spending a lot of time with our limited partners, both long-standing and newer ones, and prospects, talking about this investing environment. And I think they're having a hard time thinking where to put their capital to generate attractive returns. We see that as an opportunity for us to be differentiated and value-added. And so, we're spending quite a bit of time there. So, it's more about just getting those things right, Michael, than anything that we're necessarily overly concerned about. Besides the day-to-day stuff, we have to keep our license to operate. We're very focused on making sure we operate best-in-class on all fronts and we have great teams in the firm focused on making sure that we all do that. But that's how we think about it. We got to perform and do a great job for our clients.
Scott C. Nuttall: Great. Happy to take that, Robert. So just by way of update, we now have about 950 investors across the firm and that continues to grow. When we really in earnest begin creating our marketing efforts, that number was closer to 300 or 325. So we've seen good growth. We still see a lot of opportunity for growth. The cross-sell statistic is about 1.7 products per customer. Right now, if you think about it, we've been – when you add a number of customers, you normally add them at one product each, so adding a lot of clients. We've kept that 1.7 times more or less constant as growth with existing is offset, adding the new clients. Our top 40 will average between three and four products, just to give you a sense for the opportunity ahead of us. And critically, we only have about a third of our clients in more than one product with us. So we think that's a massive opportunity for us. There's taking the 950 to a higher number, but then there's also the incremental opportunity of doing more with the 950 that we have, especially given two-third of them are only in one strategy with us. So a lot of opportunity. We track this closely, and I think big part of the reason you've seen the fundraising success we have is we've been expanding the investor base across the firm. So if you look as an example over the last seven or eight funds that we've closed, about 40% on average of number of LPs in these funds have been new to the firm. So it's been a huge part of building the firm out. If you look at Americas XII so far, you'd see that about 35% of the LPs in that fund so far are actually new. The dollars are going to be more weighted given the early close to existing LPs, but the number of LPs coming with us is about 35%. So, hopefully, that's helpful color, but we do see this as a big opportunity for us and why we're so focused on just generating returns and doing a great job for these investors, including helping them think through this environment.
