Bill Sonneborn: Thanks, Mike. Before opening it up to questions from all of you I want to provide some closing remarks. 2009 was the year defined by addressing liquidity in market risks presented by the credit crises to improve the health of our portfolio, our capital structure and deploy capital and some interesting in that. 2010 is about growth opportunities. Our capital structure liquidity profile and balance sheet are positioned to support the next stage in KFN’s evolution. And we continue to seek substantial opportunities deploy capital in a manner that it accretive to shareholders. We remained focused on refinancing our existing credit facility to improve our flexibility and may considering equity except we can deploy capital at attractive return levels. Having a flexible capital allocation model combined with KKRs global and talent professional’s knowledge from our existing portfolio businesses and experienced loan, bonds, mezzanine distress, private equity and real assets enable us to pursue opportunities that we like at any given time. Our global reach across industries in asset classes positions us to identify broader way of opportunities that we are working on today. KFN is managed by all of us at KKR. We are exceptionally talented group of people that have worked together with creativity and determination to provide KFN with substantial opportunities for value creation. We have a tremendous team, which continues to grow in both size and strength. I look forward to sharing our progress with you in the quarters ahead. With that, operator we’d be happy to turn it over for questions.
Bill Sonneborn: Sure, absolutely. First on Europe and particularly Greece and thinking about the downgrades that are happening in Europe, and it just a macro causing move, really the same kind of challenges and issues we have here in the US when you look at state finance. And why I think that there is some potential for sparks of nervousness in the context to market volatility. It's ultimately an issue of dealing with spending problem and balancing what sense of an entitlement in the context of state or country budget are relative to revenue production. And so, that ultimately is part of the de-leveraging process that I think the entire globe will need to face as result of large public debt balances that exist relatively globally at least in developed markets. So I think in that particular case, it doesn’t necessarily have a specific direct risk in the context to KFN's portfolio. Other than we expect things like Greece or Portugal or Ireland or California can have an impact in the context to volatility underlying credit pries, which we are trying to position the, the company to take advantage of winning FA [ph] exist.Gabe Poggi – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Great, thanks.
Bill Sonneborn: We are completely out of the, what was the cam [ph] position in the context of Lyondell which was the portion that would be converted to equity in the context of our CLOs to extends a existing loan or bond is converted to equity, one of the debt [ph], it does get convert into equity as the account zero for over-collateralization. The structured finance vehicles are not high yield places for purposes of holding securities that you are taking, a distract call in the context that we are restructuring, because of that impact in over-collateralization. Situations where we have had a situation like that, we’ve held on to those positions until we thought that they were at fundamental value on the context of our vehicles and then sold the underline securities.Gabe Poggi – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very helpful and great quarter guys.
Bill Sonneborn: One thing is spread, if you think of net interest margin crept up by about into numbers of about 40 basis points this quarter, some of that has to do with the LIBOR for effect and the supplemental materials we posted on the website, John, we disclosed in a very tiny font in the footnote (inaudible). The percentage of each of our CLOs now that having LIBOR floor and that is a – will be an interesting of being able to measure not only growth spread which we disclosed in the context of structures, but also the evidence of the floor which put LIBOR at 30 basis points in a weighted average floor north of 2%, for about I think the number is 15% of our portfolio from a much smaller base a quarter ago. Although, we continue to hopefully build net interest spread in context of our structures. The one thing we have to adjust your model is what amount of bonds we have in the context of our bond basket within our structured finance subsidiary that can also affects spread.
Bill Sonneborn: Thanks. Lee, I'll trying to address each your question as we've indicate in the last earnings call it is our intention and it's been something we have discussed with the boards management intention and I think the boards intention as well to payout a minimum of 50% of our taxable income to shareholders that shareholders have the ample cash so satisfy any tax liabilities. As far as estimating taxable income, it’s very impossible to do because just being upon when people purchase stock that really drives the basis of their stock who strives with their pro added allocation of potential tax liabilities are. A, B and the connection what's kind of restarting our dividend policy in the fourth quarter of last year, so maybe the board has discussed is focusing on situations that never having to hopefully decreased the dividend again, so we're seeing quarter-over-quarter now for the third quarter as a progressive increase in our distribution for share. And finally we still are under a restricted covenant our credit facility, which goes to your second question the limits our dividends to no more than 50% of taxable, estimated taxable income. But ultimately, it remains our goal to distribute at least 50% of taxable income to shareholders. And your final question on the context of discount at par, yes, holding our portfolio at roughly 90, 91 as you suggest results to expect that we can recover full par on our portfolio, nearly $800 million of additional book value across the business, and it is hopefully the team's goal to achieve that objective but no guarantees. As far as your point run rate or forecasting out what our run rate operating earnings or net income is, we do not give any forecast. Now, we try to disclose as much information in the context of the components of each of our CLOs, the assets we hold for investors to be able to calculate an expectation of that rate of return and ultimate earnings.
Bill Sonneborn: I think it really depends on what you are assuming rates over the next year, how we deploy capital. There is a lot of variables there as we talked about. If you look at our balance sheet, you can see we have a – we didn’t want a cash, we think about we fight [ph] with our CLOs, so there is a lot of – I could see how you can get up to that number based on different assumptions.
Bill Sonneborn: If you think we have cash in the balance sheet, but it roughly equates to the maturities we have over the course of the next 18 months. So, fact that we’ve immunized or isolated the near-term maturities related to that cash. That being said, to except we were to refinance our credit facility as example and to a longer dated facility that would free up capital from investments. So many opportunities we discussed like hurdle or embed [ph] which have mid to high-teens rates of return with the longer duration for compounding those rates to return. So, we just balance, you know the ultimate duration of investments we make relative to risks sensitivity in the context of our capital structure.Steve Monathan – Monathan Jack Partners: Thank you very much.
Bill Sonneborn: Sure. Thanks. On your first question, no, there is no tax – taxable income increases the result of these CLOs becoming on cash flow in either in the context is paying off picked interest in the Mezz notes we hold or making payments with subordinated hold – subordinated note holder which is us as a result of the fact that those are flow through structures in the context of for tax purposes.
Bill Sonneborn: Exactly, the taxable allocation is been made already for the interest that’s back to our shareholders and their payment of the cash is just the cash received but our shareholders last year were allocated taxable income from the amount picked during 2009 as an example.
Bill Sonneborn: We haven't disclosed that. We said, again for '07-A the PIK fees we paid off this month, 07-1 we’re seeing will take about year or so. Thinking about the cash flows in 07-1, that will come in same that order, assuming about four payments for those PIKs out there.
Bill Sonneborn: We’ve looked at the new deals that have come out and can continue to kind of investigate how this prices and structures are working. We haven't seen one, even though we have the ability to do a structure or a deal without a management fee and with the equity funded off of our balance sheet which is kind of tough part of the capital structure to find in the context of the reinvention of the CLO marketplace. We haven't found the structural term yet both in the context of the amount of leverage, the cost of the senior leverage and the call provisions or the reinvestment provision for us to feel comfortable in terms of how we look at risk and those structures and sources of return for our shareholders to get to mid teen. There are couple 100 basis points short in the context of our estimation. But they have come in towards kind of our target a lot in the past kind of 30 to 45 days, and so it's getting closer to the point where there will be attractive source to deployment of capital.
Bill Sonneborn: That’s exactly right. If you think about it outside of our CLOs we have a bunch of corporate credit assets, those corporate credit assets could be used. Some portion of them could be used as collateral for a securitization as non balance sheet term financing like we've done in the past without using a third party provided warehouse like historically we're used in the context restructured finance.
Bill Sonneborn: Assuming, it was all eligible for a structure but that’s an incorrect assumption. If you look through the fair value discloser, I’ll thank you, you will see that our numbers and the positions our balance sheet either a private or it's in transactions or distressed position that we've acquired, which would not be still eligible.
Bill Sonneborn: That's exactly correct. The entire amount of the increase is due to an incentive fee net of what we’ve raised because of the accounting gain from the purchases of the CLO note. So, would have been roughly a $20 million incentive fee and we raised 9.7 million of that into interest accounting on the balance sheet and not through economic gain for shareholders and so that’s the net amount.
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah. We didn’t disclose that specifically. We talked a little bit about what net interest margin is increased by approximately 20 basis points of spread 20 or 30 basis points of spread quarter-over-quarter in aggregate, which gives you a little bit of idea and we started the disclosure in our supplemental materials of each of our CLOs in the context in the overall portfolio, what spread the quite sort of easier to understand how reinvestment is affecting overall spreads in our portfolio is going forward.
Bill Sonneborn: Yes, the only thing we can talk about Tribune is what you would be able to access publicly in the context still looking any other company’s filings.
Bill Sonneborn: Thank you very much. And thank you all for listening to the call today and we appreciate your support and we will continue try to execute on your behalf. Thanks, have a good evening.
Sam Martini – ECI: Hey, guys. Just two quick follow-ups. As ’07-1 turns back on, all the deferrals of the notes that are deferring should come back faster. They will get trued up pretty quickly. Would you expect to consider that contribute to taxable income as the see through each notes, cheer that deferrals. And secondly, I was hoping you could walk through some thoughts on incremental CLO as a follow I think the worlds cautioned (inaudible) a few others are coming out. It looks like 3.5 to 4.5 times leveraged. Would you be able to execute something from the HoldCo [ph] pool of debt that sits there and if so could you walk us through the economics that these current deals would imply? Thanks.
Sam Martini – ECI: Okay. But it's about 400 million of notional at the HOCO [ph] rates, so all of those pieces include, I’m assuming a year and half of PIK interest on top of it.
Sam Martini – ECI: And in terms of your – in terms of your higher bonds, it looks like they're all basically at par. So, that you extend the ratios almost to work out. Would it be fair to say that, that would free up if you did a four times leverage structure closed to $350 million in cash to you? From the whole co-collateral assuming it was all….
