Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brian. Welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. This morning, I'm joined by Bill Janetschek, our CFO, and Scott Nuttall, Global Head of Capital and Asset Management. As always, we would like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call which are reconciled to GAAP figures in our press release. This call will also contain forward-looking statements, which do not guarantee future events or performance. Please refer to our SEC filings for cautionary factors related to these statements. And also, like previous quarters, we've posted a supplementary presentation on our website that we'll be referring to over the course of the call. This morning, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. Of note, we reported fourth quarter and full year ENI of $145 million and $1.3 billion, equating to $0.08 and $1.21 of after-tax ENI per unit. Total cash earnings were $169 million for the quarter and $1.5 billion for the full year. In terms of our distribution and share repurchase activity, as you'll likely remember, on our last earnings call we announced some key changes to our capital management priorities and moved from a purely variable distribution to a fixed distribution policy. And at the same time, we announced a $500 million share buyback authorization. In turn, we announced this morning for the fourth quarter the regular fixed distribution of $0.16 per unit, which implies an annualized yield of 5.5% based on last night's closing price, well above the yield levels seen across most S&P 500 companies. As it relates to the buyback, as we walk through on the front cover of the press release, since October 27, which was the date when we announced our authorization, we repurchased and canceled 17.5 million units for $270 million, and in addition, 1.7 million equity award units were canceled for $27 million to satisfy tax obligations in connection with their vesting. So, in total 19.2 million units have been retired on a fully diluted basis for $298 million, and I'd note that the cancellation of the equity award units is incremental to our $500 million authorization. So as of today, we have $230 million remaining under the current plan. And with that, I'd now like to turn it over to Bill to discuss our performance in more detail.
Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Thanks Brian. I was just going to note, just looking at the queue, looks like we actually have quite a few people in the queue. So if everyone wouldn't mind limiting your questions to one question and a follow-up and then get back in the queue, we'd appreciate it. So with that, let's – why don't we go ahead, Brian. Thank you.
Craig Larson - Head-Investor Relations: Thanks, Brian. Thank you everybody for joining our call. Please feel free to give us a buzz, obviously, with any follow-ups, and we'll speak to you next quarter.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well it's really going to depend, Patrick. First, it was $815 million, and to be clear, the way some of these will work – and so it's impossible to give you a precise answer that will apply in every situation. In some instances, we'll originate something like that, we may hold some of it in our credit funds, or we may syndicate all of it. Sometimes we hold all of it and sometimes we syndicate all of it. So, the short answer is, typically on what we're underwriting to syndicate, we'll get a fee of 2% to 3% on the syndicated portion. But that will vary from market to market. But in this market, that's typically about right. And in an environment like this one we may be able to do it a bit better than that.
Scott C. Nuttall: Real estate credit, I don't have an update for you yet. Probably have one next quarter. We're in the process of working through how we're going to fund that strategy, whether it's going to be a fund or a different type of more permanent capital vehicle, but those conversations are ongoing. And in terms of real estate Europe, we're in the market; I would tell you our first-time funds tend to be in the range of $500 million to $1 billion, give or take.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. I think first, Luke, on China in particular, it's important to understand, we have not done much in credit in China to date. We actually just announced a joint venture which will hopefully set us up to be able to take advantage of what is happening in China, from a direct lending standpoint and otherwise. But our exposure in China today is on the private equity front and in some real estate, but relatively small, and those companies, as I mentioned, are performing well. I'd say more broadly in credit, in terms of the deployment opportunity, it's quite broad-based. One of the great things about this market environment, we are seeing significantly enhanced pipelines in direct lending, mezzanine and special situations on a global basis. Part of that is in Asia, which will be in effect the fallout from the slowdown in the Chinese economy on companies and countries outside of China. But the larger percentage of it is the U.S. and Europe. And so I mentioned the deployment is up significantly, the capital raising is up, our dry powder is at the highest levels ever, and we feel really well positioned to take advantage of that, and that's everything from senior secured direct lending to middle-market corporates in the U.S. and Europe, all the way through to rescue capital for companies on a global basis.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. Good question. So if you go to page four of the deck we prepared, you'll see on the bottom left that we actually have been monetizing assets in the CLO portfolio and the credit portfolio. So you can see, between the two of them, the better part of $800 million came back last year, and that is – some of that's natural runoff, but most of that is a purposeful decision on our part, Luke, to monetize and call some of these older CLOs, and redeploy capital into a lot of the things we're doing on the right hand side of that page, including share buybacks. I think you continue to see us call those older CLOs as market conditions allow us to. We are at the same time issuing new CLOs, which is bringing in asset management revenues. But in effect, when we did this KFN transaction, we said we would seek to monetize that portfolio and put it into higher returning opportunities, and we're in the process of doing that.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure, Bill. It's Scott. So, as we mentioned, we did the $500 million authorization last quarter, so we've spent $270 million of that $500 million, away from the other $30 million that Craig took you through. So we have about $230 million left. We think that this stock represents extraordinarily compelling value at these prices, so we'll be actively buying the stock as soon as we're able to after these earnings are out. And then we'll address the question as to reloading the buyback authorization in due course. Our message at the time we announced it was that we wanted to control our share count dilution. That is still very much something that we're committed to, but we're glad we have the buyback in place and we'll be actively using it, and then we'll come back and let you know when we're ready to reload.
Scott C. Nuttall: Hey, Mike, it's Scott. I'd say the overall trend has held up quite well. The places where there's been a little bit given back would be the places that you'd expect. So, think of the U.S industrials portfolio to some extent has slowed a bit. But those numbers have been in the range of 8% or 9% top line growth and 10% to 12% EBITDA growth for the last several quarters. So, nothing that I'd call out in terms of meaningful move.
Scott C. Nuttall: I don't know if we can answer that question specifically for you. But maybe we can give you a little bit of a context though, that might help you frame the – your thinking about energy exposure, and then we can follow up offline. But just to frame it, direct energy for us is a very, very large – a small percentage of our overall exposure. So, to put numbers around, if you look at our credit AUM, it's less than 3.5% energy. If you look at our private equity portfolio, it's about 2% energy. And if you look at our balance sheet in terms of its exposure to direct energy, it's about 6%, 6.5%, give or take. So it's a very small percentage of our overall third-party AUM and our overall balance sheet. And in terms of the actual investments that we still have, in terms of the vast majority of those are cash flowing. Keep in mind, what we're left with in terms of our energy income and growth fund are largely unlevered positions in natural gas assets or oil assets or in the royalty or drilling space. But to date, they're performing reasonably well given the commodity environment; we have hedges in place for most of those. And what I would point you to in terms of focus, as you think about marks on that 2% to 6% of our assets, depending on how you look at it, is really what matters is what happens with the forward curve three years to five years out. It's basically a DCF base valuation, but that's going to have the biggest impact.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah, happy to. So, some of this is structural, Chris. You have to understand how these CLOs are structured. So on average, our CLOs are levered at about five times. And so, just to give you a sense for how to think about it, the LSTA, so the loan index in Q4 was down 2.1% in the quarter. Okay, so all else equal, you would have expected our equity underneath five-times-levered CLOs to be down 10% to 11%. We were actually down 8% in the quarter, because the underlying portfolio outperformed the LSTA index. So really when you look at the face of the press release, what you're seeing there is the mark on the equity underneath the CLO structures. So you should not compare that mark as a percentage of cost to where the index is trading; you'd almost want to take the index, multiply that by five or six to get a feel for the relative comparison in terms of that math. But really what's happening even further, and I won't get too much in the detail here because it gets complex quickly, is we have some older CLOs from KFN that are – that we've called and are running off, and some of those positions we're in the process of monetizing, and some of those traded down in Q3 and Q4. And then we have a number of newer CLOs that we've done on the basis of risk retention only in terms of our hold and the equity underlying those CLOs, and those are performing quite well. So there's a lot going on underneath the waves, but the punch line is, we're monetizing the old stuff and the new stuff's coming on. And if you look through the portfolio on a 100% basis, the overall performance of the portfolio has been quite good relative to the index.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure, Chris. It's a great question. So WMIH is actually a NASDAQ-traded entity. And think of it this way. It is the old holding company of Washington Mutual, which has a meaningful NOL. And so – and there's lots of public disclosures that that entity puts out, so there's lots that you could find out about it. But the punch line from KKR's standpoint is, we view it as a very interesting tax-advantaged vehicle for us to make some kind of strategic acquisition for KKR, in the financial space or otherwise, through that vehicle where we would have an ownership position in it. So in effect we've got a tax-advantaged vehicle through which we have the option of going and doing something interesting with balance sheet capital. So, I would think of it almost as a tax-advantaged SPAC that we can use to go do some interesting things. It's not a client account, to be clear, it's actually a public company.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. It's a great question, Devin. So I would answer it in a couple of different ways. One, in the first instance I would think more holistically about the firm. So when the traditional lending markets get more difficult, as we discussed before, we love that volatility, because what that does is provide an opportunity for us in our credit business from a deployment standpoint. And so a lot of companies, a lot of sponsors can't get financing; that creates a lot of deployment opportunity for us in credit in the first instance. And so you've seen those deployment numbers continue to kick up, and we've seen that business continue to grow. On private equity, it's a little bifurcated right now. So the U.S. market really pulled back pretty dramatically in the fourth quarter, and Europe was more open for new deals. So in the U.S., there's no question, right now it's a risk-off environment. Markets are starting to open up a little bit; some of the deals that were originated in Q4 are starting to come back to market. But the stories need to be really simple, and it needs to be a well-known sponsor, but if there is any complexity, it's very difficult. But the base case here is that new deals in the U.S. are going to be done under the Mills Fleet format or directly syndicated. We think that there is quite a bit of private capital out there. We know, because we work with a number of those counterparties in a lot of different instances to be able to finance these deals, but there is clearly some capacity constraint associated with that market. And so you can get a $1 billion or a $2 billion deal done; It's not clear, you can do dramatically more than that in this environment until the regular way market opens up for buyouts. So KCM is a huge weapon, because we can actually get those deals done, where I think it's more difficult for others to do that. It's great for credit, but it may capacity-constrain us a little bit on the U.S. PE side until the markets open up in a more traditional manner. Europe is a bit different, frankly. It's more constructive as a market, it's more stable. Deals are actually getting done. And so €1 billion plus transactions are doable. Still need the right credit and the right sponsor, and the secondary market in Europe is starting to pull back a bit, but the European market is not as dislocated as the U.S. So hopefully that color is helpful.
Scott C. Nuttall: Look, the bottom line, this is great. I mean, what tends to happen in an environment like this, valuations come down and the deals that we do in these types of environments tend to be our best deals. And so there may not be as much volume in PE that's done, but the deals that we do get done are done at a lower valuation, lower leverage; then the financing markets open back up and you're able frankly to put a different and longer-term capital structure in place in some instances. But the biggest driver of return in a lot of these transactions is getting an entry valuation that's very attractive, then creating operational improvement at the company, and then exiting at a time, as I said, when we've kind of swung back from fear to greed. And if you look back to what happened in the 2008-2009 period, we had a number of excellent transactions done during that period of time, because we were willing to lean in when everybody else was running the other direction. And that's why I say we love volatility, because it provides those types of opportunities. And so you'll continue to see us be judicious and patient, but when we find something we really like and there's an opportunity to move forward, we'll be able to do it because we have the capital and the teams are ready.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. So Michael, on the first one, just to clarify one thing in terms of our being one quarter into our new distribution program, we've actually retained less capital, because we spent more on the combination of the dividend and buybacks than we would have on our old distribution policy. So, that's – you are right in the long term. We have the potential to retain more capital, but we've actually chosen to change the mix of how we're using our capital to do buy-backs, and the fixed distribution obviously. And so the short answer, it hasn't really changed the way we're thinking about M&A in this environment. We've mentioned that most of the businesses that we're in today, we would expect to grow organically as opposed to through acquisition. We've got some opportunities like WMI that we talked about that could be interesting to do some things from the non- – inorganic standpoint, but no change in thought process there. And in terms of lower valuations, look, what we find is in the M&A market, when valuations go down, there is sometimes a bit of a lag, so it will take some time for a seller to be comfortable selling at a lower valuation. And the private and public markets tend to sync up in relatively short order. But we haven't seen any real change in competitive behavior as of yet. It's odd, but you know, what often times happens when valuations go down, strategic buyers may pull back a little bit, so we may actually see a bit less strategic competition. But you really need to have courage to wade into these types of markets. Strategics sometimes pull back, and that can create opportunities for us, because there's a bit less competition at lower valuations. The real question is what's the catalyst to do something in an environment like this? And we need that kind of catalyst, which is why it's helpful to have distressed plus private equity, and be able to operate in both types of situations.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Not a lot to report out yet. I would say on the distribution front, we've got our teams talking to each other and working together. Not a lot of overlap in our client base, and so we do see some opportunities to help them, and we see opportunities for them to help us. And that's off to a great start. And on the joint product side, we're working through a number of different ideas together. A bit early to give you any specific update, but we'll keep you updated in – along the way.
Scott C. Nuttall: Sure. Happy to take that. So I think in terms of – as you think about what's happening in the year ahead, handful of things I'd point you to. One is, we'll be finishing up our Special Sits II fundraise here in the first quarter, so I'd expect by the time we speak again we'll have an update on a final close there. The big dollar amount for this year, in terms of the main event, is our Americas XII private equity fundraise, so that's a flagship American – Americas PE fund. We are in the market with that fund right now, and it's early days but going quite well. Then you've got a series of other funds that we'll be in the market with. REPA II, which is the successor to our opportunistic real estate fund, we'll be in the market with that. European Direct Lending and European Real Estate, as I mentioned, we're still fundraising there. I expect those will finish it up this year. We're in the market with the successor to our Mezz funds. So, Mezz II or what we call private credit opportunities II, we're in the market there. And we're in the market with Growth Equity on the tech front. So those are the more episodic vehicles that we have in the market right now or over the course of the next several months. And then on top of that, as you know, we've got our hedge funds, Prisma, plus a number of direct products that the Prisma platform is launching, Marshall Wace, Nephila, et cetera. And then in credit, high-yield, leveraged loans, separate accounts, CLOs, other SMAs; on a continuous front. So a lot of activity across the board. I'm not going to give you a number in terms of an expectation for the year, but each of the last couple years -- last few years we've been kind of the $15 billion to $20 billion (53:17) range a year. And that was without having an America XII in the market. And so we think that that will be a big component of what we raise this year. The fundraising environment continues to be quite good. Investors have a good amount of cash. We have not seen the market volatility impact investors' behavior as of yet. So right now, we've got a lot of good things coming to market at a time when people seem excited to put money to work.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. Happy to give you color on that. So as you'll recall, back in 2008, we had about 275 productions and everything that we did. And we had set a target of getting to 1,000. As of year-end, we are at 895, just about at 900; that's up about a 100 year-over-year. We went in effect from 800 to 900 in the course of last year, Robert. And so we're seeing nice progress. And that 100 new per year has been pretty consistent the last two years or three years. In terms of cross-sell, that continues to be our biggest opportunity. Right now we're at about 1.7 products per client, but to give you a sense, our top 40 average number between three and four products. We think this is a big opportunity, especially when you look at the fact that about a third of our clients are in more than one product. So there's a big opportunity for us to continue to build our client franchise and earn their trust, but then do more – earn the right to do more with those clients that are working with us already. In terms of the re-up statistics and – or what new clients mean, just to give you a sense, across Special Sits, through Infrastructure II and Asia II, somewhere between 40% and 50% of the clients in those funds are new clients to KKR. They'll tend to be a smaller percentage of the dollars, because new clients tend to start a little smaller, but it's a very meaningful percentage of the clients, and somewhere between 25% and 50% of dollars for new funds – successor funds tend to come from new clients for the firm.
Scott C. Nuttall: Let me try to take them in turn. In the slide deck, we actually have a chart that's probably worth taking a look at. We referenced it quickly, on our dry powder. So if you go to page eight, you can see at the top half of that slide that our dry powder is now somewhere between $29 billion and $30 billion. You can see it's up 40% year-over-year. And if you go to the right hand part of that, the slide, you can see how it breaks down between asset classes. So as I said, we feel great because we are heading into this market of dislocation and volatility at the same time that we have a lot of capital with which to work, and those are all record numbers for us. So we feel really well positioned. In terms of where we see the opportunities, it's quite broad-based. I mentioned several times that we see opportunities in credit. I'd say probably last year the opportunity set was more on the private credit side. Now we're seeing enhanced opportunities in private credit, and also increasingly in what we call leveraged credit. The high-yield and leveraged loan markets are starting to dislocate. There's opportunistic credit opportunities. We see those opportunities clearly in the U.S. today, but increasingly we're starting to think that Europe's coming our way and there will be more to do in credit in Europe as well, not just in the private side, where the opportunity has been in place, but also in the more liquid markets as well. I'd also point you to areas like infrastructure, which we talked about in the prepared remarks, where we're seeing more opportunity to work with municipalities and governments in terms of buying their assets, or working with strategics that need capital for development opportunities and otherwise. So infrastructure, U.S. and Europe, would be another opportunity set I'd point to. Private credit – private equity, excuse me, continues to be a really interesting opportunity. Volatility definitely creates opportunities in that business. We are finding some non-traditional opportunities like Mills Fleet, but we are, we think, well positioned to be able to take advantage of lower valuations. Europe, PE, the opportunity is coming our way, there's a lot of pain in the financial sector. But there is activity picking up in new deals. And then Asia, while we're a bit cautious given the volatility, we are seeing opportunity come out of the volatility. And I'd point you to places like Japan, where we've done some corporate carve outs and think there is more to do there, some cross-border deals, Chinese services is a theme we like a lot. So private equity also continues to be interesting. Real estate credit – and I'm sorry to keep going, but it is really broad based right now. Real estate credit, very interesting opportunity as the traditional lending markets and real estate are impacted by the dislocation and the volatility, a lot to do there. And then opportunistic real estate is also an area where we see, especially at the smaller and midsized part of the market, there's just less capital there than there used to be, and we're creating pools of capital and investing our Fund I right into that supply-demand imbalance. So it's quite broad based. I'll stop there; I could keep going. Obviously there's a lot of capital needs in energy. There's a lot of capital needs in lot of markets around the world. But we're seeing deployment opportunities globally across asset classes, at the same time we have a lot of dry powder. In terms of the balance sheet and your question there, I would say the balance sheet is committed to all of the strategies that I just articulated. And so we will continue to draw down those balance sheet commitments as those underlying funds get invested, but there's nothing that I'd point you to there in particular. We are trying to make sure we have enough liquidity to take advantage of what we think are going to be some really interesting opportunities coming out of this dislocation. And so we want to be able to be liquid and opportunistic, and that's one of the best things about having our permanent capital base is we should be able to do that. And in terms of the, how long the dislocation will be here? I'm going to avoid trying to make any guess for you as to how long we're here. It does feel to us like we've got bit of time for this to play out, and we are suffering now from a handful of negatives. It was concern about China and oil, and now more recently there's much more anxiety about European banks, and I think there's an overall concern about a lack of liquidity in the market. Those are the big four. We don't see concern abating on those four fronts anytime soon, which is what makes us so optimistic that this is going to be a really interesting deployment environment for us for at least the near term and potentially the medium term.
Scott C. Nuttall: Yeah. And just as a follow-on, just imagine – I'm sure all of our shareholders who are listening – that all of your capital was locked up and could not be taken away for 5, 10-plus years. I mean, that's kind of why you hear the optimism from us that this is a great time for us, because if you had the locked up capital, you'd be to be pretty excited about making investments in this environment, where assets are down in some cases 30%, 50% plus in two or three months, where we don't think the fundamentals have really changed. And that's why we're so upbeat.
Scott C. Nuttall: Well, we don't really have to answer that question, as of yet, because we still have the capacity under the initial $500 million. So, but obviously, we are looking at the trade-off in terms of investing in our own stock versus investing into this market environment. And we just look at our stock as like any other investment opportunity. And so we'll continue to do that trade-off. We think our stock has really extraordinarily compelling value at these levels. But we also are seeing other investment opportunities come our way and become much more compelling it seems day by day. So we'll continue to do that relative trade-off. As I said, we'll be active buyers in the market in our stock next week. And we'll continue to do that trade-off and tell you what we're seeing on a relative basis and how we think about it. But right now, we see opportunities in both.
William Joseph Janetschek: And on the newer CLOs, what we're typically doing is just investing in the sub-notes, and providing just enough capital for risk retention. Obviously we are raising significant CLOs and have been over the past year, and the economics on putting up a small amount of capital and receiving fees on the entire CLO is quite attractive.
William Joseph Janetschek: Bill, this is Bill. Some of that was capital that we spent to jumpstart some of these businesses, but that isn't a big number. Obviously what happened is, with the markdown of our balance sheet in the third quarter and fourth quarter, when you're looking at a total revenue to total profitability, to the extent that you have on a mark-to-market basis some write-downs in a particular quarter, your margins are going to shrink. But again, based upon performance, and we've been now a public company in the past six years, we feel pretty comfortable that we're going to target, on average, a margin of anywhere in between that 50% and 60%.
William Joseph Janetschek: Mike, what you should look at – you hit the nail on the head, is really year-over-year. And so, when you see the increase in operating expenses, it was up a little less than 2%. What happened in the fourth quarter, there were just some expenses that tend to come in in the fourth quarter. So if you're comparing fourth to third, it always looks like there's a little bit of a jump. But on a normalized basis, when you go year-over-year, we've done a pretty good job of managing expenses. As far as cash comp is concerned, it was up in this particular quarter only for the fact that a lot of the cash comp is driven by fee income. So fee income was quite robust in the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to the third quarter of 2015, and that's why you saw that increase.
William Joseph Janetschek: Yeah. The short answer is yes. This is Bill. The one thing we've got is, we've got flexibility in that; we've got KFN, which is 100% owned by KKR and it's got its own debt and that debt is recourse to those assets; and then we've got KKR proper, with its own leverage. And so, to the extent that we could use that debt to our advantage, we have the ability to fund investments in either the KKR proper balance sheet or through KFN.
William Joseph Janetschek: And Brian, just to give you a little color – and this is just on private market side. We've, right now we've got approximately $2.5 billion of deals signed up which will probably close in the first quarter and second quarter. And to run down into some of the numbers, we've got about $700 million signed up in U.S., about a $1 billion in Europe, and a few hundred million in Asia; we have a couple of hundred million signed up for energy and real estate, real estate credit, and approximately $400 million in infrastructure. So across all the platforms in private markets, based upon what we see today, the deployment pace, at least over the foreseeable future, is going to be quite robust.
William Joseph Janetschek: Hey, Chris. This is Bill. With regard to EFH, the investment is now written off completely. So as it relates to our funds, as it relates to our balance sheet, everything is done as we look at EFH. As it relates to Samson, we've written net investment down to zero. However, we haven't written it off. So from a cash earnings point of view, when that company emerges from bankruptcy, and we may not receive any equity, at that time we'll have a realization event from a cash earnings point of view. But – I don't want to overemphasize this, but I want to. The impact, when Samson comes out of bankruptcy and we write the investment to zero, if in fact that's where we end up, has no impact to ENI, because all of the pain on the write-down of that investment from inception till today has already been taken through the P&L. So, again, no impact to ENI when we have a crystallization event for Samson.
William Joseph Janetschek: And that number, as you probably know, because we reported this as a separate asset probably five, six quarters ago, is roughly about $250 million on the balance sheet.
William Joseph Janetschek: It would only be a few cents. So, Scott had mentioned that we had two monetizations in Aegis so far, and one dividend recap in the U.S., but back of the envelope – and I did this yesterday – we're talking about $0.03 or $0.04.
