Mike McFerran: Yes, but the one thing I want to correct, Lee, is that 600 million is in cash, and in addition to that, we have $150 million untapped line of credit that we can increase to $350 million. So, if we increase that line of credit to $350 million that number will be $950 million.
Mike McFerran: Our goal is to generate treasuries plus a 1000, which will flush away based upon what the interest rate environment, so treasuries plus 1000 a day is 12%.
Mike McFerran: On a pro forma basis. We have parts of our portfolio that are earning quite high relative to that, but we are talking about incremental dollar in the ground just given the benefit of some of the legacy CLOs, but if that tenure goes up another 200 basis points, then you would be at that 14% return on equity.
Mike McFerran: I mean, I think that’s a reasonable assumptions we set today, I mean if you just look at kind of what the market is saying in the contexts of the interest rate curve, it’s kind of saying very slow growth, low yield to the next five years, because if you look at kind of where the five year treasury is relatively to the 10-year treasury that implies that the buyers in the 10-year are expecting longer term inflation. But buyers that are in that kind of zero to five curve are not willing to admit that’s a possibility, and so natural resources and real estate are two reinvestments that provides cash yield (indiscernible) in different environments. So, we’ll have some capital deployment in this sector, but as we talked about that’s probably will more than a minority of our total capital. And if the CLO market which you’ve seen AAA spreads gone from like 145 to 140 now to 130, they have not tightened as fast as asset spreads have, but as they accelerate in the contexts of tightening, you could see more capital deployment and allocating more subordinated notes based upon the risk adjusted return in future CLO issuance.
Mike McFerran: There will be some slope in the first two quarters, but then after that where you will see potentially more opportunity – so then you will actually be in that treasuries plus 1000. After that it really depends on what the credit markets do. If you saw assets that really widen out following a wave of prepayments or something you saw really in 2007 for the first half of the year it seems tight and tight and tight and the second half of the year spreads widened out then you will have the opportunity to employee a lot more capital at wider spreads. If that repeats itself then we can do better than what we are targeting.
Mike McFerran: Absolutely, it was zero and the background on that is and as we mentioned in our remarks, A, we had liquidity where we didn’t need to use that revolving facility. And we haven’t used on for years and we frankly use that, we have that viewed that really as kind of a rainy day backup facility because the way it works it was a borrowing base where you pledge assets and declines in the fair value of assets would resolve then you have to pay it down or propose collateral. So, the benefit of the new facility we have in place is that we would actually expect to have much higher utilization because now we don’t have any negative precaution of asset price is falling. So, this gives us a lot more flexibility to use it opportunistically without the downside risk.
Mike McFerran: We definitely would run we have – as we talked about pro forma $600 million of cash toady so we would have drawn that with a much a cash on the account. What it does change for us is Bill and I can operate the business with a different mindset of being able to run the business with a very small amount of cash knowing that we have that tech without any restriction.
Mike McFerran: There was a small amount at the beginning of October that we talked about on our last call. There were none subsequent to quarter end and today we still hold and it’s in our supplement the number is about $85 million still of those Class D notes.
Mike McFerran: Sure, so what you are seeing at December 31st, the reported share count number on the income statement is consistent with the assumption that we would settle all of the converts with the shares.
Bill Sonneborn: Really, no maturities for 23 years, well other than a small oil and gas credit facility down and so…
Bill Sonneborn: So, in a supplement Lee on page 25, you will see the interest rate sensitivity of our credit portfolio. Now, it’s somewhat offset because we have lot of fixed rate debt in the holding company, but roughly you will see that the first kind of 100 basis points costs about $17 million and then we will start to creep that back. So, what we are hoping for in the context of a rate move is something more akin to 1994.
Bill Sonneborn: Yeah, I can’t speak for the Board, I’m just one member of that Board, so it will inappropriate for me to do that, but – and we have very fulsome discussions in the context of thinking about how much capital return to shareholders versus retained based upon opportunities we have, existing dry powder we have on the balance sheet and the like and so that all gets factored into the analysis of our distribution every quarter and every year.
Bill Sonneborn: Well, we tried to protect with that by having 30% of our common book value and cash, which is the best asset to have in deflation. So, we are trying to have a two-thirds of shareholders capital with an inflationary bet on, but we have one-third where we want to protect from our risk management if there is deflation and preserve shareholder capital, that’s one of the reason we’ve created the capital structure and yeah I’ll think of cash as an investment in certain times.
Bill Sonneborn: We are still trying to skin that cap, it’s a very complex equation given some of the rules and regulatory regimes that have gone on and continued to transpire in Europe, but it is still strategically a goal that we have.
Bill Sonneborn: For that CLO, that is the bogie, we and clearly when we take on treasuries plus 1000 nicely about that CLO to the nature of it gives us that ability for the portfolio to adjust accordingly if rates go up.
Bill Sonneborn: Sure good question. The U.S. mezz market and the reason that we just haven’t deployed there is we’ve tried to be pretty vocal of shareholders that we kind of have risk tolerance we will undertake and then we want to get that treasuries plus 1000 return with that risk tolerance. And because of the strength of the high-yield market the capital market here in the U.S. and the competition of lots of business development companies that focus exclusively or almost exclusively on the U.S. mezz market or second lien market, the return per unit of risk hasn’t met our threshold. So, where we found more opportunity is in Europe where there is fewer competitors. That being said a return of M&A volume which has also been slow in the U.S. could change that equation from the supply demand balance domestically. So, that’s the issue from a mezz perspective, how we thought about the asset class. When it comes to thinking about real estate, we can provide that disclosure on page 23. My answer is we do expect to announce and you will see press releases potentially in the next few weeks or months of additional asset acquisitions targeting those things again they can protect shareholders’ capital given acquisition at well below replacement cost have an opportunity to provide yield and have upside depreciation particularly in an inflation area.
Bill Sonneborn: (Not followed) I think today with cash so that would capture most of the converts than we have may go on top of it, but as we expressed the total increase would be 26.1 million shares.
Bill Sonneborn: Well, I mean, especially there is lots of variables to that question, I did say we expect buoyant market conditions in the context of some in the credit markets to continue for at least 18 months and being the fixating of the credit cycle. And the reason being that may not impact capital deployment is talks about answer another question CLOs are very attractive asset class in periods of tightening credit spreads particularly when the liability side tightens at the same pace as the asset side. And you are starting to see liability spread they are tightened by 10 basis points just in the past six weeks they may tighten even further that moved down in the context of those structures locking in senior secured loans. And that treasuries plus 1000 and the optionality on that liability cost is extremely valuable for our shareholders. So, there is ways we can deploy substantial amounts of capital even in kind of those pretty strong credit market conditions that we’ve been experiencing over the past six months.
Bill Sonneborn: Jasper, all good questions and I think we’ve talked in previous calls that we are very, very focused on shareholder value and so yes we have a REIT sub, yes, have an MLP sub and so to the extent that – as those scale over time, the only way we can unlock true shareholder value is through swaps or spin-offs, it’s always something we are opened to consider, that’s an embedded option and quite there is an example of an embedded option we carry in the structure that we can unlock if market condition suggest that’s the best way to drive value for our common holders.
Bill Sonneborn: Well, thank you all, I appreciate again your trust and confidence. We look forward to getting back to work and trying to hit the targets we set out for us. Thanks.
