Greg Case: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I'm joined by Christa Davies, our CFO; and Eric Andersen, our President. Additionally, we're delighted to be joined by Edmund Reese, who will succeed Christa as CFO on July 29. On our call today, Christa and I will provide our usual prepared remarks, and Edmund will highlight a few initial observations before he officially steps in to report Q3. As in previous quarters, we posted a detailed financial presentation on our website. We begin by thanking our colleagues around the world, including the 7,700 colleagues we welcome from NFP for the great work they do to deliver for clients, on each of the three pillars of our 3x3 plan, delivering Risk Capital and Human Capital solutions through our Aon Client Leadership Model scaled by the Aon Business Services platform. Let's now turn to Edmund. Edmund, on behalf of Global Aon, we're thrilled to have you on our team and your first day on Investor Call as you officially step into the CFO role on Monday. Welcome.
Greg Case: Yes. Andrew, if you step back and think about where we were, I know everyone tends to look at the quarter-to-quarter, we look at the overall trend over time, and in particular, just great, pure, core skill in our ability to make a difference with clients. And what we're describing is with the 3x3 plan, this is not conceptual. This is a serious double down on an organization around risk capital, which means we're connecting reinsurance and commercial risk capability in a way that's never been connected in our industry before. On the human capital side, as Eric talked about, with talent, health and retirement, that combination that has then been reinforced and supported and driven by Aon Business Services, and if you think about the talent, to the talent question you raised, we brought a very unique set of talent skills in Aon Business Services from our industry, but candidly, well outside of our industry from firms like Conagra and like Walmart, and like Google, and like Accenture and they've come together and did some things that have never been done. So that, to us, is the foundation that's been set down. And all you're seeing in the second quarter is just a manifestation of as that happens. That then gets amplified when you bring in capability, as Eric has described, and we're doing that and continuing to focus on that. So that's the story. And our view is, again, it's '24, '25 and '26. It's three commitments over the next three years that we think put us in a unique position to not only succeed with clients, but to build momentum, even Edmund alluded to this as he came in, to build momentum beyond 2026. So that's exactly what we're on track to do, and you can expect continuation in the second half of the year to see that play out.
Greg Case: Listen, first of all, you always step back, as Christa described, and has always done around our ROIC, return on invested capital framework, and what we're trying to do to sort of maximize outcome for our clients but also for our shareholders. So everything is in the construct of that. Listen, we love this platform. This has been fantastic. We had very high expectations of NFP coming in and they've been exceeded. Now it's only two months, but Doug Hammond and the team have been fantastic working with Eric, absolutely fantastic. We love this platform, what this platform can do. So that's really where we're going to concentrate. We're going to focus on that and reinforce the M&A plan that Christa talked about and really bring capability of Aon Business Services into the middle market in a unique way as well. And if you think about it, we want our colleagues in NFP to understand had a great franchise and capability before, now with additional capability for Aon, wow, even more for that producer group. So this is really going to be our focal point in every way, shape or form. And what we're finding is that's absolutely true. And also NFP has capability that actually resonates across global Aon. So it really is going both ways sort of in the context of it. So look for us to focus on that, to get that right and that's going to be our mission and really our obsession as we sort of complete '24 and into 2025.
Greg Case: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. Step back for a second. Be careful with quarter-to-quarter you sort of compare where we are. Think about sort of Commercial Risk versus Q2 '23, we're 6% here, 5% the last quarter, so it's a progression over kind of a comparable quarter. And really, the fundamentals are exactly what we said they are. It really is net new business. It's better, it's stronger retention across the board. And also, by the way, the connectivity of our firm means we're doing things in human capital that leverages off of risk capital and then in risk capital it leverages off of human capital in ways that's sort of actually we're doing more with clients, and you're seeing that as well. And so that's the progression. And as we really dug into the 3x3 plan, as we closed last year and began this year, you're starting to see the momentum around that. You didn't see as much of that in Q1 as you now see in Q2, and we think it's going to continue to pick up as we continue to introduce the analyzers and all the capability and the service enhancements that Eric has talked about. So that really is the driver. This is really global, though. If you think about it, all of our solution lines are at 6% or greater, all of our solution lines. And the geographic strength was really global, even more so outside the US than even inside the US. And so that will continue to progress. And -- but that's really -- it's not complicated. It's just execution and we continue to execute and then amplified by priority capability we're bringing in from a hiring standpoint.
Greg Case: Yes. Really appreciate the question, David. Listen, to step back, again, this thesis we've talked about is consistent and it will continue forever with this team and it really is around capability and delivering one client at a time and how you create the maximum leverage to do that for that client. And that means that whether you call it productivity, effectiveness, we need better solutions, better content to support these clients. By the way, if you haven't seen this megatrend analysis Eric's talked about, we love to send you a copy. You've got to take a look at this. And this is not -- our genius, this is looking around the world in the sense of saying what are clients facing? And we not only did the megatrends report, we actually did a survey on top of it. Went out and talked to 800 C-suite executives around how they think about these megatrends. David, all four of these were kind of five alarm fires, three of which they basically said, I need help on. And so right now, I don't know exactly what to do. Against that, you need, again, whether you call it productivity, you need better capability. To be blunt, you've got to give them better insight and that's really been the investment. And if you think about it, part of the investment is connected investment. We actually have to operate as a global firm. If someone's coming out of Europe to invest in the US and our colleagues aren't talking to each other, that means our clients integrating for. No, we're not going to do that. We're going to serve in an integrated way on behalf of client need. And we've done that. And by the way, call that productivity over the last number of years, that served us really well. And what you've seen us now do with the 3x3 is say, look, we're going to double down on that. We see even more opportunity, again, coming out of this megatrends report and what we're hearing from clients, and we are doubling down. This is a Aon Business Services. This is talent, capability and the risk analytics. This is a $1 billion bet to really strengthen that. And then we've said with that capability, our ability then to bring in colleagues and to arm our current colleagues is now greater. And so the reason we see opportunity to bring additional talent is the need is high. And when they come in, it isn't just more bodies. It's more individuals, no doubt, but it's actually more individuals, each of whom have greater capability, both in analytics, but also in a way in which we are really delivering on their behalf. So this is what you see us doing right now and it really cuts across all of our solution lines. So it really is a nice combination sort of in terms of where we are. And we're going to be able to do this without backing up on our commitments, mid-single-digit or greater, improved margins and free cash flow. And just to be clear, what's happening on free cash flow is an opportunity for us, which we think is quite unique for us and for you, and it really is the translation of revenue into free cash flow. The 3x3 is going to take what has been a decade-plus double-digit free cash flow growth and it's going to strengthen it. And so that's with additional capability, magnified by additional individuals. And so really -- there really isn't one over the other, David, it's both, and we're doubling down on capability and in doing so, it creates the opportunity. It's also why NFP was so attractive for us. We can bring this capability now not just at the large corporate arena, but into the middle market and we can do so with this incredible platform called NFP. So that really -- that's the combination. Now that's easy to say and really hard to do and almost impossible to duplicate. But that's the mission, that's what we love. And that's what you're starting to see in Q2 and you'll see throughout the year.
Greg Case: And Meyer, to your question on productivity, listen, productivity evolves over time. It doesn't happen immediately, as you know. If you ask yourself how much of the hiring shows up in Q2 of 2024? Limited, right? These folks are just coming in. But by the way, they ramp a lot faster when you give them the content capability Eric's describing because they have skills and capability and it's not going to their existing clients, it's going to new clients, which they love to be able to do and come in and build our portfolio. So for us, this amplification is going to really play out in '25 and '26 in a powerful way. But in the meantime, the capability we have across our current field is what's driving results.
Greg Case: Appreciate the question. And just to be brief, we can go into any detail offline, if it's helpful, Grace, as you think about it. But listen, this has been -- it's just a terrific business and the team has done an amazing job. The pension risk transfer is a big, big part of the world these days, particularly in the US and the UK. We have an incredibly strong leading position in that. You're seeing that play through, the regulatory challenges and changes. So all these things sort of fit and NFP has an incredibly strong capability in this arena, too, and we're seeing that as well. But again, to emphasize what you see in the 9% is the Aon results overall, even without NFP, and that's what you see playing out. Just an exceptionally strong team in the current environment.
Greg Case: Just wanted to do two things. First, again, recognize and welcome Edmund. Edmund, so awesome to have you around the leadership table, and just looking forward to our work and our mission together. And will be teed up and ready to go for Q3 to lead the call. So thanks for that, Edmund. And then, of course, to Christa. Christa, you are an extraordinary leader and an even more compelling individual. And thank you. Thank you so much on behalf of global Aon for 16 years of true, true excellence. Thanks so much. Talk to you soon everyone.
Eric Andersen: Yes, Greg. So first of all, I would say that strong retention and strong new business really are an outcome of the work that's been going on in the quarter. But just to touch a little bit on the priority hires, if I could, for a second, as you mentioned, in the key specialty areas, construction, energy, other industry areas. We're looking at those investments in people like we do any other investment. We want to bring in the best talent that is out there, support them with the best tools and analytics, whether it's the new analyzers that Christa talked about, some of the broker-led analytics, new tools like automated certificates of insurance to make sure we're providing the right colleague and client experience. But I would also say that the analyzers fit into what we've been doing around the $1 billion investment in ABS and those tools. And when you match that talent, that new talent and existing talent, right, the great talent that's already here at Aon, with those new tools, you begin to provide a different experience for our colleagues who can actually serve their clients better, but also to the clients themselves who get better insight from us really begin to unlock the analytics that we've been talking about, match that with the global broking capability, the access to the reinsurance capital, really the whole strategy around how we're bringing capital to clients, and you see a different experience. And we've seen it in client events, whether it's at RIMS or our property symposium or other client events that have been going on in the first half of the year, you really see the excitement from the clients who are starting to really understand what we're trying to give to them in the whole ecosystem of tools and talent and people. I could share stories and tell you some client wins and things. But really, the new news are these risk analyzers and you see it also on the Health side. The ability to show a client where their risks are, how they structure a program around it and then how they access global capital with a client leader who fully understands their business is actually helping us drive better, stronger retention and better net new business wins.
Eric Andersen: I would also -- I would broaden the aperture a little bit around just thinking about producers. Greg, you talked about the tools, which are absolutely right. But when you think about what we do for clients, it's more than just production. It's does the client manager or client executive understand the client industry? Does the broker, if it's an energy broker, be able to talk about the risks of a client? Or the claims people or the risk analytics people being able to sort of match that to the industry expertise? So when we talk about investments in areas like construction or energy or life sciences and pharmaceuticals, it really is broader than just a producer. You actually have to have that skill set to be able to serve that client all the way through the chain on the risk side and more and more so on the talent and health and wealth side as well. So we are investing in those areas where we see growth, and we plan to continue to make those investments as the year progresses.
Eric Andersen: Sure. This is Eric. Why don't I take this one? I think, listen, what we're describing here is a transitioning market where you look at it across the global platform of Aon, you'd see essentially pricing is, we'd call it, flat. But within that, there's 100 mini markets. You've got property, you've got casualty, specialty lines, et cetera. Overall, you're still seeing, as you asked around cyber and D&O, you're seeing pricing very much in favor of a buyer, a buyer's market, but that pricing is moderating. So it's not as steep as it was earlier. On the transaction services, Greg mentioned it, but I would just say that we're seeing an appropriate share of the pipeline of things that are happening. So we feel pretty good about that. Property is, I would say, heading towards flat for -- on average. But with better risks, maybe there's an opportunity for a price decrease. For more challenging risk, maybe it's still up a little bit. Casualty is probably the area that's getting the most attention right now, especially based on sort of coming out of the pandemic, was the pricing right and there have been reserve needs. So there's questions around casualty, especially around auto and anything with wheels, I would say, but that will develop. But that is actually still an increasing market from a pricing standpoint. What I would also say, when you get into a scenario, like this client's behavior actually changes. They make different decisions. So as they're able to potentially save in certain areas, they will invest that premium elsewhere because during the last five years of a challenging market, they made decisions going the other way where they actually reduced some of the insurance, took higher retentions, narrower coverage, that type of thing. And so they're able to revisit some of those decisions in this kind of a market. So our expectation is as we go through the rest of the year, you're going to continue to see the market transition in the way that it is right now. But ultimately, client behavior changes. And it's one of actually, just to go back to the analyzer comment, it's one of the beauties of this risk analyzer on the insurance side that it actually compares their existing programs and allows them to make different risk trading decisions as to where to deploy new capital to protect themselves and change structure. So it is a great opportunity for clients to reevaluate where they are today and how they build the right financial protection for them going forward.
Eric Andersen: Greg, maybe let me pick it up a little bit of a level. We put out a report recently around a better decisions report that focused in on these four major trends that are happening around tech, trade, workforce and weather and how business leaders feel like they're not prepared to deal with all these. And this cyber-attack or system outage that happened this week is just one example that brings it to mind. And so clients are really looking hard at their risk exposures that give us an opportunity as a connected firm globally with the right analytics to be able to help them navigate some of these topics. And so we've been seeing this building in terms of client need and strong growth in Europe, strong growth in Latin America, connected around client opportunities everywhere in the world. So a lot of the underpinnings that have been our Aon United strategy have really begun to take effect in a period where clients feel significant need.
Eric Andersen: Sure. And I would say, listen, if you go back to what I just said about those four trends and you think about trade and the reshoring. So that's usually manifest in our industry as construction as global supply chains become sort of nearer to home basis you see a significant amount of construction. Our enterprise client strategy where we are connecting with clients around the world, as they build into North America or they build into Mexico or other areas, we're there to capture and work with those clients on those exposures. Certainly, energy, not just traditional energy, but renewable energy. It's a very specific expertise both on a client management but also a sort of brokerage capability to be able to draw capital. Our ability to invest there is important. Don't forget the analytic investment that's needed as well to be able to provide the insight around how to strategically manage those risks and ultimately match capital to that risk. So we are investing across the spectrum of capability within that industry framework. You could put financial institutions, you could put pharmaceutical. We highlight construction and energy because they're so tangible and people can see what's happening, but there are certainly other areas where we are investing as well. But it goes across not just production, but through capability all the way through analytics.
Eric Andersen: Look, I think there is still a significant amount of room for us to grow in middle market. It's one of the reasons why we're so excited about this independent and connected philosophy that we're bringing to the NFP team. Independent as in we want their 900 salespeople certainly continuing to do what they've been doing historically for NFP, but they're seeing challenges to their client base around some of these risks that we've been talking about, whether it's cyber, et cetera, that are actually getting closer to the middle market as a real risk. And their ability to use Aon content or Aon producers and client leaders being able to use some of the NFP content for the middle market business that sits within Aon is such a great opportunity to drive more activity and more opportunity for us to serve that middle market client base. But we're still -- we still see a lot of runway in front of us on what you would call a $31 billion market. We're still relatively underweight in that space. And so there's a lot of good room to run here.
Eric Andersen: Listen, I would say when we launched the 3x3 strategy back at the middle of -- the end of last year, we outlined for ourselves the priority investments that we wanted to make where we thought there was real need for us to serve clients. And so it is not something we started last week, if that's your question. We've been looking at it essentially over the last 12 months. How you actually build that pipeline of talent, how you actually get them into the firm, how you onboard them, how you take existing Aon clients and deploy them into those growth areas as well has been something that's been going on parallel to bringing in outside talent. So it's not just an outside talent discussion. So it's something that we identified as we laid out the 3x3 plan. It's something we see over the next two to three years as well as a real opportunity for the firm to invest in growth.
Eric Andersen: So thanks for the question. I would say there is a war for talent where there is good talent everywhere. So whether it's the large segment, whether it's the small segment, the mid-market segment, whether it's in Health and Wealth or Risk. So I think you can safely assume that where there are good people, there are people chasing those good people. And so when we laid out the premise for the NFP integration with Aon around independent and connected, we did that under the guise of understanding that would be valuable to the individual colleague at NFP is to be able to serve their client in the same format that they used to serve them in terms of that strong personal relationship, but give them better content and give them better tools over time. And so early on in the process, the content piece we are connecting very quickly, which can be connecting them to our broking centers, giving them access to our programs or facilities, showing, beginning to map out how do you deliver analytics at scale through ABS into the middle market client base. On the Health side, how do you actually -- with complementary client sets, how do you begin to aggregate the data to be able to give better insight to that client. So really what we're trying to do with the NFP colleague is make them better in terms of the tools that they have. They already have great relationships. It's how do we make them better in the areas that they want to serve those clients. We think that ultimately will allow us to draw more individual people in. We're already seeing that the pipeline on M&A is a better quality pipeline for the NFP team because this independent and connected capability is really resonating with these firms who are seeing that their clients are looking for more. They don't want to give up that relationship piece. And so I think we're finding the best of a big firm with a lot of capabilities and a mid-market firm that's strong in relationships and finding that connection, being able to use the analytics, being able to use the technology and being able to use the content, but in a way that drives for them better outcomes while still maintaining those relationships. So that's the goal and that's what we're -- as Christa said, two months in, early days. But we feel pretty good about how we've started.
Eric Andersen: So in the planning process leading up to the close and then in the 90 days since we've closed, we've put a significant amount of work to connect them first with products and capabilities because I think that's the easiest thing to get started with. And then we're laying the track to be able to provide the analytic capabilities, both in Health, Wealth and in Risk, which will take a little bit of time as we go through the year. But we started with opening access to our broking center, opening products that we have an affinity or programs we have in Risk and Health to be able to offer them to their client base. So we've started with the things that are easier to connect, and we're laying the plans to do some of the more -- sort of the more structural things around analytics.
Eric Andersen: Sure. Listen, I think that's hard to answer that question on a macro basis in terms of what does each client have. Certainly, the focus has historically been on kind of malicious intent on a cyber-hack, but certainly a system outage not driven by a cyber-assault does create a new form of risk exposure. That's always been there, honestly, but maybe now is at the front of mind as people look to see the type of cover that they have. I think the insurance part of it, the risk taker part is certainly going to look at that from a scope of cover, price for the coverage, all that's healthy in a growing marketplace. But certainly, technology overall whether it's AI or cyber or what have you, it's certainly front of mind of our clients as we, Greg and I, both mentioned in that survey we just put out. And so I do think it will be an area where we continue to invest and want to be able to provide that capability and understanding to our clients with the cyber analyzer that we're launching. But certainly, when things like this happen, it certainly raises the profile and causes each of our clients to look pretty carefully at their own risk platform to understand it.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Elyse. In Q2, similar to Q1, the tax rate was driven by a geographic mix of income and the impact of unfavorable discretes. I would note that discrete can be favorable or unfavorable in any one quarter, and therefore, the rate can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. We really do think about it over the full year. And as you said, Elyse, we don't give guidance going forward, but that is a historical accurate rate going backwards.
Christa Davies: That is exactly right, Elyse. And what we've really seen is the acquisition activities NFP slowed down a little as they were negotiating with us for obvious reasons. But the pipeline looks incredibly strong in the back half of the year, and we think they are fully on track to deliver that $45 million to $60 million of EBITDA in 2024.
Christa Davies: Yes. Thanks so much for the question. The first thing I'd say is if you model the free cash flow growth of Aon, which is substantial and accelerating as a result of the 3x3 plan and the investment we've made in restructuring and the return on that and NFP, the highest return on capital across Aon remains share buyback. It is a phenomenal return. It's a phenomenal return at today's price. It's a phenomenal return at our all-time highs. And so we will disproportionately allocate capital to share buyback, which is what you've seen us do, despite commitments we've got in 2024 on paying down debt and delevering and the NFP transaction costs and some other uses of cash in 2024. And we'll commit to do over $1 billion of buyback in 2024 and over the long-term because that's really driving amazing free cash flow growth, and therefore, amazing free cash flow per share growth for shareholders.
Christa Davies: Yes. Thanks for the question. We haven't actually given that detail in terms of the split, but it is consistent with Q1 in that the two things driving it really are the mix of geographic income and unfavorable discretes. And I would say discretes can be favorable or unfavorable in any one quarter, which makes the tax rate lumpy by quarter, and I would go back to saying the way we think about it is over the course of a full year.
Christa Davies: Yes. So we are exactly on track with all deal financials and returns on the deal, including EPS accretion. Dilutive in '24, breakeven in '25 and accretive in '26. And I would note that free cash flow per share follows that same trajectory. And so we are super excited, albeit early days, two months in on delivering on the revenue synergies, the cost synergies and the free cash flow of $300 million in 2025 and $600 million in 2026.
