Elyse Greenspan: Last quarter on your conference call, you guys had alluded to, if you go into a recession, there could be an impact on the discretionary pieces of your business, which I believe is around 20% of your revenue. I was just hoping for you guys to expand just upon, if we do go into recession later this year or '23, how that could impact revenue in Aon. And I'm assuming like right now, given the growth you saw in the quarter, you're not seeing any signs of a slowdown just yet.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And then my second question, Christa, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the slowdown in free cash flow to start the year and mentioned like receivables as part of the reason. So as you think about the back half of the year, do you think cash flow is going to be strong enough that you'll hit the double-digit target this year? I think right decided it's still double-digit growth for 2022.
Elyse Greenspan: Great. And one last quick following thing. The other income line, you did see gains a couple of quarters in a row in some business sales. Should we model that going forward? I know in the past, you told us just to assume kind of 0 for that line on an ongoing basis.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. I would say, look, Elyse, it's a great question. And areas of growing risks, like climate change, geopolitical uncertainty, all have a major impact, changing regulation on areas like wealth the focus on workforce resilience, well-being, challenging talent market, you go on and on, health care costs, all issues that our clients are facing irrespective of broader economic conditions. I would also say, the Aon United model that we've built is actually built for moments like this, where our teams are integrating together trying to come up with innovative solutions for clients in a way that pulls all the different capabilities of the firm and can deliver it in one unified fashion. So we think the world isn't getting any less risky. And so the opportunity is there for us to continue to grow our business.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Christa. And maybe I'll just touch on the Tyche platform that we acquired just as a way to tie some of these pieces together. And for those that remember, Tyche was really about enhancing the capability around capital modeling that we do around reserving and pricing, predominantly for the life and non-life business on the reinsurance side. But ultimately, where we see it going over time is how we extend the platform beyond insurers to corporate clients as many of these large corporates with big balance sheets are looking to optimize their own risk strategies across insurance, captive, self-insurance, etcetera and need better information to be able to do it. So the ability to add that team and that talent to be able to provide that existing impact to our insurance clients from reinsurance angle, but then use that capability across the broader firm is one of the areas of why we were so interested in Tyche. And it's also just worth saying that once you acquire an asset like that, getting them involved in the Aon United mindset, how we actually integrate them and leverage their capabilities across a broader firm has been what we've been working on over the last couple of months and I think just build confidence in our ability to use that kind of capability across the broader firm.
Eric Andersen: Thanks, Greg. It's a great question and one that's really important to us and we spend a lot of time on. And we have been making investments, which are really exciting. I would say they come in like 3 buckets. The first is we're investing in client leadership, especially people who have industry focus and deep understanding of client-specific challenges. We're also investing organically in some of the areas we've been talking about, like climate, cyber, IP, analytics, all the areas where we think we can add real value to clients and need expertise to be able to provide that value. And then the third, and we talked a little bit about it with Tyche, but CoverWallet, the same through M&A, we're bringing in expertise not only from a people perspective but a technology perspective as well. And then critical to, I think, Greg, just picking up on your last point, making sure that we embed that talent in the firm, so that the broader firm can use it and leverage it with their clients, using that Aon United model to get that talent across all types of clients around the world is critical, but really focused on making sure we've got the best talent in the industry. And I think we're making great progress.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg, I will. It's a great question and something we're really excited about as a platform. And there's 2 ways you use it. You use a direct-to-consumer, which continues to be sort of the base of what CoverWallet was when we acquired it, and that continues to grow. But where we're actually seeing great opportunity is how we bring CoverWallet to our existing clients that have large distribution issues on their own, whether it's rideshare companies or dealerships or what have you, where they need to provide product to a broad number of people, think of it from a B2B2C perspective versus a direct-to-consumer. And so when you look at our enterprise client strategy and our ability to get to those large clients with this capability, as they're trying to provide value either to their own colleagues or to their business partners, it does give us a platform that we think drives great growth for us and rounds out the relationships that we have with these clients in a way we're providing real value. So we bought it as a D2C, and we've been able to expand it into the B2B2C arena and are having some good success with it.
Eric Andersen: Sure. I think when you look at the long-term outlook, certainly helping the clients mitigate health care costs and improving employee health and well-being is a great business at the moment, and I think we're really confident in it. The growth has come from all geographies. And it's driven by retention, renewals, project work across the broad segment of that area, but also great growth related to the well-being and employee resilience part of health; the human capital piece with the Data Solutions growth, the advisory work really broad-based in terms of its impact we're having with clients across all of our geographies.
Eric Andersen: Facultative has been a great business for us over many years. And if you put it in the context of the overall market, where many of the insurers continue to remediate their portfolios, and they often do that through the use of facultative placements in order to maintain their direct client relationship. So fact for us around the world continues to be a great business, and we had created value with it and expect that, that would continue as we go forward.
Christa Davies: And Elyse, I'd just add that many of the underlying drivers of GDP, as Greg highlighted, positively impact our business. We've talked about market impact, which has really made up of two components; insurance pricing, which provides modest tailwinds to growth and remain strong; and inflation, which increases insured values, exposures, wages, medical costs, some asset value, all things that positively correlate with our revenue and offset potential pressures while on GDP. We've also mentioned that interest rates have a positive impact on our business through fiduciary investment income. Each 100 basis point increase in interest rates is $60 million top line and bottom line for us. It also decreases our pension unfunded liability, which decreases cash contributions to pensions. And finally, our investment Aon Business Services continues to drive efficiency and support growth while helping mitigate inflationary impacts on our own cost base. So we're very confident of these trends, and the fact that volatility actually creates challenges for other industries that really creates opportunity for us with clients, as Greg and Eric has highlighted.
Christa Davies: We are certainly confident about achieving double-digit growth for 2022 really. And we absolutely -- as you described, second half cash flow is always stronger than first half cash flow. And first half was really impacted by two things; higher receivables, which is really due to stronger organic revenue growth. I would note, by the way, DSO was actually flat. So we're keeping up, but we're not accelerating that, and we have a plan to accelerate and collect receivables much faster. And it was also impacted by incentive compensation payments from a very strong 2021 performance, which is exactly what we had been doing in rewarding our colleagues. And so we're very confident about double-digit free cash flow growth for the full year 2022 and beyond, 2023 and beyond. So we've got a very strong free cash flow outlook, and we're really excited about deploying that organically in M&A and in share repurchase, which is our highest return on capital opportunity across sale.
Christa Davies: We would assume 0 to that line on ongoing basically. What you saw in this quarter was us continuing to manage the portfolio as we do. We continue to invest in higher revenue growth, higher margin, higher return on capital opportunities. And we continue to divest, and this is a small divestment in lower revenue growth, lower margin, lower return on capital opportunities. And so I would continue to model it at 0 going forward.
Christa Davies: Thank you so much for the question. We absolutely agree that we are focused and committed to expanding margins for the full year 2022. We don't give margin guidance right here. We've certainly seen very strong 50 basis points of margin expansion in the first half of the year, and we expect to see full year margin expansion, driven by organic revenue growth; our portfolio mix shift to higher revenue growth, higher-margin areas; and our continued productivity benefits through Aon Business Services, which I mentioned specifically in our prepared remarks. So again, completely committed to full year 2022 margin expansion.
Christa Davies: Yes. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, every 100 basis point increase in interest rates, and this is the short end of the curve, is $60 million top line and bottom line for us. I note that our assets in terms of investments on behalf of plans are about 55% in the U.S. and 45% outside the U.S. Our fiducial investment income for Q2 was $9 million. And so it is increasing as interest rates rise.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much, Greg. And Paul, what I would add is if you go back to 2008 to 2010, that was really the worst economic environment you could design for a company like Aon. It was a global economic recession without inflation and without interest rates, which is pretty unusual. And during 2008 to 2010, Aon grew organically over those two years, our reported revenue grew 6% CAGR over those two years. We expanded margins by 250 basis points, and we grew free cash flow very strongly. And we would say in this environment, there are 3 things that make us stronger than that performance. The first is inflation, which has a positive impact on our revenue, as I described, increasing asset values, employment levels, revenue, et cetera. The second is interest rates, which has a positive impact on fiduciary investment income, as I mentioned, $60 million top line and bottom line for a 100 basis point increase in interest rates. And the third, as Greg highlighted, is our investments -- and Eric highlighted, is our investment in Aon United, which allows us to bring together capability to serve clients who, in times of volatility, need us more, whether that's workforce resilience, pension derisking, supply chain, climate, a number of different areas. So we feel very good about our ability to navigate through, which is why we're reiterating the guidance we have for full year 2022 and beyond, with single-digit organic revenue growth, margin expansion for the full year and double-digit free cash flow growth.
Christa Davies: Absolutely. And look, I'll just say firstly, Greg, our M&A pipeline is really strong. And we are continuing to invest organically and inorganically in areas of great growth and great margin expansion, data analytics with Tyche, digital with CoverWallet, a number of other areas across our business, where we're seeing enormous client need, supply chain, workforce resilience, climate, et cetera. And then I would say we continue to operate in a very disciplined way on return on capital. So as we generate very strong free cash flow for full year 2022, we expect our highest and best use of cash will remain share repurchase because we remain undervalued today. We remain undervalued at our peak pricing of 3 50. And so we continue to invest in share repurchase because it remains the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon. And for us to invest in M&A or organically in any of these very, very attractive opportunities, it has to be share repurchase because that's the bar. But Eric, you are in the middle of a lot of the great investments in our business and including in M&A, maybe you can talk a little bit more about this.
Christa Davies: Sure. So look, what you're seeing, David, is very strong growth across our business, 8% growth in the quarter, 8% growth year-to-date. And we're reiterating guidance of mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth for the full year, exactly the outlook we started the year with. So we continue to see strong areas of demand from clients in the core and in the discretionary areas, really, David, because in times of volatility, a lot of the services we're offering clients are in greater demand. And so whether that's supply chain volatility; whether that's market volatility, which is creating opportunities for pension derisking, attention buyout by end; whether that's workforce resilience with that supply chain, there are so many areas of increased demand from clients in times of disruption.
Christa Davies: Yes. Look, a really important part of our talent strategy is Aon Business Services. As you've heard us say before, it's not just driving efficiency but enabling us to increase growth and scale innovation much faster. And for the power of Aon Business Services will enable to drive efficiency in our core operations, which helps offset the trends we see around wage inflation, enabling us to continue to invest in talent and people, which drive long-term margin expansion. So we're really excited about Aon Business Services, helps us accelerate Aon United.
Christa Davies: Yes. So what I would say is, we haven't disclosed it, but what we have said is, it's come from Q3 into Q2. So it's not material world, but you should see some small amount in Q3 than you would otherwise expect.
Gregory Case: And so maybe if we could take a minute and then Paul will come back to your other question, also equally important, around M&A, what we're up to and how we're thinking about it. We are seeing a revolving market. It's terrific. But maybe it's helpful to start just with you on just overall capital allocation, how we're thinking about it, because there's really opportunity on the M&A front. But elsewhere, and then Eric, some examples that we're seeing and some things we've done recently.
Gregory Case: I think you captured it well. Meyer, just trying to reinforce in every way we can, mid- to single digit or greater in terms of some of the performance for the year and ongoing for lots of different ways and perspectives that we've been able to accomplish that. And you've just seen it. You've seen the performance. You've see by the way, when we think about growth, it's not just top line growth, it's also operating income growth and free cash flow growth, as Christa described as well.
Gregory Case: And when you think about it, Meyer, this is really about -- not in really introducing technology. You're sitting across the label from a client. Again, as I've got, as Eric described, get-goers [ph] around the world and essentially saying, "Hey, we think we can actually help you provide service to them with a really clean, tight interface that does things that help them manage their business on your behalf." We can do it globally. That's just not something that anyone can say. The behind-the-scenes technology is massive. Now behind sees technology and IP, intellectual property is also massive, but you're not having that conversation. The conversation is our colleagues, essentially asking someone who's got a growth business, "Hey, would you like to actually raise growth capital in a way that doesn't dilute your equity ownership?" And so the technology, the content is all behind that and reinforces that. And so the introduction of technology to the clients is really through helping them win in their business. And that's where we found great receptivity.
Gregory Case: Excellent. I love this question, Rob. And we love this category, as we talked about before, so much going on around the global world with Health. And it really does cut across regions beyond just a specific area. But Eric, thoughts on the progression in health.
Gregory Case: Well, the conversation we have with our clients always is about value, the value we provide for them, how we build teams that support them and create. And then having to establish that, they have to understand the value, I appreciate the value. And then we talk about what's fair in the context of sort of how we are compensated for that. So that's been something we always do. Ours is about higher value. We want to bring more incremental value to clients than anyone else in more over time. And in doing so, we have been rewarded for that as it relates to value for clients. And so we continue to do that. And we're having the progression this year, just like we had last year and the years before.
Gregory Case: Thanks very much and just wanted to say to everybody, I appreciate you being part of the call and look forward to our discussion next quarter.
