Gregory C. Case: Yes, I'm happy to do that, Adam. As you would expect, we're going to always protect our clients and this will come out over time and be clearer over time. But this has just been, for us, an extraordinary selling season. We've been very excited about it. We had 3 clients, by the way, last year, at 100,000-plus lives, recognizing one was Aon but 2 others, Sears and Darton, our public information earn-on, went exceptionally well and I feel very good about it. This year, we're going to have a significant number of new clients, very significant, multiples of new participants, new logos. You're also going to see a real mix across industries, as well, as we were going forward looking at. And also, more carriers who are now participating in the overall exchange. So for us, it's just really been a very positive enrollment cycle this time. And we have a pipeline that's actually even more substantial for the coming year. So the investment, from our standpoint, it has really picked up and we're quite excited about it. And the last thing I would just say on this, it's really the employee experience that's really driving this. As we've tracked and watched how employees have engaged in the exchange over the last cycle, it's really been a powerful tool to talk to future companies about -- thinking about this because not only are they able to actually control costs more effectively now and manage their health care cost situation more effectively, they're also able to provide an enhanced experience for their employee, which is obviously quite important as well. So you'll see this evolve over the coming months, but it's just been an exceptionally strong cycle for us and we're quite excited about this.
Gregory C. Case: It really hasn't had that much impact. Overall, if anything, it raises the specter and clients want more insight and advice in terms of, sort of, how to deal with the evolving health care world. As we've said before, the Affordable Care Act, fundamentally, doesn't address employee health and it doesn't address unit cost of health care. And what the exchanges do is give companies the chance to sort of, at least, get a handle on how to think about that more effectively for their company. And so for us, it hasn't had a huge impact. And as I've said before, it had just been a very robust season and we expect it to continue in the next season as well.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, it's going to come in over the long term. But it's just another example of -- one of the things we want to try to do is really try to communicate the opportunities on how to think about this very important choice at the company level and at the employee level, and eHealth helps us do that. And it's a great solution for clients but also for individuals as they think about trying to evaluate a very complex space.
Gregory C. Case: Well, as you -- firstly, you saw, Brian, in the end, I want to emphasize that it is uneven, it has been a challenge. But it really is -- Europe was really -- not Europe but, say, a series of individual countries with individual situations. And we've got very positive, we've got very strong franchises in each of those. As you saw, we had 3% growth on the Retail side in Europe, outside international this quarter as well. And roughly kind of 20% of our revenues, overall, if you think about it, there's obviously upside as the economy strengthens over time. But we've been able to actually weather the storm quite well, and we anticipate, continuing to be able to do it, to the extent it exists and continues. At its core, clients need what we're providing. They need to understand how to measure and mitigate risks. They need to understand how to deal with these important issues around their people on retention -- or on retirements, pensions and health care. So all these issues remain fundamental, and for us, it's -- we believe we've got real growth opportunities that are both domestically and around the globe.
Gregory C. Case: You're absolutely right, and it is. And as you know from us before, we're not going to use that as an excuse. We're going to grow organically irrespective of that. In terms of that, to the extent they become any kind of a tailwind -- and we haven't seen it in a while, obviously, adds substantial positive economic impact on us. But in the meantime, clients have needs, we're going to address them, and we're going to grow organically irrespective of the economic situation.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, both have actually progressed well. The retirement exchange navigators have been in place a little bit longer. Strong programs, series of investments there, really love the platform and really getting strong reception from companies around the world. The newer one, Brian, on the corporate exchange, the first-ever multi-carrier fully insured exchange with 3 companies last cycle. Now we have many, many this cycle, as I've said before. Both going very, very well. And again, we are -- we love the value proposition for companies and for their individual employees. We think it's going to have a lot of power going forward. And we just want to be able to build it in a very incremental, straightforward way that let's us really build a sustainable business long term. And this year has really been a great step forward in that.
Gregory C. Case: Just as you think about sort of the overall business, it's a competitive business and as it continues to evolve, we've experienced some price compression historically. We continue to do that, although that's mitigated quite a bit of late. And that's been a headwind for us as we face 2013 and we think about 2014, offset by the investments we're making to grow in other areas. And that's going to mitigate that over time, but that's been a headwind.
Gregory C. Case: Well, it's pricing, but it's also -- kind of terms conditions, things you're doing, servicing, et cetera, and sort of the common apply [ph]. But overall, it's been a headwind. It's something we're mitigating against and it's, as I said, it has decreased, but it's been a meaningful headwind, which is why I wanted to call it out.
Gregory C. Case: Paul, as we said before, I alluded to it in my comments at the beginning, we look very factually on kind of what's happening on the Retail side in pricing, against what is our GRIP platform, $80 billion of premium. So we're -- this is not concept, this is literally looking exactly what Aon has done and has in place. And there hasn't been that much change since the prior quarter, up slightly but stabilizing. As you highlight on the Reinsurance side, more pressure and it's coming from clients increasing the amount of retention that they keep and also, pressure from outside sources of capital. We see that continuing and absent some significant event, will be a headwind on the Reinsurance side. And that's just how we see it, it will evolve over time. And we're obviously quite active in both marketplaces. But generally, the story on pricing hasn't changed much since the first quarter, it's really continued at the same trends into the second quarter.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, on the point on share, the way we think about the overall market now, we've got a set of platforms that are unique. And we're investing behind those in ways that are actually have never been done before. So we're investing more in content capability on the risk side, both Retail and in Reinsurance. And we're doing the same, obviously, on the Hewitt side in Consulting and in Outsourcing. And we think this gives us a very strong platform to develop clients. You're seeing it in new business generation in Risk, you're seeing it, as well, on the Consulting side now, as you raised. So it's, for us, it's not about just taking share, it's winning for clients everyday, it's doing a very systematic, thoughtful approach. It's creating new demand, as well, helping clients understand issues they might not have seen before and help them to address those productively. So for us, we want to just keep investing behind value propositions that are understandable and valued by clients, things that they will pay for. That will benefit our shareholders, as well as our clients. And doing it in a systematic, thoughtful way. And that's what you're seeing evolve, really, across the businesses, on the Risk side and on the Consulting side.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, we haven't seen that, Josh, at all. In fact, if you step back, as we said before, we've seen now 9 consecutive quarters of net new business growth on the Reinsurance side and really strong, across the board, in traditional, as well as on the cat bond side for many of these clients. So we've seen very, very positive from that standpoint. And I would just say on the transaction you're referring to, pleased with the overall progress, seen positive results for clients. They've shown interest in really 75% to 90% of the situations depending on the line of business. Interestingly enough, by the way, for the -- basically 1 of 3 orders, both existing and new clients, have increased their share in the London market or Lloyd's as a result of this overall joint venture. So it's actually been positive from that standpoint. And I would say quite the contrary to what you're, I think, it sounds like you're picking up -- Steve McGill and team have had very positive conversations with the senior leadership of Lloyd's and many of the syndicates around, frankly, how we can continue to work together to strengthen the value proposition for clients. Because in the end, that's really what this is all about, how do we help clients succeed. And in that regard, I think it will actually be a catalyst to help Lloyd's really meet their Vision 2025 mission, which is a very aspirational set of objectives for Lloyd's overall. So from our standpoint, we see good progress here.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, absolutely. In the end -- by the way, these Reinsurance-buying clients are also the primary clients as well in terms of what we're doing. And overall, we're strengthening relationships across Lloyd's, as well as, which is really the 87 syndicates within Lloyd's.
Gregory C. Case: Well, basically if you think about the overall portfolio of investments that we're making, they're not only in health care exchanges, they're in some real wheelhouses in the investment side of the business and the Retirement side of the business, on investment consulting and other areas. So there's a whole range, there's a whole portfolio of areas that we've invested heavily in that are impacting performance. In 2013, the exchanges, as we said before, are going to be more like 14 and 15 from a bottom line standpoint, closer to 15 but they're certainly going to impact top line overall. And we feel very good about the progress on these investments. And net-net, I would come back to where Christa was, which is if you think about what we committed to as we can here, mid-single-digit growth. And by the way, absorbing all of the investments we described before on the health care exchanges and the investment side, we feel very good about achieving that exact commitment, mid-single-digit growth, and stronger in 2014. So that's the progress.
Gregory C. Case: No, it doesn't change the outlook at all, we're essentially absorbing the outlook. All we want to do is, as we always do, fully transparent, call out sort of the puts and takes. Ben admin has been a headwind. It's diminished, it's mitigating but it's been a headwind, offset by other areas of the business, and by the way, fully absorbing across the business all the investments we're making too. So we are absolutely where we started the year, which is a mid-single-digit growth, and that's what we're going to -- that's where we're going to end up.
Gregory C. Case: But that line of sight that Christa just described was the exact line of sight we described Q4 last year for the year, and that's exactly what's progressed through the first half of this year.
Gregory C. Case: Well, I'll try to answer this and we can come back if I'm missing anything. Back up Aon Benfield, roughly 85% treaty overall, 10% fac, about 5% on the investment banking or the capital market side that you were describing before. And we really -- while you can break it out in these categories, what we're really looking at is how do we help clients improve their capital efficiency? How do we actually help them think about improving return on invested capital and driving value from the standpoint of improved operating performance, a stronger balance sheet or reducing their volatility. That really is the fundamental sort of thesis behind what we do, and we actually bring a range of solutions in each of these categories to actually help clients do that. And in the context of doing that, you can imagine, if you can sit across the table from a client, look them in the eye and tell them you can increase their return on invested capital, the remuneration to Aon Benfield takes care of itself. And that's really, fundamentally, how we built the business. And it turns out, we are in the #1 position in each one of these categories: #1 in treaty, #1 in fac and #1 in capital markets. And just from the standpoint of just the, sort of, the insurance length securities piece, this is something we've been involved in for a long time. Everyone talks about kind of data and analytics and it's kind of the nouveau for most people, it's not for Aon Benfield. We've been doing this for 10 years. We invest over $120 million a year, hard dollars and content capability. And ILS is an example, it's something that's -- we focus on and we do very, very well. If you think about all the transactions since 2010, we've been involved in about almost 50% of them, 47% of them. So 29 transactions, that's 10 more transactions than #2 or #3, who happen to be investment banks. If you think about year-to-date, in 2013, I think we've done 9 deals, which probably it's half of the deals. So this is something that we're very, very involved in. It's still a modest part of overall business, but something that's very, very important in sort of what we do. And we don't think necessarily about the economics one-off. We think about it for a client, when you think about the treaty complement, the ILS complement and the fac complement, how do we improve return on invested capital for them. So for us, it really is a broad-based complement and a suite of capabilities being brought to the table with the horsepower of data and analytics that is very unique in the industry today. So I know that it didn't answer exactly what you asked, but I really want you to understand, philosophically, how we think about the business and why we see the opportunity here so positive over time.
Gregory C. Case: Well, again, we've got the strongest platform of anyone in the world in that category already, and philosophically, what we're essentially saying is, to our clients, "Hey, there are other sources of capital that can actually help you improve your efficiency on your balance sheet." And so we're in an excellent position -- I would argue, the best position, to sort of help clients continue to take advantage of other sources of capital to help them improve their business. So for us, this is not about a diminished opportunity or an increased opportunity, it's about a changing opportunity that we're in a very good position to take advantage of on behalf of our clients.
Gregory C. Case: So we've said before, overall, rates had a modestly positive impact across our overall book, very low-single digits, very low. And roughly the same story as we had in the first quarter, so it's a very modest impact. And substantial impact, as we said before, on the retention, renewal and new business. I mean, the retention rates we've been able to achieve are truly -- they've been extraordinary, record highs and the team's done an exceptionally strong job there, as well as new business generation, with $270 million in new business across the firm in this quarter. Just a very strong performance, up substantially from the same quarter last year. That's really been the driver.
Gregory C. Case: Well, at the end of the day, what we've essentially said is, what we're trying to do with Aon Broking -- GRIP fits into that context, is essentially, it's really about yield on per dollar of premium placed across the system. So as we think about sort of the -- each dollar that we're able to place, what is our remuneration against that. And Aon Broking, in particular, helps us sort of understand the yield across the book and do things that, by the way, help strengthen the value proposition for clients. And in doing so, we get increased yield. That really is the story of GRIP as well, which is really helping carriers match capital with client need very, very effectively around world. And so in essence, that -- when you put all that together, that actually increases yield per dollar of premium placed. So that, really, is how it shows up in the P&L.
Gregory C. Case: I just want to say to everyone, thank you very much for participating, and we look forward to the discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: Yes, there was a onetime item in the quarter and it's also just the timing of our debt in terms of when we brought the new debt on, which happened during the quarter. And so as you sort of, when you get to run rate numbers, it will increase.
Christa Davies: Yes, I mean, the largest area for capital expenditures for us is IT. And if you think about our business, we're increasingly differentiating through data and analytics. Whether that's GRIP on the Retail Brokerage side, it's the incredible series of data and analytics we have in Aon Benfield, where we spend over $100 million a year or it's health care exchanges or pension de-risking or investment consulting. So there's significant investments in data and analytics across all of our businesses. And it's a little bit less than organic growth, is the way we think about CapEx growth.
Christa Davies: It is exactly that, Paul. It's related to improved visibility around the geographic distribution of income and discrete tax adjustments.
Christa Davies: Yes. So in terms of the unfavorable revenue mix shift, it's really about getting revenue growth in areas in which we are investing. And so if you think about the areas in which we're investing, we're investing in BPO through the partnership with OmniPoint. We're investing in health care exchanges, and those are lower-margin businesses right now, which we expect to get to a much higher margin over time. But what you're seeing is substantial revenue growth in lower-margin businesses, hence, the unfavorable revenue mix shift. And then, I think Greg is going to take the second part of your question.
Christa Davies: Yes. So debt-to-capital was actually down slightly. It's 37% at the end of Q2, whereas, it was 37.6% at the end of Q1. And that's really just because debt came down slightly during the quarter. As we think about overall leverage levels, we definitely look at the amount of our unfunded pension liability and leases, to your point on how the credit rating agencies look at this. And we're very comfortable with our leverage levels as they are today.
Christa Davies: We patterned the year that way from the beginning, and the guidance we originally gave in Q4 2012 was that we were going to deliver performance modestly down in the first half and up in the second half, resulting in mid-single-digit operating income growth and a margin expansion for the year. One of the things that's driving the patterning much more towards Q4 for us is health care exchanges, where revenue recognition means that when you place the policy, which really happens all in Q4, you recognize the revenue entirely in Q4. And so we do have sort of revenue patterning and therefore, profitability patterning of that investment towards Q4. We also have savings flowing through throughout the year, and that continued to improve during the course of the year. And we have improvement in our core performance. So as Greg described, we do have some headwinds in benefits administration, which impacted more the first half than the second half. And so that's improving during the course of the year. They're really sort of the 3 big things that leads to patterning in the second half. And all of those things will also lead to improved performance in 2014.
Christa Davies: It is, actually, it's coming in exactly as we thought and I think one of the things we have with our Outsourcing business is very long contract terms. And it allows us to get very good visibility to revenue and therefore, profitability.
Christa Davies: It's that you get a return on the investments and in particular, the revenue shows up in the fourth quarter. And so you could describe it as less expenses, you could also describe it as the revenue or the return of that investment shows up, particularly in health care exchanges, that's really the phenomenon that's occurring. And yes, we're getting reduced expenses through savings improving, so there is some of that going on as well.
Christa Davies: Yes. So we have increased savings by $100 million through the end of 2014. We've increased the total cost by -- and actually, I think what you're seeing is just the timing of the actual cash payout that's changed slightly. So you've seen the cash payout increase slightly in 2013, and it's flowing through future years as well.
Christa Davies: Yes. So this is just -- the cash is just a charge, and the savings are showing up in the P&L. So it's actually sort of slightly -- so you're seeing the restructuring cash is really related to the charge or the expense, and it's not netting the savings here on Page 11.
