Gregory C. Case: Sorry. Apparently, we're having some difficulty on the queues – on the questions. We've got a number in queue. I can assure you we'll take all the time we need today to answer any and all the questions we've got, so be comfortable with that. We'll work out this logistical glitch a bit. And they're coming up in a bit, so just a little patience and we're going to get this moving as soon as we can. So apologies for that. Redial back in, and I think you'll get to the front of the queue.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, Sarah. First, step back, reflect – if you think about brokerage overall, it's consistent with what we're trying to achieve over the course of the year, being able to grow in virtually every environment, and we've been able to do that. And in the fourth quarter, what you're seeing is just at continuation. So for us, it's really nothing new but a continuation of the yield on a lot of the investments we're making in the business and the progress we're making across the business overall. And listen, we saw the new business characteristics in U.S. Retail, for example. These are records – record-on-record, in fact, in terms of sort of what's happened over the course of the last year. So, for us, this is just a continuation in terms of sort of where we are. Across the business, we really like our position now, the way we finish in 2015 and our position in 2016 and the trajectory going into 2016 overall. So for us, what you would read into this is this is just another quarter kind of on a proof point of our underlying capability, and expect continued growth at the same levels going forward and the ability, frankly, to deal with any headwinds that are out there as we've been able to do and move the business forward.
Gregory C. Case: Well first, take a step back over all HR Solutions. Again, we love where we finished on the risk side. We really like where we finished on HR Solutions. And this is a business over the course of the year that produced 10% operating income growth, grew at 4%. We made substantial – and by the way, also achieved record margins. We made substantial investment scenarios like retirement and delegated it across the board, and in our Health Solutions. And again, we look at Health Solutions across the board, really every category in terms of the ability to help clients with this very important challenge they've got around the health side. And we think we've got one of the strongest capabilities here whether it's H&B, whether it's global benefits across the board, and on the exchanges. Retiree, active, employee, self, all across the board. And what we would say, if you think about sort of quarter-over-quarter, first, we would agree the adoption on the health active side across the board, especially the larger end, hasn't been as fast as expected. By the way, especially given some of the results we've seen with existing clients because it's been a bit exceptional. Reduced volatility for them, price reductions year-over-year. 25%, in fact, had price reductions over the last year. So we're very, very positive in terms of the overall impact. The pipeline looks very, very strong. And again, even in the exchange business as it exists, we had double-digit growth and it's profitable. So for us, we love this solution on behalf of clients, but as part of our broader health solution. I would reflect, by the way, in the fourth quarter last year, we had the single largest implementation on the retiree side, sort of in the history of the world and maybe will forever be in the history of the world. And that actually influenced results a bit, too. But we really like the business overall tremendously, and we're really feeling good about our position in HR Solutions.
Gregory C. Case: And so if you step back on the reinsurance side, basically, in terms of where we finish and thinking about going into 2016. Again, this is consistent with the theme across the company. We feel very good about how we finish the year and what it sets to save for in 2016. Obviously, again, looking at in terms of the overall year, we're not happy with the level of growth and reinsurance of negative 1% for the year. But we've said already, we expect reinsurance to return a positive organic growth in 2016. And for us – especially for our reinsurance business maybe more than any other. It's a great example of a business right now as business results don't really reflect the underlying capability and opportunity we see, which is exceptional. I mean, think about it, we're the largest adviser in the world in this area and really, number one in treaty, number one in fact, number one on the alternative capital side, capital markets. 20% of the global book is linked to U.S. property cat and that's wholly commission based. Those rates have come down 15% to 25% over the last 24 months and that's been reflected. Probably those are starting to flatten out a bit; the decrease is not as great. But against that, it's really been the team's ability to continue to win 19 consecutive quarters of wins on treaty reinsurance, which had been exceptional, and really, the ability to create net new demand. And this is really in areas like mortgage overall and what we've done in ReView. So they've been able to offset these headwinds, which are diminishing, those businesses that they've offset whether they're going to continue to grow. And the opportunity going into 2016, we feel very good. And we'd say, by the way, just technically, the 2% in this quarter is on top of a 5% in the Q4 2014, so it was kind of on top of a very strong comparable. So, we feel good about the position, and we love this business. We're very excited about it. So maybe we go back to Christa on the HR Solutions side on sort of the seasonality overall.
Gregory C. Case: This business has done exceptionally well. We love the position overall and it's growing well above double-digits. The fundamental capability we've got and the need clients have around HR transformation and improvement is just exceptional. And the capability we've got on the Workday front in particular is really, really carving out a lot of space there for us. And we're seeing the growth, not only in the HR side, but we're also seeing it as clients think about beyond HR transformation, how it relates to finance transformation. And this combination has just been incredibly positive. By the way, Aon itself has going to do the same thing. We adopted Workday on the HR side. We've now adopted Workday and are implemented on the finance side. And we see the potential, and our clients see it as well. So for us, this has been a very, very strong growth business. We really like the capabilities here and the prospects on behalf of our clients.
Gregory C. Case: Exposures continue to be helpful. And by the way, it is the right question because in the end, a lot's discussed on price. It really is an issue of exposures as much as price. And again, we can clinically look at this with the Risk Insight Platform across our entire book at a very micro level. When you add all that together, price and exposures, they're net-net stable. So, the market roughly is stable. So, a little up, a little down but roughly it's been stable. And I'm really looking at the chart right now across multiple quarters and it's, give or take, stable. The prices have come down a little bit, exposures have come up and we – just how the market overall has performed. From our standpoint, that's right, we don't really look at market conditions as an excuse not to grow or reinforcement to grow. We're going to grow either way, we have proven we can do that. 2015 is another example of that. We'll see it in 2016. And we've more than offset price changes and exposure changes with net new business and net new capabilities we brought to the marketplace, as well as our ability to retain our existing book of business and actually add services on to that. So, for us, overall, it's been market stable. And our ability to deal with it has been quite positive.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, Kai. We actually look at both, and if you look at our history over the last 10 years, we've actually been a little more leaning towards acquisitions when you look at some of the amount of our overall investments versus what the buyback has been over time. And underlying that, if you look back over the last 10 years, our operating income growth year-over-year has been roughly 11%. So, it's something we've really invested in. And invested heavily in organic improvement as well, as I've described before. The level of capabilities that we're investing in for existing clients, new clients and on the data and analytics side is we believe candidly quite unprecedented. If you think about data and analytics, Global Risk Insight Platform to ReView to the Aon Client Treaty now at the endpoint, all the work we've done and delegated exchanges, you get the picture. So, we're very, very much focused on investment back into the business. And M&A plays a big role on that, and will continue to play a big role on that. And we probably – I'm looking at Christa – we'll probably look at more deals this year, situations this year that may be any time at our history measured in the billions. Done fewer of them, because we're always going to be disciplined around return on investment capital. Christa has in place a very, very structured way to think about how we can very meticulously invest our capital to get to the highest return on capital, generate free cash flow and build wealth for our shareholders. And in the context of that, serve clients in a very, very effective way. And that's really the machine we've set up. That's how the engine runs and that's what we've done. So, we're going to continue to look at where the best places to place our capital. And we'll be open to acquisitions as we are, organic investment, buyback, and all of the above. That's really how we're looking at it.
Gregory C. Case: Again we're not going to comment on specific situations or categories. But you can imagine, we're going to do what we need to do to actually support our clients and deliver distinctive value to our clients and do it in a way, again, that returns benefits to our shareholders. So, we're going to look at capabilities across the board. We've partnered with great capability on the wholesale side. We're going to continue to do that and always look at options.
Gregory C. Case: Vinay, really what's been highlighted here is the idea of operational leverage. And a lot of the core organic investments we make in the areas Christa described, same is true, by the way, on the Risk Solutions side, is the reason, again, back to we're very confident, comfortable talking about margin expansion in lower growth environments. By the way, don't take away from that that we're not interested in growing organically. We're absolutely focused on that and that is a high priority, and we'll continue to do that. But our ability to actually produce results in a variety of environments is really a function of our ability to invest heavily back in the business from an organic standpoint.
Gregory C. Case: So the effort on data and analytics has really been multi-year and ongoing. And for us, we believe it's going to be fundamental to what we needed to try to get it accomplished over time, Charles. It really is going to be differentiated in terms of our capability versus the marketplace. And there are many examples. By the way, the risk insight platform efforts really are actually, the work is done directly with the primary insurers serving clients. So it actually touches very much the primary insurance marketplace. But let me give you one example that – I happened to be just in London yesterday with Lloyd's and Lloyd's syndicates. We just launched something called Aon Client Treaty, which is a very – it's basically built on a foundation around data and analytics. So in essence, it will be, when done, the single biggest underlying transaction likely in the history of Lloyd's to-date and it really takes our book that goes into the London market to our global broking center and we actually modeled that book in detail, really bottom up, all different aspects of what's going on. 64,000 policy transactions, 120 different classes of business, 157 countries. You get the idea. We built an incredible data room in which underwriters will come in and actually take a company-level understanding at underwriting and then apply it to portfolio level. And in essence, what we're saying to our client, by the way, on Monday happening at our Property Symposium, I'm talking to clients in our Property Symposium and essentially saying if you're going to use London capacity, you've eliminated your tail risks. So when you actually think about the set of syndicates that are actually going to come to bear on behalf of you, the last three, four, or five actually create risk. We've eliminated that. So we've actually pre-confirmed 20% of that capacity that will follow a lead capacity going into London. That makes that capital we're bringing to bear much, much more competitive. So there's an example of hard clear data and analytics but essentially we've analyzed our book sort of, it happens to be in the London marketplace, but imagine, we can look at this all over the world in which we're actually providing distinctive value, unduplicated value to clients using data and analytics. So, that was a little bit longwinded, but I hope you get the idea that it's a very powerful tool. By the way, in order to do that, you had to be able to analyze all 6,000 clients going into London in a way that, frankly, leverages off our risk insight platform. Never been done before.
Gregory C. Case: Excellent. Well, let me apologize again for the logistics during the Q&A. If anything comes up and you want to ask us, please feel free. We're available at any time. And just appreciate everybody for being on the call today. And look forward to catching up at the end of the first quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So I think the first thing to say, Ryan, is this has – this reclassification has no cash impact on total cash generated or cash paid in previous or future periods. I think the issue you're referring to is actually quite a different issue. The reason we did this was really as a preferable classification and it's consistent with peers. And we feel like it's a much cleaner way to explain our overall cash flow and cash flow growth. The stock compensation expense is stable and has not changed.
Christa Davies: Ryan, we expect 19% to be our underlying operational rate going forward. I think what shows up in any one year is impacted by discrete tax adjustments. They can be positive or negative, and we actually can't forecast them. And the reason our full-year tax rate for 2015 on an adjusted basis was 17.9% was because we had positive discrete tax adjustments. So what we would say is the right underlying rate to model for the company and we use ourselves is 19%, but then discrete tax adjustments can come in positive or negative.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean, it is impossible by nature of those adjustments to predict them because they happened at the time.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I think it's a great question, Dan, because we have had some significant headwinds in the last couple of years, most notably FX, which had a $140 million impact on operating income in calendar year 2015. We would say that we do not need changes in the macro environment to achieve our $2.4 billion in free cash flow in 2017. If you think about the $1.7 billion of free cash flow we delivered in 2015, you can add back the $137 million of cash we spent on litigation in 2015, and then you can add about $100 million of improvement in free cash flow from decreased uses of cash between now and 2017. So you're already up to $2 billion of free cash flow, and then you really need an incremental $400 million from revenue growth and margin expansion and improved working capital. And so we really believe that we have exceptionally strong free cash flow over the coming years and exceptionally strong free cash flow per share as we expect declining share counts between now and 2017, too.
Christa Davies: So let me do sort of just technically how we account for reinsurance because I think that's one of your questions. So we account for revenue and reinsurance over the course of a 12-month period of time. And so therefore, what you're seeing in Q4 is revenue that was placed over the last 12 months. And that's really for our treaty business I'm talking about, which is about 80% to 85% of our total revenue. So 12-month revenue recognition. So what you're seeing in our Q4 results is the last four quarters of revenue. And so it's sort of a lagging indicator because you're getting price over that last 12 months showing up in our current year's results. The facultative and capital markets, they are recognized in the quarter, so that's sort of 15% to 20% of our revenue.
Christa Davies: Sure. So what I would describe, Quentin, is we have an HR business which is very seasonally orientated towards the second half of the year, and in particular towards Q4. As we think about the patenting for HR Solutions in 2016, it will look very similar to 2015 where from an operating income point of view, we are down in the first half, particularly in Q1. We're up in the second half, particularly in Q4. As you think about the overall HR Solutions business, we really have a very significant bias towards Q4 with annual enrollment in our benefits administration business primarily occurring in Q4, and healthcare exchanges primarily occurring in Q4 where you have expenses showing up in Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4 and revenue really coming through in Q4. And so that's why we're primarily a Q4-orientated business in terms of revenue and therefore operating income.
Christa Davies: Yeah. It's a great question, Quentin. So what we would say is strong free cash flow generation, and therefore EBITDA growth allows us to continue to increase leverage in line with the 2 to 2.5 times leverage ratio. So we do see the opportunity for incremental leverage, given the strong free cash flow and EBITDA growth of the company.
Christa Davies: So as we think about the Absence Management business, it's a terrific business, helping businesses really manage their workforce overall. One of the things we would say about that business is given the high demand from corporations to manage their workforce and of the absence of their employees over time, it has significant – very high capital requirement to invest in this business over the coming years. And as we look at our strategy, it's not as core to our strategy as some other areas in which we've been investing. And so as we think about the need to invest capital in this business over the coming years, we do believe that Guardian has a much higher priority in this area and they're going to substantially invest. And so we feel really good about partnering with them to continue to serve our clients in this area. We did not disclose the financials in this business, but you should think about this business as overall in line with our focus on improvement return on capital.
Christa Davies: It is included in our HR Solutions operating income so it is in the operating line. So as we think about this business, there is obviously a gain that shows up in other income, which is quite significant. And then there are transaction costs and severance related to this showing up in the operating income of HR Solutions.
Christa Davies: Hi. We fully expect to grow revenue organically, to continue to expand margins and to grow operating income in HR Solutions as we have in 2015.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I think one of these things that shares with help from taxes is really driven. The amount is the result of employee choice and the market value of the stock, two variables of which we have no control. So, as we think about it, we think that we have very strong free cash flow growth over the next coming years, and therefore, $2.4 billion is the right number. And this particular element we took out really has no impact on cash. And so we think that, therefore, $2.4 billion is the right goal going forward.
Christa Davies: Yeah. It's a great question, and I think it's really about the investments we've made, Vinay, and the areas of growth that we've outlined: delegated investment management, HR BPO and our cloud solutions, and healthcare exchanges. And they are generating great returns on investments, which is how we're able to continue to expand margins and grow operating income at lower levels of organic growth. And so, we will continue to manage the portfolio on a return-on-capital basis. And generating improved cash flow from the investments we've made organically and inorganically in our business.
Christa Davies: No, they have not. So, one of the things that I tried and obviously failed to communicate earlier was this number varies substantially by year. And the amount is a result of employee's choice, growth in net shares and the market value of our stock. Therefore, we have no control over the number. As we think about our free cash flow going forward, there is no change to our view on the underlying free cash flow growth of the firm. We do believe that this amount going forward is somewhere between $0 and $100 million, therefore, we've increased our target by $100 million to $2.4 billion. One of the other things I would make clear is that the $2.4 billion in free cash flow in 2017 is fully deployable cash, because if you look at the $1.7 billion we generated in 2015, we actually returned $1.9 billion of cash to shareholders in 2015. So, we are generating a huge amount of cash, which we can fully deploy on either return to shareholders or, as Greg said, investing back into our business either organically or inorganically in the form of M&A. So we're very excited about the future growth potential of the firm given the huge cash flow generation we're going to produce.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Well, the one other thing that I would say is that we are on a sort of march now to really improve our flow-through of every $1 of revenue through to $1 of free cash flow. And I would say we're on a 10-year journey to get there. I think the overall industry in which we operate has not been particularly focused on free cash flow, and I think it has been a journey for us, which we've been on really for the last, you know, almost five years. And I think as we continue to improve the collection of cash from customers and we continue to manage the payment of cash to suppliers, we believe that we have improvements in cash for at least the next five years to eight years in terms of working capital. And it's structural improvements in the process around which we do this, in the way in which we manage this, in the overall portfolio of business we do. So, I guess, what I would say as you think about Aon, we believe we should be working capital neutral overall and we are far from that today. So, we believe the upside in terms of cash from working capital is substantial over the coming years.
Christa Davies: It's absolutely structural. If you think about today, we are tying up a huge amount of cash, essentially, by not collecting the cash from customers early enough, or by paying suppliers. And so, as we think about return on capital of Aon, we are managing our overall portfolio to improve cash in this area. And we would say, we are making structural process improvements, and have for the last couple of years. You can see it if you look at receivables divided by revenue you can see days sales outstanding improve over time. And the same on the supplier side. And so, whether we're improving invoice velocity or eliminating prepaid expenses, there are a number of structural things we're doing to improve the flow-through of $1 revenue to $1of free cash flow.
