Gregory C. Case: Sure, and that's a great place to start, Dave. For us, we see this as very much a natural progression. And really you go back more than a decade as you think about what we've tried to do, same strategy, same approach, focused on preeminent firm in the world focused on risk, retirement, health, all things around that, talent, capital, the things that come with that, really risk, retirement, and health. You've seen us make substantial investments all along the way, particularly focused around expertise and excellence in advice and solutions. And where we can underpin it by data and analytics, we've doubled down and invested more and more against that. That has served us exceptionally well. And we love that strategy, we continue to double down and invest in that strategy. The addition of Hewitt to the Aon family in 2010 was a great, great catalyst for us that reinforced our efforts around retirement and health among other areas, and we've really incorporated those capabilities and continued to strengthen and build Aon. And all you're seeing today is yet another opportunity to step back and say where is the best place for us to put capital, how can we do it most effectively to reinforce the same strategy, preeminent firm in the world focused on risk, retirement, and health, particularly around advice, solutions, underpinned by data and analytics, and that's exactly what we're able to do today as we announced this divestiture. And what's great about this is we're taking our outsourcing assets, partnering with Blackstone. Our clients are going to be exceptionally well-served with Blackstone and the innovation they can bring to the table. And we are going to then now be able to innovate more and more focused on our core strategy around risk, retirement, and health on the topics of advice, solutions, and data. So for us, this is just a great outcome and represents a continuation of a strategy we've been on for a long time that served us quite well.
Gregory C. Case: We're going to continue again to make investments all along the topics of retirement, health, risk, et cetera. If you think about maybe just the last year, the investments we've made in Admix, Univers, Cammack, Mayfair, all these are areas that really are health-related acquisitions and brought great capability, the investments we've made in delegated. We love this space. It's gone from $10 billion, as I said before, to $90 billion in delegated, so I love the spaces around retirement. You see us investing a lot in data and analytics as it relates to risk, retirement, and health. So for us, Dave, this again is a continuation of the strategy we've been on for a long time, and this gives us the opportunity to allocate even more capital into these areas and really double down on risk, retirement, and health. This is quite consistent if you go back in time and think about what we did when we divested of our insurance underwriting assets and invested it back into the business. Now we've got yet another opportunity. Christa described and I described a real catalyst for us to increase shareholder return as a result of this.
Gregory C. Case: Adam, it's very much going to work like it works today. I mean, think about it, we're going to – just take the exchanges for an example. Just as it is today, we're going to be involved in architecture and design, all the carrier relationships, the plan details that come together, the actuarial work which underpins that, the risk management which is so important and critical for the back-end risk adjustment of that. And our new partner at Blackstone, is going to be helping and supporting around administration and call centers and enrollment flow and all the things that are important to that. And at the front end, this is a place where as we think about innovation, we're going to continue to invest in data and analytics to really innovate on the front end as we think about the architecture and design. So for us, this is a very, very natural progression. And what we're excited about is we're now going to actually to be bringing to a client innovation on both the front end more intensively through us and on the operations side through Blackstone. So we think this is again, as I described, a real win-win-win and lets us really focus on the areas that we have highest interest in, highest return on invested capital, high margin, high growth, and it gives our clients the opportunity to actually benefit from more innovation across the supply chain.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, it really is. That's a great way to describe it. And again, I'd think about it, for those who are more focused and familiar with the risk side of the business, it's not dissimilar to us structuring an incredibly complex transactions for a client on the risk side. And then we partner with insurers, who obviously do the underwriting and the claims, some of the claims processing and pieces around that. So we think this is a very natural progression, and we're very excited about it.
Gregory C. Case: No, this all goes to Blackstone. And it really, again, we wanted to make sure that platform was a very standalone clear platform to serve clients effectively. We believe we've got that accomplished, and we're going to focus on the advice, solutions part of the overall supply chain for our clients.
Gregory C. Case: And the execution parts of this. We're going to be relating to clients on the front end on the overall program and how it would work for them.
Gregory C. Case: Like we've always done, Adam, for us this is about building long-term value, so you will see us invest back into the business in all the ways Christa described, but also around creating efficiencies. And so in the coming months and quarters, you're going to see us take up efforts and initiatives to do that. And again, we have an opportunity now to really streamline the business in ways we haven't done before, very much focused on the areas around advice, solutions, and data and analytics.
Gregory C. Case: We really didn't on that point, Quentin. And we'd step back and say listen, for us it isn't about one specific area, so it's not about an exchange or health and benefits piece, it's about health. As we said before, we love the category. We've got a business, it's a $1.5 billion business that has grown double digits over the last three years with a very, very attractive margin. And we're doubling down and investing in that. Whether it's on the exchange, in H&B, in elective, we love the space and we're going to continue to double down and invest in it. We see a lot of momentum there.
Gregory C. Case: Really for us, we actually feel good about where we finished in the year overall. Sarah, obviously the 6% comp in the prior-year quarter created a little headwind. We don't ever like to use that as an excuse, but the math is the math. But we really feel good about how we finished the quarter and the year. If you look at net new business growth, it's again another record across the firm, with real momentum particularly around what we've done on Aon Client Promise and how that's affected retention rates. So we feel good about it. We would reflect – again, we always want to drive for more growth, and we're working on doing that. But we finished the year at 3% overall and record margin. And so for us, it's pretty good progress.
Gregory C. Case: Kai, for us again, we feel very good about where we are and the momentum we have around risk, retirement, and health, and this will continue to reinforce progress there. So you will see momentum and push against that. And again, we had a record margin as you reflect on the year. So we finished the year at 18.4%, which was again the highest it's ever been, and you're going to see continued progress against that. As Christa described, we literally just divested of a business that was lower growth, lower margin, and lower return on invested capital. So by definition, we're going to get some momentum against that, but that's not as important for us as what we're going to be able to invest now back into the business in the way as Christa described, both in M&A as well as in what we're doing in areas like delegated, like the exchanges, like data and analytics organically, which underpin that. So for us, we believe this is a catalyst for performance, which is what Christa highlighted in her discussion.
Gregory C. Case: If you look back over time, just filling in on what Christa just described, over the last 10 years we've really deployed $18 billion plus just around decisions roughly, which were obviously in dividends, but also the part left over was roughly half in buyback and roughly half in M&A. So for us, it really has been an investment opportunity over time. We have been very, as Christa described, very disciplined about how we've done that. I think Christa – last year we had zero in M&A in 2015, and this year we've got $1 billion in 2016. So if you think about – and now we're going into 2017, so for us this is not about any criteria. This is about straight-up return on investment capital and making sure we're delivering on behalf of our clients in that regard, but also our shareholders. And that's how you'll see us deploy capital going forward, just as we've done in the past.
Gregory C. Case: On the exchanges, again, as I described before, we're retaining the exchanges. We're going to work with Blackstone on the exchanges, but we're retaining the exchanges. So we're doing design, broking, actuarial as those are put into place, and Blackstone will be doing administration delivery against that platform. Again, we think this is going to be a very seamless connection. And the beauty of this is we're going to have more innovation on the topic of exchanges than ever before, us on the front end doing what I just described, Blackstone on the operating back end doing what they described. And it allows us to apply data and analytics more effectively to actually create that innovation. And you can expect Blackstone will be doing the same thing on technology innovation from an operations standpoint. And for us, the net is, as Christa described before, we're in a less capital intensive situation in which we're able to focus on advice and solutions consistent with what our overall strategy is.
Gregory C. Case: These are split. Blackstone owns the processing pieces of this, as I described before. And we own the front-end design, broking, actuarial pieces, as I described before.
Gregory C. Case: We're going to get a commission from that standpoint. And then from the operating side, Blackstone will get the operating revenues from that.
Gregory C. Case: Let me just step back, Charles, because I think you're making some assumptions which actually are not how we saw it at all. In fact, if you step back, we couldn't be actually more excited and pleased with bringing Hewitt into the Aon family. This has always been about building content capability around the topics of risk, retirement, and health. And Hewitt brought such tremendous capability for us on retirement and health. We're sitting today in the strongest position we've ever been in categories we absolutely love. We just delivered record margin against those categories. And now we're in essence in a position where we can continue to grow and reinvest in those areas. So for us, Hewitt was just an incredibly positive catalyzing event for Aon that really reinforced and underpinned our strategy. So we love this. And the outsourcing business from that standpoint was a business that was more capital intensive, was a business that was lower margin, lower return on invested capital, but we continued to invest and build that as well. And now we have an opportunity, as we announced today, to step back and say now that we've achieved that, we can actually now divest that asset and now redeploy back into the areas that we have really been focused on all along. So for us, this is very much a continuation and very much a logical step and a strategy we've had for over a decade, and really reinforce it. And by the way, just as a reference, again if one were doing the math, if you were to go back in 2010 and look at our return on invested capital, and since 2010, our return on invested capital has increased 540 basis points. We feel pretty good about that progress. We can always do better, feel pretty good about that progress, and it's a record now 17.1%. And the day before we announced it to you, I think we're trading at about $38, and last I looked, we were slightly higher than that now. So from a standpoint of how things worked, we feel great about that, not so much from a return standpoint, which by the way, the mechanics were exceptional, just exceptional, but really from a strategic standpoint. And I would urge you not to compare what the acquisition of Hewitt was versus what today is because we didn't keep Hewitt separate. Hewitt was about Aon. It was about strengthening Aon, and it actually accomplished all that frankly and exceeded our expectations.
Gregory C. Case: And what I might add, Ryan, if I could, we didn't see this, you mentioned risk, compensate for risk. We don't see it that way. I just want to emphasize again. We really see this as an opportunity to take another step forward in a journey that we've been on for over a decade. This is exactly consistent with what we continue to do as we allocate capital, reallocate capital, think about our structure, think about performance improvement, all against a strategy around being the preeminent firm focused on risk, retirement, and health in every single way, and using more and more data and analytics, content, insight as a way to drive that strategy. And so for us, this was a natural progression. In fact, the possibility to do it and serve clients well on the outsourcing side for us made it an imperative. This is something we absolutely had to do because we're excited about what it means for Aon. We're excited about what it means for Blackstone, and we're excited about what it means for our clients. So for us, this wasn't about risk. This was a real step forward that strengthens our firm for the long term. And we'd just say, as we started this conversation, we see this as a real catalyst for shareholder value creation for Aon.
Gregory C. Case: Thanks very much, everybody, for joining the call, and we look forward to our discussion next quarter.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: And, Dave, the other thing I would add just to your question on return on capital is it's absolutely driven by our return on capital strategy. This is a lower revenue growth, lower margin business for us. You can see that in the schedule attached to the transaction release, and it will improve the overall return on capital of Aon. We believe Aon post this transaction will be higher revenue growth, higher margin, and a higher return on capital with higher free cash flow growth.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Thanks, Dave. So I think in terms of how you think about modeling this, if you took the 2016 operating income number on a GAAP basis, you'd eliminate $323 million of adjusted operating income and then you'd add back $91 million of corporate allocations and other expenses. So therefore, you'd adjust your 2016 numbers by $414 million on an annual basis, and that's really the base from which you then start to model going forward. So I think that's what you're taking out. In terms of guidance going forward, what we have said is we expect to be accretive to 2018 FactSet analyst estimates of $7.97. And the way in which we would get there is continued operating income growth of the business, continued savings as we bring together the operational model of Aon under Aon United, areas like IT and real estate as you think about Aon much more focused on advice and solutions. As outsourcing business being much more capital intensive, it allows us to actually generate savings there on the operating model side. We will have a lower effective tax rate really as a result of the things we continue to say, lower tax rate, rate reductions in different countries around the world, and overall geographic distribution of income. And in terms of use of proceeds, as we think about the business going forward, we really think about continuing to employ proceeds on a return on capital basis in terms of cash-on-cash returns. As you look, and we would expect that we would deploy the proceeds and our free cash flow growth in a mix of M&A and share repurchase, if you look at 2016, we did about $1 billion of M&A. As we think about the pipeline of M&A, we have fantastic return on capital opportunities there, we'd expect that trend to continue. And we also, as you saw, authorized an increase in our share repurchase program of $5 billion, and we now have $7.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. And share repurchase remains our highest return on capital opportunity across Aon. But we do see terrific opportunities through improved operating income growth, M&A, share repurchase, reduced operating model savings, and a lower effective tax rate to get back to accretive in 2018.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So obviously, we're very pleased with the $2.1 billion in free cash flow for 2016. It was really driven by operating income growth, improvements in working capital, lower pension cash, and lower cash taxes, so we're very pleased with that outcome. And you can see, we expect free cash flow to continue to grow double digits going forward. And so that will be the expectation, as I said, because Aon exiting this business, Aon post this transaction is really a higher revenue growth, higher margin, higher return on capital business, with higher free cash flow growth.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Look, Quentin. As we think about the legislative environment we're in, obviously there's a lot of uncertainty right now. We're certainly monitoring it very closely. At this stage, it's too early to tell as there's little guidance and no draft legislation written on how this would impact financial services, insurance, or insurance brokerage. And so we'll let you know as we learn more.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Sarah, as we think about the starting point, we do believe that the after-tax cash proceeds are expected to be about $3 billion. And as we think about those cash proceeds plus our free cash flow, we have substantial amounts of cash to invest. And we really believe we're going to invest in a mix of M&A and share repurchase. And we're going to allocate that based on return on capital and cash-on-cash returns. And you can see the chart in the release in terms of return on capital how much we've grown, over 540 basis points over the last five years. And so we are divesting a lower revenue growth, lower margin business, and therefore you can expect return on capital to continue to increase. And we haven't given specific guidance around overall mix of allocating the cash because we continue to optimize it on a return-on-capital basis.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So as we think about the tax rate going forward, we are not giving future guidance. As we said, we're monitoring the legislative environment very closely, and we'll continue to update you as we learn more.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: It's certainly a higher-tax business because it's mostly a U.S.-based business. And so as you look at the gross proceeds, you can see the tax rate applicable is very high because it's mostly a U.S.-based business.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So, Kai, buyback, as I said earlier, is still the highest return on capital opportunity across the company, and that's why you saw the increased $5 billion authorization of buyback this morning. And so we have $7.7 billion of buyback authorization remaining. And what we see in the M&A pipeline is some terrific high return on capital opportunities. And we will be generating tremendous free cash flow growth over the coming years and we've got proceeds from the transaction, so we expect to be investing in both.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: We haven't given guidance on that. What we've said about free cash flow is we expect free cash flow to grow double digits going forward.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: It's going to happen over time, Jay, so it would happen in many years from now. And so we really think about that being based on performance. And so we give you guidance over the coming years as the performance gets delivered.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: We do not intend to do that. We do believe that the growth in operating income, the additional operating income that we will add from M&A will be terrific. And as I said, our debt to EBITDA on a GAAP basis was 2.5 times at year end 2016. And while we'll be slightly elevated post this transaction, we expect to return to 2.5 levels in 2018.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: It would theoretically be incremental cash over time. And given it's performance-based, as I mentioned earlier, we would give you an update on the timing and amount of that based on performance in the coming years.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: It's fairly similar. The way I would describe it is it was a lower revenue growth, lower margin, more capital intensive business, but it was not more volatile.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes, I think that, and then there was CapEx of about $80 million. And so as you think about that, you're starting with slightly higher basis and then double-digit cash flow growth from there I think is the right way to think about it.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: I would separate out the transaction from the operating rate. And I did say again for 2016, the right underlying operating rate for Aon was about 19%, and it has remained that way for several years. And so that's been the operating rate for the last couple of years. The transaction is a one-time item and would not flow through the adjusted EPS and effective tax rate.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So, Ryan, what we've said is we're going to be accretive to the FactSet $7.97. We haven't given more guidance than that. And what I would say is it is a combination of proceeds and return on those proceeds from the transaction, continued organic revenue growth and margin expansion in our businesses, savings as we bring together the operational model, particularly in IT and real estate, and a reduction in tax rate. So they're the component pieces that get you there.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Ryan, one of the things we're extremely proud of is in 2016, our risk business, we delivered 3% organic revenue growth overall and record margins of 24.5%. And one of the things that we've mentioned many times is, because of the investments we made over the last several years in data and analytics, we can drive margin expansion quite substantially at lower levels of growth. It's certainly not our aspiration. Our aspiration is to grow higher than we are today. But we are getting return on those investments in data and analytics, and that is driving more than half of the margin expansion you've seen in each of the last three years. And so we're very confident about continued margin expansion in our risk business.
