Christa Davies: So, Adam, I would say healthcare exchanges, we made a modest loss in 2014 as you know. We'll continue to make progress in 2015, and I would describe it as an immaterial impact. We're really focused on our HR Solutions business and growing overall revenue growth as Greg described as mid single-digit revenue growth and continuing to grow operating income, and that's really the overall focus. And you should see the margin expansion towards 22% [ph] over time.
Christa Davies: Absolutely, Adam. So we have invested significantly in workday capability in our BPO business and it is driving substantial growth as you described. We brought the largest implementation firm in the U.S., in 2012, OmniPoint. And we just closed the acquisition Cloud, which is the largest implementation firm across Europe. And we're very excited about the growth prospects of that business and how it enables us to deliver that capability plans.
Christa Davies: Yes. I think the way we will describe the capability for larger than more sophisticated clients is it's a Software as a Service application as opposed to an on-premises application, and really the Software as a Service application enables clients to have much greater functionality. It's much lower cost. It's much easier to scale globally. And so, clients wanted to be more efficient and provide much greater analytics around the HR function.
Christa Davies: Yes, really because of a lot of moves we've made, Sarah, over the last five to seven years; we have frozen the plans, we've closed them, we decreased the benefits, and we continue to de-risk certain plan assets. And so that means that the cash contributions are really much more stable and on a path of decline, then they would otherwise be if we hadn't taken those steps. The other thing I would say, which I mentioned earlier is there is an overfunded asset in other assets of approximately 900 million, and if you add that to the minus 2.1 unfunded liability, you get a net of 1.2 billion, which is fairly sort of similar to last year of about 1.05 billion.
Christa Davies: Yes, I mean I would say we had growth across the outsourcing business brand. We had growth in BPO. We had growth in our traditional benefits administration business and we had growth in healthcare exchanges. And I don't want to over rotate on healthcare exchanges. I think while it's an incredible business for us and we're incredibly proud of the progress we made this year. We've also had great performance at our benefits administration and our BPO business. We don't actually break them out, Brian, but while the healthcare exchange growth year-over-year is also the highest it's the smallest of those three businesses too. So -- they're all growing to get to that total outsourcing growth number.
Christa Davies: I would actually say the BPO contribution to overall outsourcing growth for the year was modest. And I would say -- but it came from all over, Brian, it came from BPO, it came from Ben admin, and it came from healthcare centers.
Christa Davies: What I did say Ryan was that we expect revenue growth of mid single-digits for the HR Solutions business in 2015. We expect operating income to continue to grow so we expect growth in operating income and growth in margins in 2015. And we expect to pattern very similar to 2014; with operating income down in Q1 flat to modestly up in Q2 and Q3 and substantially up in Q4 which is our seasonally strongest quarter.
Christa Davies: Yes, I mean the way we think about capital allocation Ryan is really around return on capital on a cash on cash basis. And we did deploy substantial amount $2.25 billion of into share repurchase because we believe was substantially undervalued today as we look at our own discounted cash flow view of the firm. And that's why are deploying much more capital on share purchase versus dividends. And so that's the way -- you should think about that forward. As we think at the total amount of capital we might -- deploy our return to shareholders in 2015 if we looked at the 2014 -- if you looked at free cash flow growth of -- 1.4 billion and in 2014 we'll continue to grow free cash flow in 2015. As free cash flow grows there is opportunity for incremental leverage. And maybe unproductive capital and then that results in the cash that we can return to shareholders and continue to look at that on a return on capital basis to the highest return n capital opportunities.
Christa Davies: Jay, we think the 18.9% tax rate for 2014 is the right operational rate going forward. What we would say is that as you think about the cash flow growth over time the cash tax is likely to be lower in 2015 because there are often timing differences between the effective tax rate saw in 2014 and cash taxes.
Christa Davies: Yes, and Mike we did say on pension expense. Pension expense was a modest benefit in 2014 and we expect it to be a modest benefit in 2015 again. And absolutely right market is due to the fact that we've taken substantial actions over multiple years. We froze the plans, we close them, we've de-risked the certain plan assets over time as you described, and all those things have led to lower cash contributions and sustained and pension expense being a modest benefit again in '15.
Christa Davies: Yes, and so, Mike, the way we think about it is return on capital unsurprisingly, and really when we made the initial investment in exchanges both in active in retiree we thought about our return on capital basis cash-on-cash. And you're absolutely right process; the investments are substantial in both operating expense people as well as the technology platform. And we are still investing as you know because we made a lot of an exchange in 2014. And what I would say is we do expect the return on capital of our investment to be substantially superior to the rest of our business which is why we invested so much in that area. And so we do expect it to have higher than average returns because -- the fixed cost are largely fixed and as we continue to get scale we'll get disproportionate returns on those incremental lives and clients.
Christa Davies: Yes, and Mike, you are absolutely right about that, because we also achieved margin expansion and operating income growth in '14, which we did in HR Solutions. We are continuing to invest and make lots in exchanges. Then you are absolutely right, the rest of the business is expanding margins and growing operating income growth substantially. So that is absolutely true. And then we would say as we look at exchanges, it is a long-term investment or a long-term return, and we would expect that to happen over a multi-year period of time.
Christa Davies: Yes. So you are absolutely are, Charles, we spent about 500 million on acquisitions in 2014. We invested in a number of geographies, the U.S., the U.K., the Pacific region and a number of specific capability areas, National Flood Services and LARK [ph] employee benefits being two great ones. The majority of these acquisitions were in our Risk Solution business. The thing I would say is as you look at the mix on M&A, it's mix of acquisitions and divestitures, because there were some divestitures during the year too as we continue to optimize our portfolio around return on capital. And what I would say is these are terrific capabilities. They are unbelievable teams. They really place the teams in the capability sub front and they will generate great returns in the long-term.
Christa Davies: So that what a legacy litigation of liability we incurred as part of 2005, and a decision was made in the court against the expense incurred.
Christa Davies: I mean it's really flowing through net income, but it's hitting operating income, as I've described. It's basically $31 million lower in operating income and Risk Solutions is the way you should think about it. But I would say that if you listened to what we said, we said it's going to be the same FX impact overall in operating income and EPS impact in full year '15 as we saw in full year '14. And against that headwind in 2014, we grew EPS 17%. And so we feel really good about our ability to grow earnings substantially in '15 and grow cash flow substantially in '15, despite the headwinds.
Greg Case: Adam, it's actually been quite strong. If you think about what our clients are going through right now with the regulatory changes and challenges and general state of pensions on the world today, you can imagine it's a very substantial area of concern and interest for clients. And so as such we've been fortunate we've led a number of the situations that have actually been completely in the last 18 months, and we are continuing to do that. And really this is one of the contributor that drives overall consulting business that has actually progressed very, very well as you've seen in the results.
Greg Case: Right. So top line, we're very comfortable and confident we're going to continue the low to mid single-digit growth in 2015. If you step back and think about it, with the insight platform, the global risk insight platform, we capture exactly what happens across our book. And what you've actually seen is a reduction in price as you described, offset by a modest improvement or increase in exposure, that's roughly flat overall. That's what we've seen. We think it will trend toward that. And with more pressure on the reinsurance side, that's offset quite substantially by efforts we've undertaken in the business to grow the business, both fundamentally with Aon Client Promise, but also with the investments we're making in data and analytics. And you are actually seeing that show through in almost every situation. Our new business is literally a record level of new business in the U.S. Never been achieved before and actually it patterns us very well for 2015, and really is a reflection of the underlying investments that the team has made over the last number of years in the business. So we're very, very comfortable. If you think about sort of progress over the last number of years, there's always been some version of a headwind out there and there will be in 2015, but we're quite confident we can move through that and grow the business and improve margin.
Greg Case: Well, David, if you step back and think about, first, fundamentally there continues to be exceptional demand out there to improve fundamental insurers' performance. That's what the reinsurance world is all about, perhaps to be a tremendous amount of capital chasing that. And that's what's been discussed and talked about with more capital of 575 billion underpinning the industry right now. That's the greatest level that it's ever been with more set up on the horizon. Having said that, when you think about the product; it's become less expensive, we are seeing actually insurers point different ways to buy increasing amounts; that's one piece. The second piece is if you think about Aon Benfield's level of investment and content capability over the last number of years, it's been expensive. And with that, we are actually bringing capital to different solutions. So what we did in the mortgage industry is an area of growth. What we've done in the life world is another area of growth, and essentially if you think about Aon Benfield, we believe it's the best in the world with matching capital with fundamental demand around risk in different categories around the world. And what you're seeing is a bit of reflection of that. I would say, again, back on the new business front, it's one of the strongest quarters in years we've had. It's been a long, long time, our new business generation. And we're just doing more to the existing clients we have as well. So from our standpoint, our capability and financial strength to invest behind this business and data and analytics fundamentally we believe will frankly separate us from what others can do in the space, and we think clients value that and are going to utilize and put their benefit and pay for.
Greg Case: Dave, it really reflects overall -- first of all, the team just did a phenomenal job in 2014. Again, we got 1.2 million enrolled. I want to emphasize enrolled lives on our exchanges versus eligible, as you think about it. When you consider, it's really -- for us as we've seen from a cost standpoint at 200 to 500 basis point change against a comparable plan design; that's our 2.6 versus the industry's 5.8. By the way, that's against a fully insured answer. That means volatility is next to zero versus a much more expensive and much more volatile answer. So you can imagine that's one of the reasons, that plus by the way, 87% individual employee satisfaction is one of the reasons why we've had a 100% retention on the exchange, and why as other companies look at it, they're seeing a highly viable option for them. So we've had very robust and active set of conversations with the pipeline. We're excited about the continued progress of this aspect of what we do in health, we do a lot of other things too with this aspect; and we are looking forward to 2015 and 2016 as we continue to expand exchanges.
Greg Case: Brian, revenue -- I had said it in substantial number of conversations and dialogs, we feel very good about the pipeline and the progress we're making. As we've described, the outcome for the last few years where clients have been on -- it's just been exceptionally strong as I mentioned before to one of the other questions. Literally, we're seeing cost savings -- truly bending the curve the cost curve here. That's a level of 200 to 500 basis points which is exceptional and then when you combine that with the idea that this is not just reduction but it's also in price, but a reduction of volatility and so these are fully insured outcomes with clients set our individual employee sat at 87% plus that's been very, very strong. In assets we got three years with the data that we're looking to on behalf of clients and so you could imagine against that backdrop the interest is actually quite strong.
Greg Case: You captured it very well. Obviously the capital markets transactions are achieved in both -- in capital markets also in fact another just had an exceptionally strong quarter that was a big piece of it. But I also want to emphasize the new business story here is exceptionally strong. It's one of the business strongest new business generation periods ramp until history of 5 consecutive quarters of new business generation. But we ended the year with a lot of momentum in that category. So it was really a combination but certainly reflects the lumpiness as you described on capital markets.
Greg Case: Of course I do -- exactly the same way we looked at the other organic investment substantial across the firm, and what we've done in data and analytics across the insights platform is the exact same approach. Ultimately, we are making use of assets because they -- we believe we will serve clients fundamentally better. That absolutely has to be in place. And that certainly is in place for the exchanges but they also have to give us greater operating leverage. And so we're essentially investing cash flow back into the business to create greater operating leverage and that's in fact what the exchanges are doing -- that's what data analytics has done. That's the risk insight platform is doing. That's what U.S. is going to do, et cetera, et cetera. So that's the philosophy; everything you see us do sort of follows that same track.
Greg Case: And again, if I could I would broaden this is as a broader firm; if you think back philosophically to the question earlier on the call, which is, "Can we grow in 2015 and gets more headwinds?" Answer is we've grown every year and increased profitability and increased margin, and invested heavily in the business. And part of the reason we're confident in our continued progress against whatever headwinds are out there are these specific types of investments, because as they come online and create operating leverage for us, that's really what's going to fuel bottom line. By the way if the headwinds went away, that would be magnified, but irrespective of the headwinds, these investments, in exchanges, in risk insight platform, in ReView, in additional data and analytics, in the Singapore Innovation Center, in the Irish Innovation Center; these types of things give us operating leverage we believe is unique to the industry.
Greg Case: Great. So, literally as were talking about, we were talking about the total set of companies online and what we see coming in, and in two-year average for the company, so I think we're little bit apples and oranges. What I was trying to do is give you the latest and greatest hot off the presses, what exactly is going on in the market and what we are seeing. I guess the overall market trend and what we are seeing; and so that's the 200 to 500 basis points. You still come back and essentially say, you're getting fundamental cost save in a substantial way; again, 200, 300, 400, 500 basis points cost save and no volatility, because it's fully insured versus self-insured, plus the client sat that I described before, that could be employee sat. So from our standpoint we feel very, very good about and we are trying to give the latest and greatest sort of what's going on in the market.
Greg Case: A lot of these are tuck-in acquisitions that are impacting the overall business. You're going to start to see them in top line. You will also see them with existing business we've got, magnifying and expand that business. So it will be a combination of both. The investments of 500 million or so investments in '14, you're going to certainly see in '15. A lot of it depends on timing when they come in. You are going to see us still continuing to make in the order of 200, 300, $400 million of acquisitions per year, where we can build content capability, and we've been doing that quite well.
Greg Case: Yes, what I would, it wasn't really broad-based consulting. In essence, what the team is doing is really a step-forward is they brought very, very unique data and analytics capability to bear on behalf of our insurance clients, much likely we've done with insights platform. And they not only brought what's called ReView. They not only brought that to bear. They also offered around that some wide space services to actually not only help and provide new insights, because essentially we're matching capital with client need, and they are doing that for at the reinsurance level now. But in addition to this, the fundamental raw analytics, they're also bringing an element around advice. And a number of clients have really valued that. And so that's an added component. Our view is data is interesting; a lot of people have it, we happen to have a tremendous amount, but data is basically work loss and that's what actually changes client behavior. That client behavior has got to drive performance and things like operating performance, balance sheet strengthening and reduction of volatility, and the way to help clients do that is to add some components around advice to it. So that's really the nuance that we wanted to try to convey.
Greg Case: It is going to be -- its part of what we are doing in terms of something we bring to bear on behalf of our reinsurance clients. So in that regard, it is capability that we are continuing to develop. It's actually gone through a tremendous start with lots of interest in demand in the marketplace. And so you will see it's part of our overall Aon Benfield offering.
Greg Case: Well, we haven't disclosed that, but if you take a step back and think about the capability of Aon Benfield, we spent over a 100 million in year in content, data and analytics with literally -- it's better part of 400 to 500 colleagues involved and dedicated to that. Again, back to the idea of how we create operating leverage in the business. This is just one more important, albeit, one more important step as we continue to build up that capability.
Greg Case: We don't really break that out as we said before; it's a tremendously positive business for our clients and for us. We lead the market in it. It is something that we've built over the last number of years, it's exceptional strong and particularly lumpy, sort of up and down across the quarters and it was quite strong in the quarter.
Greg Case: In many respects FX has come up quite naturally two times on the call, it is a headwind as Christa described we will work through it and have it very, very effectively just like pricing was the headwind just like in interest rates or headwind et cetera; all these things are out there. Our ability to grow top line and improve margin in the phase of that, we believe is pretty proven and with the organic investments we've made or increased operating leverage, we think bodes very well for 2015.
Greg Case: I just want say thanks to everybody for joining the call, and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you, I guess one question that i had was on the pension expense and the impact of lower interest rate I saw in your presentation that you have the cash proceeds to pension declining, and so just trying to reconcile that I'm guessing there is some risking -- continuity risking activities that you undertook in the year to maybe offset some of the impacts of that but love to get more color. Thanks.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then if I could just one on the exchanges is it possible now I mean we're couple of years in to the cycle and probably have better handle on -- the economics in the build out of the platform, is it possible to get an idea of how you think about the operating leverage that you get from 8customer being a traditional benefit customer versus on exchange -- how do you think about the return how do you think about the -- the drivers of whether its contribution margin or operating margin obviously there's a lot of expenses still so you've -- that net margin number probably still looks similar to the other business. But just trying to get an idea of underneath once you've factored out the platform investments how shall we think of how're they thinking about the one versus the other and the operating leverage of one versus the other? Thanks.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. When we think about timing, if we were to quarantine the revenues and expansions from exchanges and put those aside, because you're basically flat, it sound like. Then the margins on the rest of the business are expanding more than the segment, margins would indicate. And then at some point that investment that you are making is going to result in margins as well. So just trying to think about, like, what's the timing of that, and when -- because once we switch flips I mean that we should start to see that in margins…
