Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Jimmy. As you know, we don't give guidance on the tax rate going forward. But if I look back historically, exclusive of the impact of discrete items, which can be positive or negative in any quarter, our historical underlying rate has been 18% for the last five years.
Christa Davies: Jimmy, we feel really confident about our overall capital structure for the company. We're domiciled in Ireland, we run a global capital pool, and we run a global cash pulling structure, and that gives us enormous flexibility as we think about any future legislation.
Christa Davies: Yes. So what we would say is, as we roll through, we really saw the pickup in fiduciary investment income in Q3 last year. So you'll see the upside in Q2 and then less as we move through the rest of the year. I would note, as you think about our overall fiduciary balances, we have, on average, $6.5 billion of fiduciary investment -- of fiduciary assets. And every 100 basis point increase in the short end of the interest rate curve is $65 million, top line and bottom line. You should think about those fiduciary assets, Jimmy, as split roughly 50-50 between the U.S. and international.
Christa Davies: I mean, the CapEx that I mentioned, the $200 million to $225 million, Andrew, I would say, is primarily focused on IT investments to drive long-term growth. So whether that's scale investments in our platforms to help clients innovate or whether that's in security and infrastructure to keep our clients better protected and the firm better protected, and so we're investing a lot in our Aon Business Services platform, better connectivity, better data analytics, better insight. And it's really helping our clients deliver great value to our clients -- our colleagues deliver great value to our clients.
Christa Davies: Yes. Thanks for the question. We have a fantastic M&A pipeline, and it is focused on our highest growth, highest margin, highest return on capital opportunities. And it reflects the areas we continue to invest in, areas of content and capability that we can scale across the firm. In areas like data analytics, you saw us do Tyche and ERM last year in that data analytic intensive area, areas like health and wellness and human capital, areas like our core risk offerings and helping our clients be able to model and manage risk better. And so we've got lots of areas of great opportunity around the globe, and we're really excited about it.
Christa Davies: So what I would tell you is, if you look at that other general expense, which is up 20%, that is primarily driven by T&E. And the thing I would note is you're comparing it against Q1 2022, which was an unusually low year in terms of -- usually a low quarter in terms of T&E, because of COVID.
Christa Davies: It's exactly the same as always. So what we would say is we grow margins each and every year. And our margin expansion for the last 12 years has been 1,120 basis points or approximately 90 basis points a year. And that 90 basis points a year over the last 12 years has been a gross margin expansion higher than that, and then it nets to 90 basis points, net of the investments we're making in long-term growth. So that is consistent with the way we drive margins each and every year.
Christa Davies: Yes. So the real estate is up 4%. It's reflecting back to office, in fact, reflecting the investments we made in smart working, as you said. Last year was impacted by FX. But look, I would put this in the context, Weston, of we're going to grow margins each and every year. And as I mentioned, that margin expansion over the last 12 years has been 90 basis points a year. And that margin expansion reflects a gross margin expansion much higher than 90 basis points, offset by investments in the business. And then again, on the CapEx point, we've guided to CapEx for the full year of $200 million to $225 million for the full year. That includes the CapEx investments in IT, in long-term growth and in real estate, in our smart working initiatives. And you should expect CapEx to grow each and every year in line with overall expense growth.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Elyse. And look, we do think about margins over the course of each year. And as you said, we've driven 1,120 basis points over the last 12 years or 90 basis points a year. And that 90 basis points a year is reflecting a gross margin expansion much higher, net of investments we make in the business each and every year. And we do -- we did see in Q1, 70 basis points of margin expansion, with 80 basis points of favourable impact from fiduciary investment income, Elyse, just as you said, offset by investments in the business, including in our people, technology and an ongoing headwind from resumption of T&E, all of which we manage in a disciplined way based on ROIC. And we think about margins balancing a number of factors, revenue growth, underlying expense growth, investment in our team, T&E and then the puts and takes around fiduciary investment income and FX. And we look at them all together and over the course of a full year and expect to drive margin expansion over the full quarter 2023.
Christa Davies: Yes, it's simply about the performance fee. As you know, Elyse, performance fees are lumpy as we communicated.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, David. I would say, we expect $200 million to $225 million for 2023. And then it's reasonable to think going forward, 2024 and beyond, that CapEx will grow in line with expenses. So you're absolutely right that 2020 and 2021 will lower, really just because of the COVID situation. And as we return to more normalized levels of CapEx, 2023 is a right normalized level to start with and then grow from there based on overall expense growth.
Christa Davies: Yes. Look, thank you for the question. And what we would say is we're incredibly excited about Aon Business Services as a core part of Aon business strategy. It's bringing together the firm in one organization led by Mindy Simon, our fantastic COO, and bringing together an organization to drive efficiency, to drive improved service and quality and to drive innovation at scale. Because a lot of the investments we're making, David, you saw in these IT platforms and security and infrastructure, are helping us scale insights and data analytics to clients to actually deliver impact.  And so we're really excited about the potential to drive productivity and margin expansion from ABS, but equally to drive improved service and quality to clients and to allow us to accelerate innovation in one area of the business across all of our countries and all of our clients immediately. And so it's proven to be an amazing competitive advantage for us over the next many years.
Christa Davies: The thing I would say, Meyer, is you're observing lumpiness in expenses in any one quarter, and we really think about margin expansion over the course of a full year. And we commit to drive margin expansion in 2023 and every year after that. And we think about margins over the course of the full year. And we're balancing a number of factors, including investments in people, T&E and IT as well as the impacts of FX and fiduciary investment income, all with the overall goal of delivering adjusted margin expansion net of sustainable investment and long-term growth. And that's exactly what's happening in Q1 and will happen for the rest of 2023.
Christa Davies: Michael, we don't give margin expansion guidance for the full year. What we can say is over the last 12 years, we've driven 1,120 basis points of margin expansion or approximately 90 basis points per year. It is -- we expect to drive margin expansion each and every year. It's not neatly 90 basis points per year because it's lumpy. And it really what it is. It's us driving gross margin expansion net of investments. And the amount we invest every year is dependent upon our opportunities for long-term growth. I would say, specifically on your T&E point, T&E was a bigger headwind this quarter because Q1 '22 had a very low T&E expense, given what was going on with COVID.
Christa Davies: Well, sorry, Josh, we closed Tyche in Q1. And so you will see Tyche growth included in organic growth from Q2 onwards. It will be under, as Eric said, our strategy and technology group with be advisory part of reinsurance.
Christa Davies: Great question, Josh. And so what we would say is, look, we wouldn't overly read into any one quarter. It's lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And what we would say is, think about margin expansion for the full year, which is driven by a lot of things. It's been driven by our investment in people and technology to drive long-term growth, offset by some investments in T&E, a headwind from FX. There's a lot of things going into this charge. But really, that's why we come back to margin expansion for the full year 2023, similar to the margin expansion we've driven over the last 12 years of 1,120 basis points or approximately 90 basis points a year.
Eric Andersen: No, Greg, I think you covered it well. I think it's still foundationally very strong. The work that we're doing for our clients today on the commercial risk side with all that's happening in the market, whether it's risk analytics, captives, the broad suite of capabilities we can help them with as they're navigating the market dynamics, are still very strong. And so pretty positive on it.
Eric Andersen: I would say the first quarter last year was a very strong quarter for commercial risk. The Transaction Solutions business, I think, as Greg said, great capability subject to, obviously, some outside market dynamics that -- but we feel really strongly about that team. And when that comes back, certainly holding that skill set for us is such a great value driver for clients that we're excited about it.
Eric Andersen: Yes, the minor point I would say, Greg, is that it's a global answer. We're seeing growth in the U.K., in particular, especially around the guaranteed minimum pension piece, but also in North America and in Europe. And so the retirement side of Wealth has been very strong for us and really like -- and you called out the investment consulting, investment advisory business. So the challenges there will lap eventually, but you've described it right.
Eric Andersen: Yes, Greg, thanks. Look, I would say, Elyse, that reinsurance has been a strength-to-strength story for us over the last couple of years. It was a 7% growth in Q1 '22. And honestly, the work that's been done was nothing short of spectacular around the 1/1 renewals. We had double-digit growth, in fact, double-digit growth in our STG Advisory business, significant new wins in Treaty. We feel really good about the performance of the team year-to-date. And looking forward, the work that the team is doing with their insurer clients and others is in demand, right?  What the carriers are trying to do to manage their own portfolios as they navigate this marketplace has really -- our team is providing real value to them as they think through that. So really proud of the work that, that team has done, not only this quarter but over the last several years, and the future looks bright for it.
Eric Andersen: Sure. I would say, our health business had a very solid first quarter. The Consumer Solutions part of that was up 9%. Core health and benefits was up significantly. Global Benefits, Human Capital double-digit, both in the analytics and the advisory and data solution spaces. So really solid start for the year for them with a strong pipeline as they go through the rest of the year.
Eric Andersen: Yes. I would maybe offer two examples. One is around wellness and the human capital business that historically would have been considered discretionary. You can't have a conversation today with a Chief People Officer who is thinking about health overall, including wellness as people think about return to work, how they engage their own colleagues. And so that is becoming more of a blended discussion than ever before. And the other piece, I think, Greg, that jumps out is the risk analytics and the advisory work around the commercial risk business that you would have historically said would have been more discretionary in nature. Today, as the clients are thinking through how they navigate this challenging market, whether it's captives, whether it's risk studies, trying to understand their total cost of risk and how they can actually manage the process better. Those skills that we're able to bring to clients are in significant demand and feel more a part of the process going forward than maybe on a project-by-project basis, just to give you two examples.
Eric Andersen: I would look at it as an asset under management discussion in terms of the volatility of the market. And so as that comes back around, you'll begin to see more of a stable platform on that. But that's what drove it in the second quarter.
Eric Andersen: Yes. Maybe just to go a little bit on it. Certainly, the CPI lending piece is what we have been talking about the most that's probably the most advanced in terms of the valuation process. But you've also got M&A due diligence around IP. You've got traditional IP liability where a corporate is not actually trying to lend against it but want us to protect it.  But to make all that happen, you need a couple of things, right, which is what we've been building over the last period of time. You need the valuation, right? How do you actually value IP, both in an upmarket and a stressed market? How do you liquidate it? How do you get insurer partners to devote capital to it to understand the risk themselves, to trust the valuation process, to understand how you would liquidate an example?  So there's a whole ecosystem that we've been building that we are very optimistic about. And as Greg said, we've been building it a little bit each time. And the team is focused or connected in with our commercial risk partners as they build market. They're connected into understanding how to get it in front of clients and build the financial institution relationships. So there's a lot to it that has been happening for us. And we're excited about the future of it and started to see a little bit of progress last year.
Eric Andersen: Why don't I take a crack at it? Listen, we -- the reinsurance business is kind of almost a tale of two halves. Certainly, the first half is much more dominated by Treaty business. Think about that through the first half of this year as always. Still some good facultative business. And obviously, with the acquisition of Tyche, the ability to do those advisory services throughout the year.  The second half is much more weighted to capital market transactions, i.e., cat bonds as well as facultative reinsurance and then some casualty reinsurance that tends to go through the year as well. But if you're trying to think through the weighting of the year, property cat, which is what a lot of people focus on, is largely done by the end of June, if that helps.
Eric Andersen: So the acquisition around Tyche was much more advisory services, less property cat, but more pricing support and data and analytics support for those clients. A lot of the activity in the second half of last year was driven by FAC and cat bonds. So I would say that's how I would think about it.
