Greg Case: I'm happy to do that Keith. Let me -- I'll start with a little bit of context around the quarter, then, Christa, maybe, you could just drive in, give us specifics. First of all, overall, as we said, Keith, we're driving toward a commitment around a 25% margin with a detailed game plan in place to do that. That's fully on track. Everything is moving as expected. Q2, from our view, actually did nothing to change the view on that. I can see where you're coming from, as you look at the results. But as we look at behind the results and the overall game plan, as Christa described, 5 very specific elements are going to drive progress there and get us to that 25% margin. Three are in our control around restructuring, revenue engine, Aon Broking, those are progressing very, very well. We saw great progress in the quarter. Two outside of our control in interest rates in pricing and GDP growth. And we said all along, by the way, in addition to getting the 25% margin, we are going to simultaneously invest heavily in the business, which we continue to do in multiple places. That means, we're going to have, really from our standpoint, look at this year-to-year not quarter-to-quarter. And if you look at it year-to-year, as you know well, our record reflects reasonable progress. When you think about 2005 to 2010, we've increased margin 530 basis points, give or take. That's roughly a little over 100 basis points a year from 15.1 to 20.4, while simultaneously making all the investments that we've described before back into the business, fighting the headwind on pricing and rates and the economy, et cetera. So from our standpoint, we actually feel good, very good, about being on track for the 25%. Literally, nothing has changed in our mind in the context of that. And maybe Christa could describe, kind of, the quarter specifically. But overall, we feel very good about it. And importantly, to your question, really implied what's around do we have economic leverage to a changing economy? And we absolutely believe we do that, and again, nothing in the quarter in our mind changed that. But, Christa, maybe you can talk specifically about the quarter.
Greg Case: Yes, happy to do that, Keith. As we thought about literally, again, investing in the business and building our business for the long term, we've invested in content and capability. As we've done that, we want to make absolutely certain we do it in the context of being to drive margin improvement. And we've got a pretty good record of being able to do that. All I was reflecting is Aon Benfield has done exactly that. We knew we'd have growth pressure for the first couple of years. As we put the businesses together, we had some of that. But if you think about the economics of what's been returned of synergy savings, establishing the platform, within the context of that, that is done exceptionally well. In fact, beyond what we could have even hoped as we actually began the transaction. And now as we look to kind of where we are now, what we're essentially seeing is the 3 book grew in this quarter plus 2% as I described before. The win-loss ratio, as we've tracked them, is improving. We feel very, very good about that in the context of sort of growing the business overall. And so from our standpoint, as we reflect on it, all the economic returns have been there exactly as we'd hoped, in fact, better. And the underlying growth characteristic, as we reflect on this quarter and think about the second half of the year, feel very, very good about it. So from our standpoint, that was really what I was trying to reflect in my overall statement. And we see some upside as we think about sort of what's happening in the second half of the year and as things improve on the pricing front in the overall economy. So from our standpoint, we see the growth in the second half, and we know the underlying economic leverage we've got in the business.
Greg Case: Yes, and as we've done historically, Keith, we talk about overall Brokerage margin. And as you can reflect, the Brokerage margin has increased in the margins 100 basis points a year for each of the last 5 years, including the last 2 years when we've included Aon Benfield in the context of it. So overall, Brokerage margin, again, back to kind of the forced march that we've been for the last 5 years irrespective of the economic external situation, internal situation, insurance pricing, our Brokerage margin has increased about 100 basis points a year including, including Benfield and all the characteristics and challenges you're having to bring businesses together. So we feel very good about the progress on our Brokerage margin. And again what creates some lumpiness is we're continuing to make significant investments, and that causes kind of the quarter-to-quarter lumpiness. And that's the trade-off we're always going to make, but it should not, in any way, shape or form, take away from what we believe is happening with our underlying Brokerage margin, which continues to go up. And we anticipate it will do to achieve the 25% target, which again, as I said before, we're completely on track to do. And we feel like we're about there from the standpoint on the normalized as you described, standpoint from the organic growth standpoint.
Greg Case: We're going to keep reporting what we always report, which is overall margin Brokerage margin, which, as I said before, is up.
Greg Case: Yes, I think from our standpoint, the thing that we want to continue to push on is organic growth. And while we saw a 3% organic on the retail side, we're going to keep pushing for more than that. It's been a number of quarters now. We're, kind of, in that category. But given the investments we really believe that, as Christa described, into 2012, we're going to see great leverage in the context of that. And then on the Benfield front, just as Keith highlighted, listen, we want to grow that business and drive that business. Obviously, our business is much larger than some of our counterparts, which reflects sort of changes when you think -- compared to the organic growth of the 2 businesses. But we saw a positive treaty growth in this quarter, which we now -- it's the first time since back in 2009, we feel good about that. But organic growth is something we're always going to drive and focus on. And then again on the Hewitt front, again, we're kind of flat in organic across the 2. As we think about the second half for Aon Hewitt, on the consulting side, we were plus 4% in the first quarter, flat in the second quarter, kind of 2% year-to-date. Our expectations are we're probably about that for the second half on the consulting side and a little better on the Outsourcing side. So we feel confident about growing organically for 2011, which is a step. But if there's one area that we really want continue to drive forward on, it really is going to be on the gross side. Everything else is exactly on track with what we'd hoped to do.
Greg Case: Yes. As I said before, literally, from a consulting standpoint, we really say, if you look at the first 6 months, we are plus 4% in the first quarter, 0 in the second quarter on the Consulting Services side. And what you really saw there, by the way, was exceptional growth on the global compensation business and on the investment consulting business, and it was offset by a decline and some pressure really across the U.S. on both the retirement side and the U.S. health and benefit side. From our standpoint, you asked us to think about the year. First half, first 6 months was about 2%. We kind of think the second half is going to be roughly in the same place. We're going to keep pushing and driving towards that. We have the strongest, we believe, an exceptionally strong platform in the context of what's going on on the Consulting Services side. And when you put in context with Health Care Reform and all the other things that are out there, we believe when clients think about their issues day-to-day on pensions, retirement, health and benefits, talent, those needs are going to go up, not down. And we've got the strongest platform in the world to serve those needs. So we feel very, very good about how we're positioned in the healthcare front, on the consulting front, both Brokerage and in admin and then on the Outsourcing side. So from our standpoint, the story here is not different than it is in risk. We feel like the issues today are more significant for our clients than before, and we feel like we've got exceptionally strong platforms to address those issues.
Greg Case: And even in the context of Aon Benfield, when we think what we do for clients, it really is about capital solutions. So whether it's treaty, facultative solutions or capital market solutions, we're really bringing to them an integrated view around how to improve their return on invested capital. That's actually served us exceptionally well. That's why the win rates are, as I described before, are improving and we expect will continue to do so. And so we really think about it in a much more integrated way, as Christa described.
Greg Case: Yes, I would say there really isn't when you think about sort of what we're trying to do overall with the overall business. And these are very separate cases and separate situations. In the case of Andrew, he's done great contributions at our firm, a lot of great things, and he's decided to move on to do something different. Mutual discussion and it has gone very, very well and excited for Andrew and his new role and what he's trying to do. I'm very supportive. In the case of Elliott and even on the at construction side, we've made some calls to grow our business and build our business long term. And as you think about sort of what we're trying to do to unite our global firm and deliver great value to our clients in a very local way, we've got to have our colleagues around the table doing that effectively, and we made some calls. We made some very specific calls around the folks who can help us do that. And to the extent people couldn't, then we made some specific calls around, it was time for them to do something different. We wish him well, but not part of global Aon. And beauty of it is we're quite confident in the teams we've got. We're very excited about how they've come on board and what they're doing to build our business. These are colleagues who have been with us for a long time with a great bench. And you didn't mention the construction side, but that's equally high-profile. Kevin White and team there are just doing an exceptional job of building that business. We're very excited about what's going on in the construction front and continue to make substantial in essence [ph] in the context of that. And we've also, on the facultative side, done exactly the same thing. We're just exceptionally excited about that. And then on the consulting side, I would say Kristi Savacool and Bal Dail have just -- are doing an exceptional job as we build that business and drive it forward. And really the punchline is we're blessed with a great bench. We're also focused on a mission to build our firm going forward and we're going to have the people around the table who can help us do that and only those folks.
Greg Case: It's another example of, Brian, around we do a number of things like that, particularly that, investments in the Risk Insight Platform, a few other places that we don't breakout and will, from quarter-to-quarter, have significant impact. We'll absorb that and move forward as we build margins over the course of each year.
Greg Case: Yes. You know Brian, I think from a talent standpoint, this is something we live everyday. And in fact as we reflect on it, it's something that I think it's going to become even more and more prevalent as you think about Aon. We have worked hard to try to build our capability globally. And in doing so, have worked really hard to create great opportunities for our individual practitioners, our leaders. We really want to be the place that if you want to be a practitioner in either risk or people, you come to Aon, and whether Aon Risk Solutions, Aon Benfield or Aon Hewitt. And we want to keep pushing on that mission. We want to work to improve our capability here. We think we've done that. We know we've got a long way to go. We're going to keep on investing in it. It also means we're going to be an absolute target for talent around the world. We know that, which is why we've got to keep the bar high. But it's -- one of the things that's remarkable about the firm is as we bring people in, it builds the talent pool, but we've got incredible capability around the firm with a very, very deep bench. and we're quite excited about where we are right now from a talent standpoint. And we believe that's going to serve us quite well as we continue to grow the business. Is the competition higher or lower? I don't now. It's always going to be out there. It's as if when people talk about, what's the competition on the client side? It's always high. That's the world we live in, and we're excited to be part of it.
Greg Case: Yes, this is really more, Matt, about, as we described before, on the overall Aon Broking front and what we're trying to accomplish in the context of sort of how we serve our clients and looking for ways to aggregate risk, bring things together and really put together a better and better world-class programs in the context of how we serve clients. And this is just, again, back to kind of the investments we're making in the business that do impact quarter-to-quarter margin as we talked about before, but we believe actually reinforce our capability to deliver substantial growth and margin improvement for the long term. This is just one of those examples. That's in development. And, again, as we said before, on a lot of the Aon brokering initiatives we see real impact in more 2012, 2013, but we believe we've got an incredible opportunity here. When you think about our position, the middle market and small commercial, it is literally the biggest in the world today. Our Affinity business is a $600 million-plus business, so incredibly strong business. We have a proven model that we know works as we aggregate risk and actually pull together a package of opportunities we can deliver back to clients. And so we see absolutely substantial opportunity to do this across our global book. And we've really never pursued this in a way we talked about before, nor could we have until we brought online all the things we're doing around Aon Broking. So it really is just an evolution of what's happened out of GRIP, and what's happened as we think about ways to serve clients. And it's going to be '12 and '13, but I'm glad you raised it because we believe it's a -- we believe this is going to be a substantial step forward in the context of Aon Broking to the betterment of our clients and to the betterment of our shareholders.
Greg Case: Yes, I think there will be definitely both sides. This, for us, though, as much as anything, Matt, it's about really how we grow the business and build the business, because we're going to -- we will in fact be generating more attractive opportunities for clients. And in addition to that, so literally, that's the gross of the equation, in addition to that, we're going to be generating greater yields. So if you think about the things we do to grow our business, we get more clients, we do more stuff with the existing clients, and we increase yield per dollar of premium placed. And this really is going to help us, we believe, get more clients and, we believe, increase yield per dollar of premium placed. Those 2 things we think, from the combination, will have very positive implications on the growth structure of the firm and on the margin of the firm, both.
Greg Case: It's exactly right. And in fact, as we described before, we've gone through a progression. First, we realized if we capture the data and the understanding, even though it was an incredibly substantial investment to do that, again, think about it, we really are asking our broker colleagues to enter data around the world, so they'd give us the basis of GRIP, and then investing literally in -- in Ireland, 100-plus colleagues actually scrubbed the data to make sure it's absolutely pristine, so we can actually use it to serve clients. Then you -- that's got to get us into 2011. We're really starting to see some benefit there. And beyond that, you add these programs on top of that, which is the next natural evolution. That will increase yield. And again, just for reference, if you're talking about $40 billion to $50 billion of flow, 10 basis points of yield, 50 basis points of yield matters a lot in the context of being able to actually to drive that. And we're going to start to see that in 2012, 2013 as we continue to evolve this whole idea of Aon Broking and serving clients in the context of that.  So we see it meaningfully impacting in 2012, 2013. And again, I'm glad you raised it. It's another example as to why as we watch this evolve, we have basically, what we would call, proved the concept. We know it works. We've done it in different places. We proved it. And now, literally, it's about scaling the concept, taking that proven concept and driving it around the world. And that's really what 2012, 2013 is about. And that's why we're pretty excited about this.
Greg Case: And just generally, overall though, if you think about sort of the specifics, obviously we, like everyone, want this to get resolved in a reasonable way for our clients because, while Christa's highlighted it very, very well, I think specifically what the macro impacts are, things that impact our clients impact us ultimately. So it's obviously we want to get this resolved.
Greg Case: Well, first and foremost, as we think about sort of how we compete in the marketplace and what we're trying to do, everything we sort of step back and do is really around driving value for our clients, period. And as we think about approaching the market, that literally is all the investments we're making. If you think about the formidable investments we've made. It really is around driving greater value for clients. And that's something clients improve operating performance, strengthen balance, reduce volatility. Nothing actually stands in the way of how Aon is maniacally focused on doing that. And we're going to continue to do that. So that drives everything we do. In the context of that, the decision really was around how we can actually help clients and really make sure that their business is actually handled in a way that's consistent. And the difficulty as you are handing off to multiple wholesalers, there's often variability in actually how that happens over time. It's variability in the context of how you think about it inside the U.S., it's variability when you think about it when you actually transferred over to the U.K. So for us, as we reflected on how to do that and we talked to clients, we want to be extremely consistent in how we actually handle that.  By the way, that includes building the capability in-house, so we're actually not handing it off to a third party who then handles our clients. That actually concerns us a great deal, and that's why we made the initial decision to actually reduce the panel and focus it much more on how we serve clients effectively. Then I would say in terms of the overall process, this is a process that really has been handled incredibly pristinely. We handled it much like we do any major decision that affects our clients or it affects our shareholders, a completely independent process. It's very objective, specific set of criteria. In fact probably even more so, overdid the process. It took us 6 months to make the overall decision. We are confident we made a decision that we think will help our clients long term. And it's selection of going from really was down -- 9 down to 2 to serve our clients effectively, and in the end, feel very, very good about the overall process and how it's been implemented so far.
Greg Case: No closing remarks, just thanks, everybody, for taking part in the call today. We appreciate it, and we appreciate your interest. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: Sure. First, we think about the resolution's margins, Keith, 21% versus 19.6%. There are really 3 items, we believe, that sort of either onetime or macro-related that impacted margin. 90 basis points for lease termination, 30 basis points for investment income and 20 basis points for FX. That's 140 basis points, essentially flat year-over-year, excluding onetime and macro-related items. And then if we think about sort of operating leverage going forward, which is really the heart of your question, I think there are sort of 3 things we would say that drive operating leverage going forward. One is the initiative we have around, sort of, revenue engine, improved productivity and expense management, essentially blocking and tackling. The second is really the return of the higher margin initiative we have around GRIP. And we've really said that they're going to flow through 2011, '12 and '13, and we certainly see those coming through. And the last one is really sort of leverage around exposure growth and pricing. We absolutely see positive leverage as we look out.
Christa Davies: So as we think about cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet, $815 million, you think about that splitting roughly half-half between the U.S. and international. And then you think about the uses of cash we have, Michael, which we have some substantial uses of cash this year, pension contributions, dividends. And so we're reflecting those in the comments where we really said that we think buyback for the second half of the year will look more like Q4 2010 levels as we determine the location of cash and the other uses of cash.
Christa Davies: The first thing, I mean, to say on the lease termination, particularly the U.K. one this quarter, it's a very positive -- it's positive for cash flow, it's positive for GAAP results. It just happens to be an impact in terms of our adjusted results because of the way you -- reverse the restructuring charge and then flow the operating lease expense back through our adjusted results. So it is absolutely the right decision to be making for shareholders. As you think about adjusted margins in the second half of the year, I did say that we would not see lease termination impact in the second of the year. We do believe we're now at the end of this.
Christa Davies: Look, we really think about that business as a Risk Solutions business, Aon Benfield plus ARS combined, and that's certainly the way we report it. And as Greg said, you can see margin year-over-year continues to expand and we do not break those businesses apart.
Christa Davies: Got it. There was no FX impact on margin in the HR Solutions segment. The impact on EPS you saw, as I mentioned, was primarily the $0.03 impact for the adjustment results was primarily due to the euro and Australian dollar. The impact on the Risk Solutions margin was really primarily due to the pound, U.S. dollar, and there's no impact to the HR Solutions margin.
Christa Davies: It had a minor impact on margins but not a material impact, Brian. I mean, obviously as we're bringing Glenrand in it, it's significant acquisitions. As Greg said, it really does position us as the number one broker across the continent of Africa, one of the key areas sort of growing in the global economy and very, very important for our clients.
Christa Davies: Yes, we absolutely are. So if you saw in the quarter, we believe we're 100% on track to achieve the $242 million for 2011 and the $355 million for 2013. And you saw $43 million of restructuring, plus other synergy and operational improvements come through in Q1 and you saw that number grow to $59 million in Q2. So if you add those 2 numbers together, you can see that we're well on track to achieve $242 million.
Christa Davies: So one of the great things about our Outsource business with 5- to 7-year average contract length in the BPO space and 3- to 4-year in the benefits administration space is we have a terrific view of the pipeline over the next several years. And we feel very good about the trajectory, not just in terms of revenue growth long term, but in terms of win rates. And across our Outsourcing business, our win rates are very high, and it frankly improved substantially from 2010 to 2011, a great tribute to the amazing leadership and depths of talent in that Outsourcing business. So we feel very good about the trajectory both in terms of revenue growth and margin expansion in our Outsourcing business.
Christa Davies: Right. So as we think about the impact of the economy and sort of a fragile economy on the Outsourcing business, project revenues is one of the big impacts in calendar year 2011 and it was in calendar year 2010. I would note that we have largely sort of lapped the big sort of year-over-year impact of that now in Q2. And so while there's kind of minimal impact to the second half of the year, it really is much, much more than what we've seen in the first half of the year. As we think about, sort of, project revenue, it's really related often to M&A activity, changes in benefits plans as a result of U.S. Health Care Reform. So you can see some real opportunities as you look out, sort of, 12, 24 to 36 months, that to grow over time.
Christa Davies: So first of all, you're absolutely looking at it correctly. So year-to-date, margins are down, there's no doubt that. We think about it as a full calendar year, sort of, view of the world. And as we look out, we feel confident that we're on track. And so we just don't think about any quarter-to-quarter sort of impacts because there are a lot of things in our business that are lumpy. And as Greg described, we are making investments in our business that are going to generate long-term returns. And we're very confident that we're on track to 25%.
Christa Davies: Yes. So the first thing I'd say is obviously there's a lot of implications potentially to the economy of that, which are very difficult to speculate upon. So if I leave that aside, then I think there are 2 potential impacts of a U.S., sort of, debt situation. One is FX. And obviously, if the U.S. dollar were to sort of decline in value relative to the euro, Aussie and New Zealand and Canadian dollars then that is a positive impact in our business as we bring back revenue and expenses from those countries. And then -- so that's the FX impact. And the second one is interest rates. If interest rates were to rise, then it has 2 positive impacts on our business. The first one is on fiduciary funds. And each 100-basis point rise in interest rate is about $35 million to $40 million straight to the top line and bottom line. And the second impact on our business is unfunded pension liability. Obviously, an increase in interest rates would decrease our unfunded pension liability, which is again, good for us. The last thing I would say is we are in a very strong position in terms of balance sheet and financial flexibility. And so there are absolutely no issues in terms of liquidity.
Christa Davies: So I'm talking about the underlying effective tax rate on operations. What we reported in Q2 is essentially after specific adjustments, Jay. So as you think about your model, it's really the tax rate for the full year on an underlying basis for 2011 and going forward.
