Christa Davies: So Elyse we don’t give guidance on share repurchase, but what we can say is, as you mentioned, cash flow in the second half of the year is our seasonally strongest cash flow generating two quarters, Q3 and Q4. We've been very clear that we have the opportunity for additional debt of $1.5 billion in the second half of the year, and therefore we have substantial cash to invest back into the firm whether that organic investment M&A or share repurchase, I would note that we do allocate cash based on return on capital, cash on cash returns, and buyback remains our highest return on capital opportunity. Even at today's prices, it is a fantastic return on capital for shareholders, and on that basis we expect to do substantial repurchases in the second half of the year.
Christa Davies: Sure. So, regarding the $350 million to $400 million of additional charges in Q3, they're really related to the transaction costs, and compensation expenses, as well as a small number of expenses related to further steps in our Aon United operating model. I would say these charges are really related to the cost of terminating though the combination as part of a clean break with Willis Towers Watson. Then in terms of the outstanding work our colleagues have done over the past 16 months, we've taken steps to ensure that our colleagues share in the growth potential of the firm going forward and that includes those who have previously offered retention bonuses in connection with combination. So with that I'll hand to Eric to talk for retention overall at Aon.
Christa Davies: Suneet, we absolutely believe in double-digit free cash flow growth over the long term, and we're incredibly excited about the growth potential in terms of revenues, margins and the free cash flow over the long term, so nothing strange there.
Christa Davies: No, nothing. We would say look, you should really look at free cash flow growth over the course of the year, and we will absolutely grow free cash flow during 2021, and I would just say quarter-to-quarter there have been lumpy things. We're very excited about the free cash flow growth year-to-date at 13%.
Christa Davies: And maybe I might just add and say look, we are incredibly excited about the cash flow growth potential of the firm, both in the second half of the year and going forward. And then obviously our ability to grow debt as EBITDA grows, we've got an enormous amount of cash to invest, and we will invest organically, inorganically with M&A and in buyback on a return on capital basis. And as I mentioned, we've actually got a number of priority areas for reinvestment really focused on meeting on that, it's the clients, addressing the volatility like cyber, helping clients build a resilient workforce, rethinking access to capital and innovative new areas like intellectual property and addressing the underserved through our investments like CoverWallet. So we've got an exciting array of investments that we are continuing to invest in, and so we're really excited about the growth potential going forward.
Christa Davies: So it is the new basis, and we should expect extensively consistent with this pattern going forward. And so really, what I would say is, it's reflecting changes from a COVID impacted 2020 expense base. So 2020 was the unusual pattern and Greg, and 2021 we're repatterning to get back to our normal expense planning. So this is the correct performance across the year going forward.
Christa Davies: Yes. So firstly, we expect very strong cash flow in the second half. And yes, it excludes the, we expect the termination expenses to be adjusted out of Q3. Having said that, we do expect free cash flow to be strong for the full year and we're extremely excited, obviously, about the 13% growth in free cash flow year-to -date. In terms of your question around CapEx, we would say that CapEx should increase modestly year-over-year, driven by investments in technology to drive long term growth. And I would say look going forward, we expect free cash flow to grow double digits over the long-term, religion by three key things, growth in operating income, declining uses of cash, and improvements in working capital. And so we're really excited about the growth in free cash flow long-term, as well as our ability to add debt as EBITDA continues to grow. So a substantial amount of cash to invest back in Aon.
Christa Davies: The only think I would add Meyer is, there is still some macroeconomic uncertainty and there are still some areas of our business like travel events that haven't fully come back. And so, we will navigate through this, and still deliver phenomenal financial results for the year, mid single digit or greater in 2021 and going forward.
Christa Davies: Yes, and maybe on the margin point, I guess what I would say is, we can grow margins in any operating environment. You saw last year, when we produced 1% organic revenue growth, we expanded margins. And because of the investments we've made in Aon Business Services, really bringing together all of our operating sort of infrastructure in one place, centers of excellence, all the people and capabilities in one place, we're able to drive productivity benefits each year at scale. And so, we'll continue to drive margin expansion for the foreseeable future, building on the 890 basis points, the margin expansion, we drove for [indiscernible] points a year, over the each year. And so we expect to drive margin expansion in 2021 and each year thereafter, regardless of growth.
Christa Davies: Yes, so really the point I think I was making Phil was, in Q2 we did see greater underlying margin expansion, excluding the repatterning of expenses, because growth outpaced our ability to invest in that growth and a lot of the investments, what we did invest in people and operations and technologies to drive our business, some of that was not fully incurred in Q2. So it's really a statement about Q2 specifically Phil. And really what I would say is, what you said is exactly right. Over the long-term growth and expenses to drive that growth will be aligned.
Christa Davies: Yes. So the revenue Brian in 2020 for the retire exchange was $176 million? It is predominantly Q4 businesses, you know well.
Eric Andersen: Sure, thanks Christa. And I would just say Elyse we continue to attract great people in all the key strategic areas for growth and expertise that Christa outlined in her remarks. We don't really pay too much attention to the headlines or the commentators that talk about talent, and certainly reject the premise of disruption that we've been hearing. Look, we have a great team and I'll just give you a couple of facts. Voluntary attrition continues to be excellent for us. We just did a poll survey in June and ended up with top quartile engagement scores for our colleagues. You know these trends, I think are the result of all the flexibility and connectivity and the support we've been giving to our colleagues over the last six months, not just with the Willis Towers Watson combination, but also with the pandemic. And so we feel really good about the team that we have. The bench, the development of all of our talent, and that we're really well positioned going forward. Maybe the other thing just I would add a thought on top of that, you think about it as a colleague, you're sitting across the table from clients listening to their challenges, their opportunities, where would you want to be? The firm with the capability we have, here and now what we can do, also a greater level of spend and investment and innovation with anyone in the world, and it's just been a great story that's evolved and the pandemic as I have tried to highlight in the opening comments just amplifies the importance of this around the need for innovation, planning, intellectual property, cyber, et cetera. So all these things come together to make the value proposition quite unique, but really I just want to call out our colleagues have been just magnificent over the last 16 months in every way shape or form in terms of how they've not only managed through all the different pieces around integration, but also what they've done for clients, it's just been extraordinary to see and that's showing up in multiple ways.
Eric Andersen: Yes, sure. Listen, I think there's a couple things to point out. One is, we had double digit growth in commercial risk in each of our geographies around the world, so it was really a great quarter all the way around, really strong rollover, really strong retention, which really sets you up in the future for continued growth, and it was a couple things right. The core PNC business performed really well, so really pleased about that everywhere, but also the discretionary work that Greg and Christa had talked about, whether it was transaction liability, cyber, construction other project type work, all of which were performing very well, equally across the world. So we had a really solid performance everywhere and we're really excited about it obviously.
Eric Andersen: Yes, sure. It's always a great question because people always wonder why the direct carrier sort of per unit price doesn't show up and translate across to the intermediaries on the risk side. And listen, I would just say clients, clients make choices when prices move up or down, right and one of the things that we do with them and I think I've mentioned this in the past, we first help them to do identify the risks that they have, and then try and manage them without the use of risk transfer. And then as prices go up, clients finance more of it themselves if they can handle it. And then ultimately when you get to the risk transfer part of where they decide to trade the risk, they make choices there too. The amount of insurance that they buy, the coinsurance, deductibles, things they try and manage. For them the budget that they have to spend on topics like risk transfer. So it's never a direct line from what a carrier publishes as rate to what a client actually does for the risk that they're trying to transfer. And so all those areas that we're talking about, clients have a real heightened focus on during a time when pricing is increasing and they get very specific around how they try and manage it themselves or finance it themselves before they try and risk transfer it into the market.
Eric Andersen: So listen, clients certainly don't want after three years of a rising market to pay more for a similar risk, but ultimately I think what they've done is they've continued to just get more sophisticated. I think we've been able to help them with our data and analytics and insight to be able to make better choices around how they handle the risks.
Eric Andersen: Yes, sure Greg, maybe I'll talk a little bit about the integration planning process and how we're using that work to help propel us forward post this event. Maybe to go back a little bit, we went into the, certainly the pandemic into the Willis Towers Watson combination, in a great place. We were very strong going in, both operationally and with revenue growth. And when we started the integration management effort, we were essentially able to maintain the client momentum and continue to work on our strategy. During the last 16 months of planning, the teams really perfected our Aon operating model, the delivering Aon United Strategy, as well as our go-to-market, how do we actually pull all these teams together for the benefit of our clients. All that's going to be incorporated going forward, which will continue to build the momentum. So, I think while we came into this process in a strong position. I think we're actually coming out of it in an even stronger position.
Eric Andersen: Yes, you just gave a great overview of it Greg, but if you think about intellectual property and the new skills required there, and if you think about the new risk areas, about renewable energy, about climate modeling capabilities that we need, you mentioned cyber, and certainly in our human capital business, trying to invest in how we do ESG at scale for clients. So there's a whole lot happening on the ground. As Christa said that is supporting the growth that we're seeing, and recognizing that we need to keep investing to make sure we keep growing.
Eric Andersen: Yes, Greg, I think there's two buckets, right. I think on the revenue synergies, you're talking about the client value creation model that we've been working on, otherwise are delivering Aon United Strategy, about how you bring the firm together. We're talking about how we're perfecting it. That was done in the context of the integration management planning. But also on the expense side, certainly real estate strategy, technology strategy, all the areas that you would think, having a fresh look with teams that were built specifically to try and challenge the status quo and really pressure test, how can we do it better, how can we do it more efficiently? How do we leverage our Aon Business Services model in a way that we had really started during pre Willis Towers Watson combination to really accelerate how we actually use that capability. I wouldn't necessarily call that last one new. I would just call it expanding what we've been building and really getting it embedded across the firm and across the world.
Greg Case: Yes and Suneet, perhaps you come back to what Christa gave out just a bit ago on Elyse's question, we have -- we just got an enormously positive performance, and that's super carried through over the last 16 months that's showing up in what really is the focal point for Aon which is translating revenue into free cash flow and that ability to grow free cash flow. And with that cash really comes how we invest it and it truly comes back to return on invested capital. So we're always going to take steps that actually maximize return on invested capital with the cash on cash return, and we look to opportunities or we have tremendous organic opportunities inorganic opportunities in all shapes and sizes, and very much looking forward to sort of driving shareholder value, applying the cash in the appropriate way and we'll continue to look for all means to do that.
Greg Case: Greg, I appreciate the question and the thought, terrific. Listen, as we think about the growth profile, we keep coming back to this idea of the commitment around mid-single-digit or greater for the rest of the -- for the year and for 2022 and beyond. I think about it, we did four to five solution lines and we were meeting that standard in the first half and we got great trajectory. No doubt there's variants that are within the solution lines. I highlighted in data analytic services. Look our travel business is still under a tremendous amount of pressure as you would expect, but still our colleagues are fighting through that, finding opportunities, finding ways to connect with clients and you're seeing that. So for us we feel good about mid-single-digit or greater. We've made that commitment before, and there was really no snap back. As I said before the ability to connect with clients and drive growth has sustained throughout the pandemic and certainly sustained and probably even amplified into 2021. So, that's why we feel quite strong about the outlook.
Greg Case: That is correct. This is Greg. As Christa highlighted very well, when you think about this over the course of a year, and what we're trying to do now within quarters, exceptional performance that continues to improve.
Greg Case: Yes, so again, David, I just want to give you a sense of sort of what our history has been over the last 16 months to your questions. And then you kind of say, well, how does that translate into growth? I think Eric's point we think was really important. The fundamental capability actually has strengthened. We spent so much time thinking about opportunities on the growth side, on the efficiency side, on the investment side and we came up with a ton of them and we're incorporating all of those. All that then reinforced by, the Aon United strategy and the connectivity and ironically COVID created a situation where we are on WebEx and others have different, different systems, WebEx connected our firm in a way sitting across the virtual table from clients in a way that's been incredibly, incredibly powerful. And that's what's led to literally net new business growth and also growth rates with existing clients, the strongest we've ever seen. So it really puts addition does exceptionally well to continue to increase market share and take share around the world, which we've been doing and continue to do, as well as create net new and at this moment, I don't want to get away. This is not a zero sum game for us. We're winning the zero sum game, but it isn't about that. It's about net new. As we put solutions in place around cyber, intellectual property and climate, I mean, just the three we talked about a lot, and we spend a tremendous amount of time focused on those. So we're very excited about the growth prospects, that's why we talk about an integral digital grader across all our solution lines in 2021 and beyond.
Greg Case: Thank you. I just want to say to everyone, thanks very much for being part of the discussion today. We appreciate it and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
