Greg Case: David, are you there? Operator, why don't we go to the next question and we will pick David up later.
Greg Case: Yes. Mike, from our standpoint, we talk about this on the call frequently. So, I really appreciate the question. Again, for us, remember, pricing really translates into market impact. So, that’s encompassing both rate and insured values. And as we’ve highlighted, market impact for us, I would say, it had a modestly positive impact to our results. Just maybe three observations. When you think about Aon overall, something around half of our world operates completely independent of any insurance pricing cycle. And even within our risk business, a third of it as fee based. And when you think about our overall approach and what we do, our world is really centered around using data and analytics capability to really help clients at an individual level, focus on their circumstances and we get the best results. You will see us modify programs, individual covers based on market conditions. They will fundamentally -- we will help them change behavior, based on market reaction, our market position. So for us, overall, modestly positive impact to results, and our view is that highly client centric approach is one of the reasons we’ve got new business generation and retention levels at an all-time high.
Greg Case: So, Mike, we don’t break out literally sort of growth at that level. Our view, as we come back, there is really not a difference. This is about how we add value to clients and consistent with what as we described by Aon United behavior. This is how we bring global capability to our clients in our backyard, and when we do it, how we describe the value. So literally, the work we’re doing includes how we describe the value to clients. If we create value, we should get paid for the value; and if we don’t, we should highlight that as well. So, we’re incredibly transparent. And our view is, we are increasing our capability to both deliver value, articulate value and get paid for value.
Greg Case: Yes. When you step back, David and think about sort of what really happens when we bring the best of our firm. In essence, we got -- the beauty of this is, we have the capability, we have the capacity, our colleagues have the expertise, and our clients have increasing need. The question is how do you connect the dots and actually make that happen. And so, we have more and more account situations where we're spending time with the client understanding broad-based needs. Our colleagues have greater awareness of Aon and what they're trying to get accomplished and what we're trying to get accomplished. And so, they actually bring these other colleagues in. They address these issues in ways we haven't addressed before. And the beauty of this is, it not only creates net new areas, but it also very much sort of addresses retention on existing business, and what we're doing from an existing client standpoint. So, the approach we're taking very much sort of leverages assets and capabilities that we've got, and clients respond very, very positively to it.
Greg Case: And David, one real important point here too, this is -- your question about the sales cycle, this doesn’t elongate the sales cycle at all. In fact, it’s very different than that. We're bringing existing capability and matching it to client need. We’re -- in fact, we’re creating new sales cycles. So, it’s the same sales cycle under traditional products, our traditional areas, and then new sales cycles that we serve another clients but not that client. So, the example, Eric described sort of was literally an expansion. So, the sales cycle and what we expand in into was no longer than ever before. And it just creates frankly tremendous efforts, even if a client says in the end, I don’t really think we need you on it, we’ve engaged in a conversation, which changes their perception of who we are and how we think about them. That actually impacts retention in our core -- and what we’re currently doing them in addition to sort of open up new business and new opportunities.
Greg Case: Elyse, that’s just another example as we look across sort of the global portfolio and it’s back to kind of as we connect to the dots on opportunities. We saw this as a great opportunity to help a sector that we know very, very well. And it really isn’t about the size; it’s really about what we can bring to the table. So, if you think about walking into this client and helping them with their -- a lot of the things on protecting their balance sheet, which we know very, very well, think about how we can help them on retirement, on health, on the broader base set of things to candidly help them improve their operating performance, strengthen the balance sheet, reduce volatility, and we bring all Aon to bear on that mission. We just love that approach in that sector. And frankly, we’ve seen it happen around the world. This is another example of -- we've seen the movie before, how do we translate what we’ve seen sort of in the client impact in an effective way. And this is just another example of that. We're very excited about it. Our leaders are rallied around the world to do it. And it really is a set of leaders across solution lines who are going to sort of bring the full force of Aon to this structure and we're really excited about it.
Greg Case: And like everything, Elyse, we look at these things year-over-year when you think about year-to-date progress against year-to-date last year, continued momentum and build in the business, absolutely fantastic, 9% year-to-date. So, continued progress and momentum.
Greg Case: Yes. I’d step back, John. As you think about sort of growth overall, it just is a lesson for all the solution lines really. It really isn't about any single quarter or even in solution line, we really look at growth across the board. So, we're really looking at sort of Aon results overall and perspective how that progresses year-to-year. So, the lots of things happen within individual solutions lines. And if you sort of look at that perspective, that bucket together, you see really tremendous progress, 5% in 2018, 6% year-to-date in 2019. By the way that's versus 4% in year-to-date in 2018, so up 200 basis points. And really across the portfolio, all solution lines, including data and analytics are sort of up year-to-date, including data and analytics, I may say, when you think about year-to-date. So, for us, we wouldn't focus on any one or particular quarter or the other, it really is about year-to-date progress or year-over-year progress. And we feel very good about where we are against that.
Greg Case: Just bear in mind, as you think about sort of where we are, this is probably one that's not even year-over-year, really is over multiple years, as you think about where we are and think about our acquisition and divestiture strategy over the last number of years, we are absolutely maniacally focused on improving return on invested capital. So, it's not surprising, the cash flow characteristics of the business we divest aren't nearly as good as the ones we have, nor the ones we buy. And so we're going to be lumpy year-over-year as we think about the right acquisitions. We're going to bring in content and capability we can scale, and that will drive top-line growth over time. But, it really in this case is even more over a period of years it will drive top line growth as you've seen over the last decade. So, hopefully that's helpful. We'll continue to think about the divestitures, when they are helpful to the ROIC and the overall portfolio; and we'll continue to make acquisitions with great capacity to do so when they make sense as well.
Greg Case: Christa described very, very well. This is -- as you think about our margin -- expanding margin, our capability to do so. You've seen us over a 10-year period due to the 70 basis points to 80 basis points that’s been described already, you ask yourself the question, what's the probability we can continue to do that. We would suggest that this quarter and this year to-date’s performance says that probability is going up, not going down. And that's because of the operational leverage Christa described. In addition to that, it's really important for us to convey how much we are investing in future growth for our business. And this is a number of areas. If you think about what we've done in intellectual property, what we've done in the entire area of kind of public partnerships, what we've done in small client, what we've done in retirement business, in the health business, all these things are sort of net new things we've never done before. You've seen examples we talked about the World Bank CAP on last time. There is a whole series of things we've done to create net new, truly not just expanding share on what's already out there, but net new, things that have never been looked at before, same in cyber. So, there is a level of investment that is quite high. We're very excited about in terms of future long-term growth, but we're also very committed and making sure we can continue to improve margins year-over-year. And as Christa described, Aon Business Services is a way to do that, but it also has lots of different attributes in terms of what we're doing. The muscle is really, really powerful and we're going to keep working on it.
Greg Case: I really appreciate that example, Mike. So, again, Yaron, the reason we entered it, sort of here, this is here -- you take a step back to your question, fundamentally, our ability to improve margin, the reason we're so excited about Aon Business Services is it creates operating leverage in the business that's meaningful and real. But, no kidding, Mike said 600 actuaries. We had them all around the firm. We are now bringing them together. They are doing things we didn't -- hadn't done before. And instead of giving the client three or four options on the health side, we're giving them a continuum of 500 sort of iterations -- 500,000, I'm sorry, I am being corrected by my colleagues, 500,000 iterations of what we can do, all better than three by the way, and it changes fundamentally our ability to serve clients. So, it builds operating leverage and improves service. And that's the equation we're pulling together when we describe Aon United. That's one big aspect of it.
Greg Case: You start with literally the fundamental opportunity the potential demand. And it's -- anyway you look at it, it’s incredibly compelling. Just step back, take the estimate, 2018, [ph] how much of the value the S&P 500 was attributable to intangible assets, and it's 80% to 85%. Think about what that means, 20 trillion plus. It’s amazingly huge number sort of attributable intangible assets. That was probably in the low 20s in the 70s, it's now 80s, mid-80s. And so you essentially say, if that's where the value is coming from this is back to the idea of net new. What are we doing that makes a difference for clients net new that doesn't exist and the protection of intellectual property is something we have never done before. And it's why again, we brought in a tremendous amount of capability, some with Stroz Friedberg and 601West, tremendous capability which we've added to over time. And we've got a 100 plus colleagues who are focused on how you think about value in intellectual property and how you provide cover on it, how you protect clients from liabilities that come with it or the IP theft. And so you ask yourself, how big could that market be. And this is a market that should be much bigger than cyber. This is $100 billion plus market over time. If we help clients understand how to address and protect intellectual property, trade secrets, all the things that come with that, our view is this is a tremendous opportunity for the industry, and candidly, a tremendous opportunity for our clients. And the other piece, and I'm sorry to get off on the IP, but I can't help it. One of things about IP that's so cool is, a lot of what we do is protecting the house. And as in cyber something bad happens, how do you protect, something happens in a plant or equipment or something happens in a portfolio on the retirement side, these are protecting downsides. Intellectual property is about creating upside. You can actually help clients create net new value that they already have but didn't really know it. When you can actually help a client value a portfolio, by the way the valuation comes from the fact that the insurance markets actually back it. So, that creates the implicit value, all of a sudden you're creating opportunity. So, we're pretty bullish on this, as you can tell. And really in terms of sort of the idea of net new high-margin, high-margin because it's high value to clients. We're providing this kind of value to clients. We're doing things that no one else has been able to do. And the opportunity we think is substantial, and you will see us investing heavily behind it. Back to the question around maintaining 70 basis points, 80 basis points improvement and investing this heavily, how do you do it? Again, the 100-plus colleagues, how do you do it? You do it within Aon Business Services and other means to sort of create operating leverage in the business. And that's the equation we've got.
Greg Case: Yes. Listen, we spend a lot of time with our partner in Lloyd’s John Neal, and Bruce and team, trying to offer thoughts and views and perspectives. We are absolutely focused on and delighted to be supportive whenever we can because it's important to our clients. And our guidance has largely been around sort of the following types of things. Whatever blueprint comes out to be, whatever incarnation comes out to be, you ask yourself the question, has it helped our clients? How has it done things for our clients that they don't get elsewhere in the world? Is there more innovation in a way that sort of benefits our clients? So, for us, it's all about that. And that's the test of relevance for all of us, and it's a test relevance for Lloyd's as well. And so, everything we've done around it is sort of how do we help them, see what has to be true for -- add value in a distinctive way. And then, we come back to, if you're adding value in a distinctive way that has real beneficial aspects for margin. If you are adding value in a way that's much more commoditized, then it's -- it should have much less attractive margin characteristics. So, for us, we don't -- this isn't about us, it's really about our clients and sort of how we can help Lloyd’s understand sort of what has to be true to help our clients. And we're very hopeful, John and Bruce and team have worked very hard to sort of -- to take some steps to sort of really drive this market forward. And we're excited about the possibilities and want to support in any way we can to support our clients.
Greg Case: No, I don't think that really -- at the end of the day, we haven't really thought about it in that way at all really. This is -- Lloyd's is a source of capital and capability for our clients. We want to apply it anywhere we can. John and Bruce are very well aware. There are other options out there as well, and we have access to all of them. So, we’re in essence essentially saying we still always come back Meyer to the question is what's the client need and how are we supporting and serving it. If we do that distinctively, our margins and growth take care of themselves, and we love that nice edge, by the way. That means we have to continue to improve. And if we don't, we suffer the consequences as does everyone else. Our view is, the opportunity is great. There is lots of capital choices out there to support our clients to the extent that's helpful and necessary. And that's how we're going to pursue it. So, we don't really see -- we're really not sort of seeing sort of any short-term, long-term sort of implications that would be we driven by the Lloyd's Blueprint.
Greg Case: Yes. Brian, I would say, I appreciate you're referencing the risk survey. We find a lot of insight into that as we’re asking clients around the world what's most important to you, what's on your mind. Most -- sailing of which is, when you look at sort of the top 10 risks, most of them are -- don't actually have an insurance related answer, actually five have none, a few have partial and then a few have something. So, our view is that’s massive opportunity to sort of help clients. And to the extent slowdown becomes number one, how do we help clients do that. By the way, Eric and Mike both gave examples that would sort of lean into the headwinds of what would be a recession. As it relates to Aon, listen, we -- let's say, we feel fairly fortunate. If you think about sort of what's happened to us, if you go back to the recession of ‘08 and ‘09 and what happened in essence, you know the story well. We were largely flat in terms of sort of where that was. What you've seen us do in the first nine months of this year as everyone has talked about sort of issues and concerns is, grow 6% year-to-date versus 4% last year. So, we're up 200 basis points versus -- year-to-date versus last year, incredibly positive. Remember, a lot of the revenue is non-discretionary. So, 85% is renewed business and retention rates 90% plus on average. And so, it's a very unique kind of demand characteristic. By the way, that demand characteristic is true in commercial risk, it's true in reinsurance, it's true in retirement, it's true in health, incredibly powerful in terms of where we are. And then, if you think about where we were in ‘08 and ‘09, which is basically flat to the world and improved margins at the same time during the last recession, we're a very, very different and stronger firm now than we were then. Now, you actually have all the things that we had back then plus all the net new. So, we didn't have IP, we didn't have cyber, we didn't have some of the health advancements that Mike’s talked about, some of the things we've done on the retirement side. So, it's a much stronger firm in which we're creating new addressable demand that didn't exist before. And in many respects, we hope creating markets in which Aon will benefit and certainly others will too, competitors, everyone will. We open up $100 billion IP market that will benefit everyone. Same on cyber. We all know cyber is anemic, it's small compared to what it should be on behalf of clients, huge opportunity against that. So, for us, we’re always going to be vigilant. But, we feel very good about our ability to support clients. And in many respects, the demand grows in times of volatility or in times of stress for them. And to the extent we help them improve performance or strengthen their balance sheet or reduce volatility, that in on itself is actually going to create an interesting play. And then, the final thing I would say is sort of in recession, there is a bit of a flight to quality in terms of sort of making sure you can deliver on behalf of clients, and we believe we’d benefit from that.
Greg Case: Well, as we described by the way, this is again, you kind of come back to fundamental, what we're talking about here on sort of the health world overall. This is an incredibly dysfunctional part of the global economy as we all know. And the population around the world is becoming less healthy and per unit cost of healthcare is going up. So, net-net, we think there is going to be massive demand in the context of this. Remember, if you look at half our health business is in the U.S., half outside the U.S., and that outside the U.S. is actually more akin to the single payer world. And we've done exceptionally well. We are growing faster and margins are going up. There is a lot of opportunity on just beyond the core but also on what you do from an elective standpoint on top of it. So, as we look at economies around the world, we would say the demand is real, our ability to address it is real, and we like we like that opportunity. The final thing I would say is, without any political commentary on whether that's a good solution or not, let’s assume you actually went to that solution, the transition to that solution would create huge turmoil with our clients. And our ability to sort of support them in the transition would also be a source of opportunity. But, net-net, long-term, we love that health space. I think there is tremendous opportunity to help clients in what is really stressful world. And one of the things you look about it, it's not just the health side, it's the health and retirement, because our clients’ employees are overspending on health on average and underspending on retirement. And imagine, Brian, if we could actually help them tweak that 1% or 2% for their employees, our companies would have done a huge service to the families of the employees who work for them. So, we're pretty bullish on sort of what's out there in the stresses for our clients and our ability to address it. 
Greg Case: I just want to say to everyone, thank you very much for joining. And we look forward to the conversation next quarter. Thanks so much.
Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, it’s a great question. Mike, what I would say is, as we think about our pension on fund liability, we do an annual measurement at 12/31 each year. The balance sheet in terms of our fund of pension liability, Q3 doesn’t reflect changes in interest rate or asset valuation. And we’ve certainly done a lot of work on our pensions over the last 10 years to free the plans and close them and derisk them to massively reduce volatility. So, our result in pension cash contributions in 2020, you can see a show in the chart on page 26, it shows decreasing substantially and we feel really good about that outlook. In term of other impacts and interest rate, our debt is fixed, and so, we don’t see material impact from interest rate.
Christa Davies: Great. Okay. So, on FX, I guess, what I would say is, we did give guidance for Q4 that it’s minus $0.04. It’s really due to a stronger U.S. dollar. In general, we prefer a weaker U.S. dollar across our global portfolio because we’re translating local revenue and local expenses into U.S. dollars. And so, if the stronger U.S. dollar continues, we would expect some FX headwind in 2020 but what we haven’t given guidance.  And then, on your FX -- on your free cash flow question, sorry. So, free cash flow, it’s very strong year-to-date, 25% up year-to-date over last year. We have given guidance on free cash flow. We expect double digits for the foreseeable future. And so, we would expect very strong free cash flow growth for the full year 2019. There were some restructuring cash charges that timed out of Q3 into Q4. If you think about the whole program we’ll finish, restructuring in 2019 and so you’ll see those cash charges come through in the fourth quarter. But, we’re really excited about free cash flow for the full year 2019 and most excited about free cash flow for 2020 in terms of double-digit free cash flow growth plus the declining needs of cash.
Christa Davies: It's a great question, Elyse. And what we would say is, year-to-date margin expansion is 250 basis points, of which 110 basis points is core margin expansion, if you take out the restructuring savings. You're absolutely right that Aon Business Services is proving up with incremental operating leverage. It's driving sustained profitability improvements well beyond the restructuring savings into 2020 and beyond. One simple example of that is the fact that we’ve actually automated over 500,000 hours this year through automation, which drives ongoing productivity. So, you can kind of see the improved operating leverage before we reinvest in additional growth opportunities. We do think that the right guidance going forward in terms of margin expansion is 70 to 80 basis points. That is in line with our 10-year historical average. So, we feel really good about that.
Christa Davies: Yes. It's a great question, Paul. And what I would say is, as we think about managing the portfolio, we’re doing it on a return on capital basis, and maximizing our investment in high revenue growth, high margin businesses, and then obviously divesting lower revenue growth, lower margin businesses. As we think about modeling going forward, you should see a similar impact in retirement due to divestiture of that business in Q2 for the next three quarters, so that will sort of flow through over the course of the year, similar to what you saw in retirement this quarter.
Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, what we can say, John, is that they’re lower revenue growth, lower margin businesses. So, it fits with our focus on improving growth and improving margins and focus on return on capital. We haven't given specifics on the amount of cash we received. We feel really good about the overall management of the portfolio, including those divestments.
Christa Davies: It's really about the operating leverage we’re getting through Aon Business Services, which is accelerating our overall margin expansion year-to-date. Because if you look at the nine-month operating margin expansion versus the six months, we've accelerated, and the restructuring savings has remained about the same proportion of that and the core margin expansion has expanded. And so, we are getting real operating leverage in the platform from growth, yes, from leverage in ABS. And we expect that to continue through calendar year 2019 and into 2020. One of the other things I'd say is operating leverage is allowing us to fund greater investment in some whole new markets and capacity. Greg, you might want to talk a bit about that.
Christa Davies: So, the way we think about it, Josh, is really our free cash flow growth for first nine months of the year is 25%. We are on track for a strong free cash flow growth for full-year 2019. We've given long-term guidance of double-digit free cash flow growth for the foreseeable future and we feel like we are on track for that. And we're particularly excited about 2020 where we will have underlying free cash flow growth of double-digit, plus a declining use of cash, as we see on page 26 of the materials, through decreased cash usage on pension, CapEx and restructuring.
Christa Davies: I mean, you can see the restructuring cash yourselves, but we're getting double-digit free cash flow growth.
Christa Davies: Josh, I mean, what we would say is we feel like we have double-digit free cash flow growth year-to-date and long-term.
Christa Davies: Here's what we'd say on health solutions. We feel really good about where we are in terms of health solutions. We delivered 5% growth year-to-date, it's accelerated from 4% growth year-to-date in 2018. And we have all lines contributing, all solution lines contributing to mid single-digit growth or greater for the full year 2019, and we're looking forward to a strong Q4.
