Gregory C. Case: Well, first of all, Sarah, let me just start with overall. We're just really pleased, we're excited, we're proud to partner with Starbucks. This firm obviously, as you know, has got a long history of providing industry-leading benefits to its partners or employees, and it's really who they are as a company. They've been doing this for a long time. But they're also an industry leader on the healthcare side, committed not only to providing partners with access to healthcare, but also, candidly, shaping the role of the future employer based healths across the entire country. So, this for us is a very – and an innovative company in multiple ways who we partnered with to provide better choice, better transparency for their employees. So we're very excited about doing that. And this for us is just a continuation with a host of other companies who've joined the exchange who want to make a difference on behalf of their employees. And it's one option as part of our overall health platform, which, as we said before, we really love. We love the set of opportunities here to support and help clients and this is just a continuation of that. So, as we've said before, we're going to continue to drive performance in HR Solutions. You'll see that for the year. Starbucks will be included in that, and that will just be a continuation.
Gregory C. Case: Dave, the commentary really is applicable to both the risk side of the business and the HR Solutions side of the business. And what you're seeing in HR Solutions is just the natural continuation as this business trends to more of a second half set of engagements, particularly around the fourth quarter set of engagements. So that's really what you're seeing trending here. That's amplified a little bit by some timing that Christa highlighted, but this is just, for us, a natural evolution. The real piece here is our expectation that the year stays exactly the same, there's absolutely no change in terms of what we were thinking about and have been thinking about for the first six months, and in fact, feel good about the trends against that. We see what the pipeline looks like. We see how it's going to evolve and, as I said before, it's really just – if you think about some of the work we've done in HR BPO and in cloud, it's just more of a fourth quarter business than we've seen historically. And then on the risk side, same piece: we expect a stronger second half than we saw in the first half and continued growth in the overall business, so no change to the year.
Gregory C. Case: We are really seeing, as we've talked before, is our intention is to grow organically, improve margins and improve earnings per share, but to continue to work to translate our operating income and revenue performance into free cash flow. So that engine, that translation is continuing to become disproportionally stronger and that's exactly what you are seeing here, which is why we have been able to achieve the free cash flow performance in the first half, which is on top of record free cash flow performance in 2015.
Gregory C. Case: That's exactly right on the trend line in terms of the disproportionally skewed more toward the fourth quarter, and this is exactly what we're trying to highlight on the call today. We love the progress though here. The team has just done a terrific job, not only in the translation of what we do with our cloud-based businesses on the HR side, but also what we're doing on the finance side. And you can see that evolution starting in HR, moving to finance and eventually connecting the two back which is really where the opportunity is. And from our standpoint, our pipeline is literally sold out in this category. The team has just done a terrific job.
Gregory C. Case: We have actually made real progress on the finance side. And I would say that the speakers on the phone today are quite engaged in that and are excited about that for Aon as well. So we're putting our money where our mouth is as we always do and are very excited about what we're going to achieve in this, not only for us and the opportunities there, but also globally in terms of what we've got going on. So we're very excited about the possibilities here.
Gregory C. Case: This is terrific. This is a great example of when we take businesses we've done very, very well in, add content and capability and are able to scale that. So Univers brings – really, this is an elective benefits enrollment and communications firm, as you've highlighted and we highlighted. They bring it into the middle market and across the U.S. and have just an incredibly strong client base. We're going to be able to engage that client base with a broader set of products and services we provide but also take their capability to our client base as well. So we're very excited about this. This is a great example of, as we've described, tuck-in acquisitions in which we can take content and amplify content, and that's exactly what this is about.
Gregory C. Case: Kai, I would say – maybe I'll divide the Brexit question into two parts. One is just for our clients, and that's really the lens, as you know, that we look through – we look through everything out in the world through the lens of our clients. And obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty, our clients are going through a lot of questions, both in the region, but also globally, in terms of what the impact is going to be, and we're very vigilant. We spend a great deal of time with our clients on the tradeoffs and issues and areas that they are trying to address in the context of it. And you watch that evolve like we do. And we think there will continue to be uncertainty. As it relates to Aon, the second part, for us, Brexit, like all things that involve client uncertainty, it's an opportunity to help clients understand the situation and take actions to improve their positions. And Brexit has proven to be just that for us, both on the HR Solutions side as well as on the risk side. So from a financial impact from our standpoint, this is really an opportunity to help and support clients. And as I said before, they are facing a lot of uncertainty and we want to help them address that.
Gregory C. Case: Listen, again, there is a range of client reactions. Some clients are deferring and trying to understand and get greater clarity. We're helping them to do that. Other clients are engaging us to actually understand the situation and figure out where there might be opportunity for them as they think about Brexit. So, net-net from our standpoint, again, in times of uncertainty, it's a time to help clients succeed, and that's actually been a benefit as we've engaged them to do that.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. What I was really talking about – first of all, just to be clear, the U.S. did have record new business, actually it was a $100 million-plus quarter, the first time we've ever done $100 million in Q2. So, it was really a terrific testament to the team with very strong retention. A lot of things go into that, rollover, et cetera. But remember, Q2 is one quarter and it tends to be among our smallest quarters, Q2 and Q3. And from our standpoint, as we look at the overall trend line for the year, what I was describing is really the opportunities for the year, and that's really how we look at those, and highlighted what we see in the pipeline for the opportunities in the second half for U.S. Retail and really for risk overall. And then we skew, as Christa just described, I think very well, why the fourth quarter is higher or stronger than the rest of our quarters.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, well, we've talked about – Aon Inpoint is just a great example. When you think about growth for Aon overall, as we've highlighted on previous calls, we've got all the work we do on the traditional side of the business and putting in place things like Aon Client Promise and really substantially increasing our ability to acquire clients, retain clients, and do more with clients. We've also talked about some of the other areas of investment outside of the traditional areas, and we highlighted a couple on the last call. There are $1 billion-plus businesses in Affinity and Health & Benefits that are growing substantially. And then Aon Inpoint is another example really outside the core in which we've made substantial investment. And Aon Inpoint really is bringing together what is a very unique and the single biggest repository of insurance information that exists in the world today and pulling it together on behalf of our clients. And in this case, they happen to be insurance carriers. We've got 45-plus carriers who are involved right now, and we're helping them think about how they improve their business, grow their business overall. We haven't talked about the size, but what I would say is, this is a very – been very positive for us in terms of supporting carriers, strengthening overall position. And it's another example of how we've used data and analytics as a core and cornerstone piece of what we do. And so, for us, it's just another example of where we're investing to grow the business. By the way, not only do we have Aon Inpoint, now we also have something called Aon Review, which is doing the same thing on the reinsurance side. We've actually taken the data and analytics approach that really underpins Aon Inpoint and used it as part of our U.S. mortgage effort, that's, by the way, reached $5 billion-plus in premium since its inception, which is a great accomplishment. And then things like Aon Client Treaty. These are fundamentally data-driven, analytic-driven businesses that we see a lot of promise for.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. There's no divestiture strategy. There's a return on invested capital strategy and a client strategy that drives everything we do. And we continue – we've made unprecedented investments back into the HR Solutions business and the risk business. We're going to continue to do that, look for us to do that, with the organic investments we've made and then acquisitions that strengthen our position to serve clients more effectively. And then from time to time as we look at that overall portfolio, we will make calls and decision that will help us both improve client serving capability, absolutely fundamental, and then also improve return on invested capital. And you'll see us do that just in the natural course. And if you think about over the last 10 years, it hasn't just been in HR Solutions, it's across Risk Solutions, probably even more pronounced in Risk Solutions, where we have transitioned out assets that weren't strengthening our client serving capability as much and brought new assets and it helps us do that.
Gregory C. Case: No, really don't read into it. Look, the real message cutting across the entire call is the first six months of 2016 have just been a continuation, a reinforcement of everything we expected coming into the year, nothing's really thrown us off from that at all. Some up, some down, but overall what we're seeing is growth across the globe and we fully expect to see that for the year, and we fully expect Latin America is going to be a big contributor to that as they've been for the last number of years.
Gregory C. Case: Just want to say thanks very much, everybody, for joining the call, and look forward to the next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: No. And the reason for that is we've really taken substantial efforts over the last 10 years to close our plans, freeze them and de-risk them. And so, because of that, we're in a position where the pension contributions will not change.
Christa Davies: Sure. So, let's start with risk. I think the first thing I'd say about risk is, I wouldn't over rotate on any one quarter. We do expect a stronger second half to the year in both Risk Solutions and HR Solutions, as Greg said, as we are becoming a more Q4 orientated company just in terms of the patterning of our revenue and operating income. And therefore, we expect for Risk Solutions strong organic revenue growth, margin expansion and operating income growth for the full year 2016. In terms of HR Solutions, I would note, as you said, there is an impact if you look at the first half of the year in terms of the divestitures. And that's having an impact of about $6 million in terms of lost operating income in the first half of the year. And obviously there is some stranded costs associated with those divestitures, which is really why we originally gave guidance in HR Solutions which is down in the first half, up in the second half. And what you're really seeing in the second half is we're working through exiting those stranded costs in Q3 and that's why Q4 will be stronger than Q3.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So we obviously expect very strong free cash flow growth for the full year, double digit free cash flow growth for full year 2016, which will put us well on track for our $2.4 billion free cash flow in 2017. Obviously, the 51% growth in free cash flow won't continue at exactly that pace, because we did have in Q2 2015 the $137 million cash outflow related to legal settlements. But we do expect very strong free cash flow growth and much stronger cash flow in absolute dollars in the second half of the year aligned with the revenue and operating income growth for the company.
Christa Davies: Kai, just in terms of the financial impacts, I guess what I would say is overall the biggest impact for us is on currency. And so a weaker pound is best for us because we do have about $350 million to $400 million of U.S. denominated revenue into the Lloyd's marketplace in the UK. And so a weaker pound actually helps us. There's an offsetting impact in the consulting business that is negative, but net-net it's a benefit. And the only other impact I think I did previously address was interest rates. I think we've had a number of questions from people on interest rates and the impact of that on our pensions and I said it's immaterial.
Christa Davies: So the first answer is yes, it will be the same pattern going forward. And one of the reasons for this is we are seeing client buying behavior shift their buying patterns from Q3 to Q4 in risk to really align around budgeting for the calendar year. And so, we do expect that client buying trend to continue. And then this shift in underlying compensation expenses from Q4 into Q3 we would expect to be a permanent shift too, yes.
Christa Davies: No. We do expect that the correct ongoing tax rate for the company is 19%. We did see some positive discrete tax adjustments again in the quarter, really around state audits. It is actually impossible to predict discrete tax adjustments; they could be positive or negative. And so, 19% is the right operating rate for the company.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So I guess one way to think about it on the receivables side is if you've got a dollar of revenue today and it takes you 100 days to collect it, then you're tying up a lot of cash on your balance sheet in the form of receivables. And if we get the 100 days, for argument's sake, down to 50 days, then you've halved the amount of cash that you're tying up on your balance sheet in the form of receivables. And what you can see if you divide receivables by revenue on our balance sheet, is that days' sales outstanding has come down substantially. And so it's taking us less time to collect cash from customers. And so we are getting more in line with what we think a professional services firm should be, which is working capital neutral. And today if you looked at our days payables and our days sales outstanding, there is a 15-day negative gap, and we believe that should be neutral. And the difference between that is the extra $500 million of free cash flow I mentioned. So we think there is a substantial opportunity to continue to improve working capital and generate substantial free cash flow over the coming years.
Christa Davies: We love the benefits administration business. We serve 22 million Americans across our retirement and health portfolios there, and we continue to invest in the technology to serve clients and develop unique solutions. So, we expect to continue to grow in that business. We did have some anticipated losses coming into the year. Clients were in a sort of M&A (44:51) environment and were acquired, and we do expect to grow overall.
