ChristaDavies: Thanks so much for the question, Dave. So we are certainly committed to margin expansion in 2021. And we don't give specific margin guidance in terms of how much we would grow each year. But as today, we've driven long-term margins of 880 basis points over the last 11 years. So 88 basis points a year on average. And we that are really driven by accelerating organic revenue growth, the portfolio mix shift to higher revenue growth, higher margin areas. And obviously, as you noted, the Aon Business Services platform continues to drive productivity and efficiency for us. And that will continue to occur Dave, in 2021, we're really excited, as Greg highlighted, about accelerating growth, year-over-year, trending towards mid-single digits in the second half of the year. And the margin expansion will be a result of that growth, the portfolio mix shift and the productivity from Aon Business Services.
ChristaDavies: Yes, so Dave, first of all, the $2.6 billion is a clean number. And so that there's nothing unusual about that number. And then in terms of working capital, we obviously made some progress on working capital, as you saw in 2020. But we've actually said that the $500 million is still the right long-term target for Aon on working capital. So and Dave, the thing I think I said before on that $500 million is that's just the number that gets you to working capital neutral, there are several countries in which we operate. Where working capital positive, we think that is entirely reasonable for a professional services firm. And so we think that a $500 million is a conservative number. And we're definitely targeting underlying free cash flow growth over the long term in the double-digit range.
ChristaDavies: The only other thing I'd add is, Elyse, that Q1 2020 was a very strong comparable for us because it largely was completed before COVID hit. And so while we've had terrific momentum coming into 2021, as Eric and Greg described that difficult comparable means that Q1 is likely to be a lower growth quarter than developed to the year.
ChristaDavies: So thanks so much for the question, Elyse. What I would start with is saying the guidance we gave for our revenue was we're moving towards mid-single digit, over the course of the year, so not greater. The second thing I'd say is the guidance is Aon only; we certainly wouldn't give guidance to the combined until we close. And then third, we are on track to close in the first half of the year, as we outlined when we announced a deal.
ChristaDavies: Thanks for the question, Jimmy. We remain incredibly committed to our combinations with Willis Towers Watson. Watson is thrilled about the newly announced leadership team as he described, to lead up and accelerating innovation on behalf of clients and creates shareholder value. The businesses are complimentary and operate in competitive areas of the economy. And we believe we've got the arguments and evidence to ensure a positive outcome. We continue to work collaboratively with the appropriate regulators to gain approvals in a timely manner. And as we've said, since we announced the deal, we expect to close in the first half of 2021. And we're on track to do that.
ChristaDavies: So Jimmy we would say, we remain at the place where we've been, which is the $800 million, we feel really confident in achieving. It is 5.5% of the combined cost base. That compared to 11% of the combined cost base we achieved today on Hewitt and 18% of the combined cost base we achieved today in Benfield and the components of that, our people and IT and in real estate. And as we've gone into the integration planning, we feel extremely confident about achieving the $800 million. And as we've said, this year we're very sort of confident about achieving that through this based on the strength of Aon Business Services platform, which is allowing us to bring together the operations of Aon and drive improve quality, consistency, and then efficiencies over time.
ChristaDavies: Look, we appreciate the questions, Suneet, but what we would say is as we said since we announced the deal we expect to close in the first half of 2021. And we are on track to do that. And so we are really excited about the combination with Willis Towers Watson, and our newly announced leadership team who will help us in accelerating innovation for clients.
ChristaDavies: So, Meyer, one way to answer this is, if you recall, on the 9th of March, we announced the combination, we actually gave guidance to the combined firm of mid-single digit or greater. And I would note that that is higher than what Willis Towers Watson had produced historically. And the reason and we did mid-single digit growth or greater from year one. And so that gives you a sense of how confident we are in the new areas of unmet client need in our existing business. And in brand new areas of demand, whether or no products and solutions today, areas like intellectual property, climate and cyber. So we're really excited, Meyer, about the growth potential of the combined firm.
ChristaDavies: So, Meyer, I would say, we're really excited about the potential to invest organically and inorganically in content and capabilities in areas like digital, where we acquired CoverWallet earlier in 2020; in areas like intellectual property, in areas like climate in areas, so in lots of areas across our business, and so there are many priority areas, Meyer, I would say where they are higher revenue growth, high margin high return on capital businesses, and we're really excited about investing in these areas to develop new solutions for clients to meet their unmet needs.
ChristaDavies: Yes, thanks for the question, Phil. What I would say is, it's really about the fact that we're managing conservatively our cash levels, given the macroeconomic uncertainty, which still remains, and we're obviously heading into Q1, which is our seasonally lowest, free cash flow quarter of the year. But I'd say we're fully committed to maintaining our current credit ratings. And longer term, we will look to increase debt to EBITDA ratio while maintaining leverage ratios.
ChristaDavies: We haven't given that guidance. So but what I would say is Q1 is the majority of the impact the year. It's primarily driven by a higher Euro versus US dollar. And Q1 is our Euro centric quarter.
GregCase: Maybe I'll start with that Dave and then Eric shared a number of examples we could draw from. We say, listen, as client, need and pressure continues to increase; it really does give us a great opportunity to connect with them. And for all of its challenges and issues that COVID has brought to us, and they've been many, one of the things that have also done with our Aon Business Services platform has allowed us to connect to clients, even more effectively. Even yesterday, I was on a call that would have been a client meeting a year ago with 100 clients, plus, we had 1,000 clients on yesterday. And so our ability to actually connect with clients and actually demonstrate the full capability of the firm at a time of high need is actually going up. So you're seeing more and more examples of our ability to drive new business, but as well as, do more with existing clients, given the capabilities we've gotten really, it's happening all across the firm. But maybe, Eric, a couple of examples from your standpoint to bring it forward.
GregCase: Elyse, really appreciate the question. As Eric has highlighted, there's so many opportunities that continue to emerge, to help clients in times of need, and they're just continue to emerge around the world. And some of them are happening faster than we thought they would, which I think about the momentum into the fourth quarter, it really was in the core, we continue to perform well there. And then the discretionary pieces, as there was some, promise on the recovery front, the vaccine front, et cetera, we saw some of those discretionary areas, like TL transaction liability construction and employment levels, beginning to come up. But by the way, other areas, we still saw the pressure; I mentioned travel and events for as an example, and some others. So it still remains mixed, but the trend is positive. And what you're really seeing is us, unable to kind of interact in a very positive way with clients. And you're seeing that sort of built into Q4, and you're also seeing it as we think about our opportunities in 2021. On the reinsurance front, again, team is fantastic, Eric you talk about that sort of as we end Q4 see implications, and also the thoughts for the first quarter and 2021 on the reinsurance side, and it was a great work by the team.
GregCase: No, Elyse, really isn't, we would encourage you to step back and think about it 2020 was truly exceptional, literally and you think about COVID-19. And we grew organically 1% versus last year at 6%, which was one of our all-time highs, expanded margin 100 basis points through 28.5% and free cash as Christa described to the highest level in our history grow 60 plus percent. And this momentum that we built throughout the year in 2020 is we believe is going to carry over into 2021. So there really isn't anything we would focus on Q4, then you would really over rotate on. But it does reflect really the great work of our colleagues and improving external factors which impacted the client [Indiscernible] described. But we wanted to really recognize the performance of our colleagues in the year and that certainly shows up. But we've encouraged you to sort of think about the overall year and the overall momentum that was built and how it's been carrying in to 2021.
GregCase: And I would add, Jimmy, I want to come back to the audience for a second, if I could, obviously, we're going to operate completely separately until we close, no question about that we have in every way, shape or form. But we have had a chance to sort of get this group together and begin the planning process. And it just been incredibly extraordinary, very gratifying to see this kind of talent come together to think about what the possibilities are in the future of the firm, both in helping clients in the here and now but also thinking about how we can help them and some of the most important issues as they come forward. And certainly pandemic, the year pandemic has certainly highlighted a number of those, but you think about climate on the horizon. Things like intellectual property, cyber, and all these things are out there. And this team is really beginning to come together, thinking about a one firm approach to how we deliver the best of our capability to them. And it's really been - it's been extraordinary and very, very invigorating for all of us as we come together.
GregCase: Greg, let me just offer a couple thoughts on that. First, I'll step back and say we have had a lot of time in the planning process over the course and since we announced in March, and I will tell you, we continue to compare notes on the possibilities again we can operate together until we close in any way shape or form. Our excitement on the possibilities continues to build. And it really is in multiple areas, just core content and capability that exists across both organizations. We have very high expectations when we announced March 9, they've been exceeded substantially in multiple categories. And we think about the opportunity to drive growth, organic growth on behalf of clients. And we see it in multiple categories, all of these things come together to reinforce opportunities to both drive top line and also drive margin improvement, which by the way, we see for Aon front and center, before we get anyplace else, so we just want to highlight, we see tremendous opportunity, both on the top line side, and on the margin side for the combined firm, for all the reasons Christa has outlined. And everything we've seen since March 9 has only reinforced that it's just been terrific.
GregCase: Hey, Suneet. I'll start with the following. We now - it's always been our practice, we step back and sort of we get tremendous amounts of client feedback. We call it voice with the client. And we've done it really for the last decade and continue to sort of probe into that obviously, since the March 9th announcement, we've done a tremendous amount of work for the client, getting their insight, guidance, perspective, views on how we can better best support them and serve them. Now we'll take, it's been overwhelming as we dig in with clients and they understand that we're all about bringing them the best of the now all things they could do in the current environment. Eric just described a number of different challenges are out there and how we're going to help them, help serve them better but also the challenges that used to be on the horizon are now on their doorstep. And they're asking questions around, what about the next pandemic? What do we do? How do I think about cyber right? Markets still relatively small, $6 billion, $7 billion against a connected client, impact of closer to a $1 trillion. Now what do we do about that? By the way, they know climate is going to be front and center already is really going to be front and center. Pandemic is, this virus are behind us. So they're asking questions to me around, how I address these long tail risks. Those are being asked of me by my CFOs, and CEOs and Boards of Directors. So what I'm trying to highlight is need has never been higher. And the solutions that we must bring to bear has got - have got to evolve, we have to be better in supporting them. And then we have to, we start with, we are there with the entire industry, and they see this combination, as a chance to reverse the trend in which our overall relevance has actually declined as a percentage of risk as a percentage of GDP over the last 30 years. And they see real promise in that. So our feedback has been overwhelmingly positive across the globe, on what this combination can mean for them. And we're very excited to work hard to meet those needs on their behalf.
GregCase: Phil, it isn't philosophical at all. It's a terrific question. I really appreciate it. So listen, we are absolutely committed in every way to implementing ESG best practices, internally for sure. And to promote resiliency, but listen to the picture on is so important. The role the industry can play relating to climate, it isn't just across the province; it's one of the greatest opportunities for us, again, if you think about where we are, everyone's focused on pandemic in many respects now. But this - when we get to decide this is behind us, climate change in our view, is front and center. And it's going to be a challenge when you to think about matching capital with risk, not to solve with energy sources, but literally the transition risks, the clients position pressure, you are getting the transition volatility that the clients encounters, they think about going from point A to point B, that's the - that should be our wheelhouse. That is how do we identify capability? How do I know if our capital helps him do that? And the combination with Willis Towers Watson, we believe we will be formidable. There's tremendous capability. And Willis Towers Watson and John Haley and the team have done a great job developing over time, that combined with that we have, we think we have a shot to really make a difference, helping clients make better decisions, as they think about this transition volatility that everyone is going to encounter as you think about addressing the climate challenges. So this is a high priority for us inside of Aon in our own world, for sure. And you'll see that by the way, we've got an upcoming 2020 impact report that's going to detail our commitment, around carbon neutrality and all pieces around that. But really, the opportunity here is what we can do on behalf of clients. And it is in our view, again, another opp; it's just not been addressed in a way that's meaningful. And it's a real opportunity for the industry to make a difference and we look forward to doing it.
GregCase: Yes, listen, at the individual level, there's always different circumstances that are going to come up. If you take a step back and think about the implications of climate change overall, this is the global economy. This is largely massive, massive challenge around increased volatility that's going to be absorbed by companies as they address this challenge. Our ability to help reduce that over time is we think substantial. And that is why in the end, this is a massive opportunity. It's going to require though, new insight and new innovation, evolution beyond what our industry has done; beyond what we have done. And that's why back to a wider combination? What's it all about? It's about being able to address some of these types of these issues' climate is one, cyber, it's another one that's still underdeveloped substantially, intellectual property. So all these fit in this category fill around massive unmet client needs that is growing over time that we've got to bring solutions toward and so all these categories to us points of substantial opportunity.
EricAndersen: Sure, Greg. And I think it's really based on the Aon united model that we've been working on, where you certainly have to be excellent in each of our subject matter capabilities and topics. But you have to work together to manage the client in a more holistic way. And so topics like health, retirement, talent are all really from Aon when you think about the COVID angle of the question. And these topics aren't going away. How we deal with voluntary benefits, pooled employer plans, comp insights, all critical as our clients are looking to manage their colleagues through this pandemic, not to mention sort of the return to workplace. So as we look out in 2021we see a lot of opportunity to really help our clients during the challenging time.
EricAndersen: Yes, for sure. Certainly, Q4 has always been our smallest quarter in reinsurance that's been dominated by historically by Fac and investment banking. There were some good treaty wins that happen, certainly, there's a lot of action going on in that space, in the third and fourth quarter, in terms of new clients, new company creation, and the like, until we were there to be able to help those new clients and existing clients really reposition their portfolios as they went into 2021. And I would say that continued into the first quarter, as the market dynamics being what they are, the insurers are certainly looking to position and get support where they needed as they look to grow their own portfolio. So great quarter certainly on the back of a fantastic quarter a year ago. So to see that kind of growth this year off the back of a 70% comparable was a special quarter for the team. And I think that momentum is carrying into the first quarter of this year.
EricAndersen: Sure. Greg, it's never really a straight line between what the carrier points out is what they say, is the unit price versus what a client actually does. Maybe to put it in a little bit of context, when we sit with a client, we first do the risk identification product test, maybe trying to help them understand exactly what risks are trying to protect, can they mitigate it themselves in a way that either through contracts or different changes of behavior? And can they finance it themselves, right, either through a captive or just using their balance sheet. So a lot happens with a client before they even risk transfer. So just always good to keep that in mind. But when they do decide to risk transfer, they certainly go into a market and we help them with insight with regard to options and structures. And whether it's retentions or deductibles, coinsurance limits, a variety of things that clients will look at, in terms of what their budget is able to do. And they'll make their trade off. So it's never really a straight line as to the unit cost as to what the client behavior actually sort of manifests itself in. And you see that in a couple of distressed products that are out there today. Certainly DNO is one that's gotten a lot of attention, how we work with clients to help them make those choices, in terms of the protection that they provide cyber and other property and, catastrophe exposed areas. So there's a lot that goes into before they go to market, as opposed to what they buy inside the marketplace. And so it is frankly an area where our teams have been focused on now for the last 24 months as the market has gotten firmer, to help clients make those trades offs because they're dealing with a marketplace now, at a time when many of them are feeling stress in general on their own businesses. And so how they make those tradeoffs become more acute. In the last, certainly in the last 12 months and would expect that behavior, and that process would continue going into this year.
