Gregory C. Case: Yes. David, our message is consistent. But while there's a little bit of noise back and forth on the different revenue lines in the quarter, when we think about the year in 2018 and beyond 2018, we think this quarter – we view this quarter as just another quarter of on-track progression. So, if you go back and think about sort of our investments in higher margin, higher growth areas, historically, go back a few years ago, we're at kind of 3%, 3%. The last two years, we're at 4%, 4%; again, on track, sort of to continue that progress. And if you think about sort of what happened in the quarter, 13% reported, take out the FX, we're at 8% – by the way that 8% is higher than our 10-year average reported, which is at 6%. So from our standpoint, this quarter is just another step on a progression for organic growth, margin improvement and, as Christa importantly pointed out, free cash flow growth improvement.
Gregory C. Case: Arash, as we've talked before we actually see tremendous client need sort of in this category. Virtually every client we talk to is addressing this question and it's a question of sort of at the board level, at the CEO level but also down on the operations of all of our clients' businesses. So this is an area of increasing concern for them. And as you've highlight, the $450 billion of reported loss last year there was against that kind of $3 billion in premium give or take. We are privileged to place a good portion of that. But if you think about $3 billion versus $450 billion, that's an area of substantial need and a great opportunity for us at Aon and as an industry to help our client support that. And that $450 billion, to your point, was largely U.S. based. When you think about the adoption of GDPR and the data requirements in Europe which literally kicked in this month, the reported requirements go up, which means the $450 billion is going to go into something that's closer to $1 trillion. So you're absolutely correct. This is an area of high, high need for our clients and an area of substantial opportunity for Aon which is one of the reasons we've invested so heavily behind it both in traditional ways, core brokerage and all of the things we do around that. The arrangements we've set up on behalf of clients but also with the investments we made in just content and insight, and Stroz Friedberg as an example, who have an extraordinary insight into sort of specific incidents and how they occurred, and why they occurred. And we're applying that to underwriting characteristics and criteria to create more opportunity for our clients. Q – [09QYVY-E Arash Soleimani]>: Thank you very much.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. And I think you summarized it very well. There might be some noise, sort of back and forth on the different revenue lines. But, again, take a step back. Literally, we feel the trajectory continues very positively on the growth side for us, again, going back over multiple years now. Going back four years, 3% and 3% going then to 4% and 4%, we think we're on a very good progression for the year. And if you look at reported overall, as a firm, even though there was noise back and forth between the revenue lines, overall the firm were at 3% organic, 8% excluding FX reported, and 13% reported. So, these are very, very strong levels that continue to reinforce the growth trajectory of Aon. And, again, we look at this as kind of a single P&L. This is Aon overall delivering a growth top line, delivering operating improvement free cash flow growth, and that set of characteristics continues to look very positive.
Gregory C. Case: Well, let me make sure I get (37:29) which I think you're asking about, specifically, and then about EMEA and the UK. On the Health side, again, this represents a category with just tremendous monumental opportunity to assist clients that's currently strong and it's increasing. It's a category you've seen us invest in substantially, both organically and by M&A. Think about what we've done in the exchanges as well as M&A, things like Admix. We grew at 7% in 2017. And just to your point, we see 2018 as yet another year of similar growth in progress. So, all good things. There was a very strong comparable; 15% in 2017, and that was just some specific one-time initiatives to support clients, which were terrific, but as we think about the year very, very strong in terms of how that's progressing. And then, on EMEA, we just have an exceptionally strong team in EMEA and the UK. And they've done fantastically well; double-digit new business growth, which has been absolutely spectacular, sort of, across the region and in the U.K. We've also added capability. As I talked before about our two acquisitions, they've also come online and done exceptionally well. So, for us, this is just an area of opportunity and it continues to build, and we expect that progression to continue.
Gregory C. Case: Well, on the Health side, it was really more around – again, as we implement major programs for clients, occasionally, there are programs that – particularly, around some of the exchange work we do that are one-time, and the conversions, and we had a number of those in the first quarter 2017, which was terrific. But again, it drove a 15% organic number in Q1. Again, if you think about we ended up 7% for the year and that's what we see progressing over time. And on the Retirement side, it was really more around, as we described, it was really more timing than a specific project and the timing was around, again, different initiatives we take on behalf of clients and how were awarded on behalf of clients that are going to roll into the second half of the year – not the second quarter, but the second half of the year, that will fully balance out. And again, no change to overall projection and views on the year in that category.
Gregory C. Case: Thanks very much, everyone. I really appreciate you being part of the call and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. The thing I'd say, Dave, is we do see margins continuing to accelerate, and there are a number of things driving that. One, obviously, is bringing together the Aon operating model under one operating model. And you can see the progress there in terms of the savings, $165 million of restructuring savings in 2017. We're on track to deliver the $300 million of savings in 2018 and, again, on track to deliver the $450 million of savings next year in 2019. So, that's obviously contributing to margin expansion. The second thing I'd say is we are continuing to improve on the core margins of our business through great work across the whole of Aon, which is just terrific. And the third I'd say, which is really the area Greg highlighted, which is we continue to invest in higher revenue growth, higher margin, higher return on capital areas, which is building leverage into the business. And I think Data & Analytics is the best example of that. It's a very high margin business, and that is translating through the higher free cash flow growth. So, we're very excited about the future growth in revenue, margins, and free cash flow.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So, Sarah at the time of the transaction in May 2017 we gave guidance of exceeding $7.97 EPS in 2018 as you said. We're not updating guidance on a quarterly basis based on tax headwinds, FX tailwinds or frankly much stronger operating performance. We do believe we're on track to exceed $7.97 and the results in Q1 demonstrate this.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes. I think that's absolutely right, Sarah. What I would say is if you look at free cash flow, we've got a use of cash on restructuring, we've got a use of cash on dividends and then that is essentially cash available for share repurchase, investment in organic opportunities and investment in M&A. And as you've seen, we continue to invest in share repurchase, because it remains the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon. And then the other thing I would note, Sarah, is as we grow operating income and free cash flow over the long term, you should expect that we'll grow debt to keep that debt to EBITDA in line with the ratio I outlined.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Arash, we do believe that 19% is the correct rate for the full year 2018. And so, what you're really seeing is a lower tax rate in Q1 and then a higher tax rate in Q2, Q3 and Q4 to average to 19% for the year.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes. One of the things we would say, Elyse is, as we look at our revenue growth for the quarter, I know you're focused on organic, we really focus on total because M&A is absolutely contributing to top line and bottom line performance, and we're incredibly excited about the $1 billion of M&A we did in 2016 and the $1 billion that we did in 2017. And so, as we look at the 13% revenue growth for the quarter, that is absolutely contributing to margin expansion and we do expect margins to continue to expand in the second half of the year – well, in the balance of the year for full-year margin expansion. And if you think about the progress on margins for the full year, that will continue to occur as the savings ramp in the balance of the year.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes. So, Elyse, we haven't given revenue or margin guidance from the acquisitions. What I would say on reported revenue is, if you look at the last 10 years, reported revenue has been 6% CAGR. And so, that's a pretty good way to model revenue and, certainly, the way we think about it. Obviously, we're looking at the components of that, that are driven from organic versus M&A versus FX, but 6% reported is not a bad way to think about it because it's happened over a 10-year period of time. As we think about margins, they're typically lower on a full year basis in the first year because we've got a bunch of integration costs associated with them. And so that's definitely a way to think about acquisitions as they come in. They'll contribute to revenue. They will be a little lower margin in the first year, and then obviously, for us to do M&A, it has to have a return on capital higher than buyback. And so, it's certainly going to contribute in the long term.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: That is exactly right, Elyse. So, what we would say is our long-term growth of free cash flow is double digits. If you take the $1.8 billion in 2017, we will grow double digits this year. And as you think about uses of free cash flow, 2018 is the peak year for restructuring the use of cash. And so as restructuring tails off in 2019 and every year off that, you'll see free cash flow accelerate.
