Gregory C. Case: We don't talk overall, Adam, sort of a specific region, but as we would describe is, net-net, expectations for the year continue to be exactly where they were as we left off last year, kind of low mid-single digits across the board for the year. U.S. was stronger than Europe for obvious reasons when you think about discretionary spend and how clients are reacting under the current situations they're in. But the underlying programs we've put in place to build client retention and obtain new clients, strong in the U.S., strong in Europe, and obviously, the headwinds are a bit stronger in Europe than the U.S.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, if you step back and think about the exchanges overall, remember we've got a retiree exchange. Navigators has actually been in place and is working very, very well with a pipeline that's growing. You're referring to the corporate exchange, and you're exactly right. We were the first to put a multi-carrier exchange in place and actually bring it live. And we brought it live with clients in the last renewal period. And as you just described, having done that successfully, all those clients are referenceable, very positive reaction. As you might expect with a proven concept, that has tremendous benefits for companies and even for employees over time, you're getting a lot more demand in the context than we saw last year. Exactly what we expected. Let's say, from our standpoint, what we want to do is continue to grow and build out that -- the exchanges on the corporate side. The team's done a terrific job in doing that. We've got a very robust pipeline going into this renewal season, and we expect to continue to see that grow and see the return from that investment. So from our standpoint, it's going exactly as we had expected, with probably even a little more robust demand than we thought. And certainly, as you look at the competitive environment, you're seeing a lot of other folks think about this space as well.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, Brian, as we've looked at this, this really is a client solution, first and foremost. It's a client solution, as we've described it, that brings AA+ rated capacity into the market in a way it's never been brought into the market before. I would also say, as I know you know, RIMS is just concluding now on the West Coast, and the client reaction from the announcement has actually been quite positive. If you think about it, if you're a client in an area of constrained capital, this is now another area of capacity that just wasn't there before. As we've described, so it's truly a focus on kind of client need and client benefit. As we've also talked with Lloyd's about is, currently is linked to Lloyd's. So it really, we think, will actually provide some positive momentum into the Lloyd's marketplace overall, and we're going to continue to discuss it with them. Lloyd's is, obviously, a very important partner, and we're going to continue to work with our partners to serve our clients. But at its coal face [ph], this is truly a client-focused effort, and it's beginning to play out exactly like that.
Gregory C. Case: Well, listen, again, back to -- here, our focus really is on the client-serving capability of this. And by the way, Lloyd's is also a very client service-focused partner as well in the context of what we do. So from our standpoint, we see this as a net positive overall. We're obviously in active conversations, as we are with Lloyd's. We're roughly 22%, 23% of Lloyd's business overall, so I think probably the single largest partner with Lloyd's. So it's a very, very important partner. But in the context of that, we think this initiative is going to be very -- it has already been extremely client-friendly and beneficial. And in that context, it really reflects the strength of our data and analytics and our approach to the overall market that we can bring to bear on behalf of clients that others haven't been able to do. So that's how we've looked at it, that's how it's playing out, and we're going to keep focused on client benefit.
Gregory C. Case: So Jay, as we -- if you step back and think about the year overall, don't overplay in any single quarter too much, our view is exactly as we left off in the fourth quarter of last year. And really, it's true for top line and bottom line. We think it's going to be mid-single digits for the year across -- from a growth standpoint, both in the Consulting side and in the Outsourcing side. We saw a little more pressure than expected in the first quarter. There are -- there's a couple things that were timing, a couple things that were sort of client discretionary pressure in Europe, as we described before. But the takeaway we want you to have from this call is that we really expect low-single digits for the year overall, and that's fully online. And as Christa described as well, we expect the same on the operating income growth side too, low-single digits.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, it's a little bit of stuff that will come in later, as we described before, but it's also a little bit more on the seasonality side as we've pushed on the healthcare exchanges, and those are going to be more of a fourth quarter event than they are a first quarter event. But net-net, as we look at the years, as I said, we expect low single-digit growth on the top line, both on the Consulting side and the Outsourcing side, and that hasn't changed at all.
Gregory C. Case: No, the -- as you think about the patterning of revenue across Aon, this is really what you're describing is truly focused on Risk and not on HR Solutions. So if you think about our Risk business overall, the first quarter is very important from a European standpoint. The fourth quarter is very important from an Americas and a U.S. Retail standpoint. So that's how the Risk business plays out. So that commentary was directly focused on Risk and not HR Solutions.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, and if -- you're exactly right. If you parse the two, stay on risk for a second, 3%, we feel good about across international, always like it to be stronger. International also includes Asia and Pacific. Those are particularly strong. I want to be clear, there is real headwind in Europe. Our colleagues are doing a great job fighting through that with very, very strong positions we have in the marketplace, managing the renewal book. So there's real pressure there. There's certainly less pricing benefit, if any, in that theater. So there's real pressure there, and our colleagues have done a good job sort of overcoming that to kind of get to the 3% outcome. And as I said before, certainly, positively impacted by Asia and Pacific. And then as we've said on HR Solutions, we are exactly as we expect to be for the year, mid-single-digit growth across the board on Consulting and Outsourcing. A little more pressure than we thought in the first quarter, but it'll play out the same over time.
Gregory C. Case: So this really starts back to the investments we've made over a period of time, which we're rolling out globally, started in the U.S. and are now rolling out around the world. And as we have talked over the last number of quarters, we've invested heavily to put those in place. By the way, in the context of doing that, it's cost us some margin. And as those have come to fruition, we feel like we're going to get operating leverage, and that's really what you're starting to see. And that shows up in areas like Client Promise that we've rolled out, and the Revenue Engine, also areas as we've rolled out GRIP in the U.S. and now around the world. So these are fundamental investments that we believe are strengthening the business and strengthening our ability to both bring new clients in but also improve the value proposition to existing clients. And in doing so, you're going to increase retention and increase rollover. And that's really what we're seeing in the U.S. and we anticipate seeing around the world.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, what I would say is, so against -- we're not going to speak to specific competitors. But Aon is fundamentally built and has made what we believe to be unprecedented investment in content and capability that enable us to actually understand the market, measure risk and then bring the market to bear on behalf of our clients, respectfully, better than anyone else in the world. That's really the focus of the firm. You think about Aon Benfield. Aon Benfield spends in excess of $120 million a year on content and capability to help clients understand how to understand, measure risk, reduce risk, change volatility, reduce volatility. And in that regard, these are truly industry-leading investments. The purpose of these investments is to help drive better value for clients, and that shows up in multiple ways, terms, conditions, price, et cetera. And the same is true on the Retail side when you think about what we've done with the Global Risk Insight Platform. The Risk Insight platform, literally, is the single biggest database of risk information in the world. And as we mine that on behalf of our clients and better match carrier capital to client needs, we believe they benefit substantially. And if clients understand value, they'll pay for value. And that's what we're starting to see.
Gregory C. Case: Thanks. I want to thank everybody for being part of the call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Aon and look forward to the conversation next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: Yes, we do. What we would say is it's going to improve sequentially each quarter during the year. And as we gave guidance, we still think we're exactly on track for mid-single-digit operating improvements for 2013, down in the first half and up in the second half. And due to the seasonality you described, you're exactly right, that Q4 will be seasonally higher than it has been historically, primarily due to healthcare exchanges.
Christa Davies: No, it's exactly in line with what we said at the end of Q4, Brian, so we do think we're going to get the $10 million back.
Christa Davies: No, it is going to be run rate, so we've now reforecasted the unallocated expenses to be $45 million a quarter going forward.
Christa Davies: Yes, we are. And what we would say is, as we think about the year, we originally gave guidance to say that we would be down in the first half and up in the second half. We still believe that's right. And in terms of operating income patterning, it's really essentially down in Q1, essentially flat in Q2 and 3 and up in Q4. And the up in Q4 is substantial, as you described, really driven by seasonality, healthcare exchanges and restructuring savings.
Christa Davies: Yes, it's mostly fourth quarter, that's right. Really primarily driven by the seasonality, because the healthcare exchange investment and the revenue from healthcare exchange is really just showing up in Q4, makes Q4 sort of much more seasonally acute than it's previously been.
Christa Davies: Yes, we do expect to receive that benefit this year. We are continuing to make progress every quarter. And so we feel good about that progress.
Christa Davies: Look, as we continue to implement the plans, we continue to update the numbers. And you see the numbers move slightly, as we update the most accurate numbers in the press release, as you can see, and we'll have them in the Q this quarter. Overall, we are on track to receive the $355 million of savings. So exactly where they come from does shift slightly between workforce reduction and leases on a quarterly basis as we complete the activities.
