Christa Davies: Thanks so much, Greg, and good morning, everyone. In the spirit of this new format, I will cover the key metrics, and then talk for example how we’re driving operating leverage and investing in Aon, both organically and inorganically. The steps we’re taking and our strong progress here to date continues to reinforce both our short and long-term performance target. Our performance in the first half reflects organic revenue growth of 4%, an acceleration from 3% in the first half of 2017. In addition to accelerating organic growth, M&A is continuing to contribute, both improving the mix and driving total growth of a 11% for the first half of 2018. Adjusted operating margins increased 200 basis points year-to-date, an acceleration from our historic average of 70 to 80 basis points a year over the last 10 years. Accelerating revenue combined with margin expansion is delivering operating income growth, which was exceptionally strong at 20% year-to-date with core operating income growth reflecting half of the performance. EPS growth of $0.28 year-to-date places us firmly on track to exceed our short-term target of $7.97 in earnings per share for 2018. And lastly, reported free cash flow decreased $52 million year-over-year, driven by increased restructuring, reflecting this is our peak year of restructuring cash usage. Adjusting for restructuring, underlying free cash flow grew 17% year-over-year, reinforcing our commitment to double-digit free cash flow. And even stronger performance when combined with the 6% reduction in shares outstanding. Overall, the strong financial performance and long-term outlook are supported by the investments we’re making in our operating model in an Aon United way, as Greg described. Through the creation of our next generation of global business services model, we’re creating greater scalability, productivity, and operating leverage. One example is the consolidation of all of our North American call centers across our solution lines. We implemented a single industry leading cloud platform with global reach. It resulted in higher support for clients, better flexibility in managing capacity and cost savings of approximately $10 million annually. Another example is consolidating our procurement spend globally. We now manage approximately 80% of our spend or $2 billion across nine major categories in four regional hubs. That’s up from about $1 billion of spend across four categories in our two largest countries. To do this, we implemented a cloud based to pay solutions across 60 countries, supported by an offshore model. And that cloud platform is giving us greater insight into that total spend to be able to manage it more effectively over time. Through this, we’ve delivered $30 million of value in 2018. These are just two examples of the long-term margin expansion that will continue through productivity improvements from our single operating model and the remaining savings from our restructuring program. We are also making investments organically and inorganically to shift the portfolio towards higher growth, high return on capital areas. With a strong discipline against capital allocation and maximizing return on invested capital. An example of investment is in our delegated investment management business where we have added over 50 colleagues and deep research capabilities in our core strength areas of DB and DC while continue to invest and expand capabilities in broader asset pools like insurance, sovereign wealth funds in the nonprofit arena. This is driving double-digit organic growth through new client wins as well as driving significant inorganic growth with the acquisition of Townsend. Since inception, our AUM is growing from 0 to over 150 billion AUM, driven by strong performance, transparency fees and innovative solution for clients. Another example of investment is $950 million we invested in share repurchase in the first half of 2018. This remains the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon, given our valuation of Aon based on our free cash flow growth over time. In summary, acceleration in revenue growth, greater operating leverage and continued working capital improvements of $500 million over time give us confidence in our ability to deliver double-digit free cash flow growth. Double-digit free cash flow growth combined with a reduction in total shares outstanding will drive significant long-term shareholder value creation. With that, I will turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Christa Davies: Sarah, what we would say is where we’re up to year-to-date gives us a very strong confidence in being able to deliver the $300 million in savings in 2018 and the $450 million in savings in 2019. And so we're really pleased with the progress and confident about where we are up to year-to-date and we're not updating guidance for this year or next.
Christa Davies: Kai, I will certainly try to answer all those questions. So let's start with the facts. We’re up 130 basis points in margin expansion in Q2 and we are up 200 basis points in a margin expansion year-to-date. In any quarter this moment and we would highlight a few underlying drivers such as restructuring and FX as you mentioned, and with these our margins in the core standpoint are up 50 basis points year-to-date, a little more in Q1 and a little less in Q2. That said, there are other impacts as you mentioned in the quarter. We have a minus 60 basis points impact from M&A and a minus 30 basis point impact from FX, and a minus 30 basis point impact from timing from E&O. And so we have got sort of substantial headwinds in the quarter in addition to the investments we're making in growth. And so it's -- while it's easy to strip out certain items in and out of the quarter, we do manage margins overall for the year and that's why we feel very strongly about our margin expansion year-to-date at 200 basis points, and it gives us confidence at our full-year margin expansion and as you described leading to margin expansion in 2019 and beyond. And so, 2018 margin expansion will be driven by accelerating organic revenue growth, mix shift and operating leverage, both coming from restructuring and productivity.
Christa Davies: Yes, it is, Yaron. So what I would say is as we look at the full-year 2018 and the second half, we are going to drive margin expansion through organic growth, continued investment in M&A, mix shift across the portfolio as we continue to invest in higher growth, higher margin areas. The operational leverage we're getting in our business both from restructuring and the productivity we are getting from the Aon United operating model.
Christa Davies: Yes. So what I would say is look I wouldn’t over [indiscernible] on M&A in anyone quarter. I would say over the course of the year, we expect investments we are making organically and inorganically in the business to contribute to margin expansion.
Christa Davies: It certainly is, Yaron. So we feel really confident about exceeding $7.97 for 2018, driven by core performance, restructuring savings, the returns on the investments we have made in M&A and allocation of capital.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, Adam, what I would say is we are not giving new cash flow target. What we have said is we are going to drive free cash flow on a double-digit basis. You can see that on underlying basis year-to-date of 17%, which we’re very pleased with. And what you have seen and you will see in calendar year 2018 is we’re at a peak year of restructuring cash usage. So you will see free cash flow on a reported basis accelerate in 2019 and that reported and adjusted free cash flow will start to come together in 2019 as the restructuring cash outlay winds down. As we think about free cash flow growth the longer term, you’re really going to have operating income growth plus improvements in working capital. We really outlined about $500 million of working capital primarily receivable sitting in our balance sheet, that we will free up over the next couple of years that will contribute to strong cash flow growth and strong double-digit great cash flow growth combined with the reduction in shares will dramatically increase free cash flow per share over time.
Christa Davies: So, we have given specific guidance on CapEx. And what we have said is CapEx is elevated in the current year and next due to the restructuring program and that is coming down and then pension is also coming down over time.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, Meyer, the first thing I would say yes the M&A impact from last year does not impact organic. It adds to organic and so it doesn't reflect. And if you think about the M&A we did in 2017, most of it was in Q4. And so what you will -- what's showing up in organic this year is not M&A related to last year. There may be some portion of it that shows up in Q4, but some of the acquisitions were done in December Q4. So very little will show up this year. And then as we think about sort of the FX, we don't really break out the impact by solution lines, but it's fair to say we do have a local revenue and expenses in 120 countries. And so we generally prefer a weaker U.S dollar. And the big exception to that for us, Meyer, is the pound, but what you’re seeing I think in the FX headwind in Q3 and Q4 is primarily related to Latin America.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, Elyse, what we would say is we can't discuss the specific litigation. But one other things you should get comfort from is we have taken a number of steps over time to reduce volatility at Aon. We have put in place limits of liabilities. We've purchased additional insurance and what you will see when we file our Q later today is that we’ve decreased the estimated losses related to disclosed litigation from $300 million to $100 million as a result of the actions we are taking. And so we're dramatically reducing really legacy litigation as we continue to take steps to drive growth across the firm.
Christa Davies: Sure. So the first thing I would say, Elyse, is we don't give guidance on the FX impact on margin. It's frankly pretty difficult to predict. But what we can say is that on an EPS basis, we expect $0.03 impact in Q3 and a $0.03 impact in Q4, primarily driven by Latin America. And then what we would say is we did have an impact as you mentioned, minus 60 basis points from M&A in Q2. We would expect over the course of the year for that to neutralize. I think we have spoken previously when you do M&A, the first year of integration is largely a negative impact on margin. And so, as you integrate the business and then longer term, it for sure drives margin expansion, because we are investing in high revenue growth, high margin area. So I hope that helps.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, but I would say, Elyse, is our results actually reflect solid growth in our core actuary retirement business. So we are very pleased we got a fantastic team serving clients. And it's driven by an increase in volume and rates across North America and EMEA. We're really helping clients solve a lot of pension issues around derisking, taking risk off the table, given interest rates j risen. And so there is a lot of opportunities for us to do that with clients and we are very pleased with the progress we are making to date. And, Elyse, it reflects a lot of other things that we're doing in our own pension plan at Aon as we continue to take risk off the table as you've seen, given the rise in interest rates and the ability to do that in the marketplace today.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, Kai, it's a great question. And what we would say is as we think about cash flow over the course of the year, our strongest cash flow quarters have always been Q3 and Q4 and that remains true. So as you think about cash in second half of the year, it will be stronger in terms of just cash flow from operations. And then as we think about uses of cash, obviously, as we allocate cash to different activities, we are going to do it based on ROIC. And so what you're going to see is we will continue to allocate cash to buyback, because it remains our highest return on capital opportunity across the firm. You will see us continue to invest in M&A and organically as the return on capital opportunities are substantial. And then you did see us increase leverage slightly and we return to 2016 levels over the course of time. And then what you will see on debt really is as EBITDA grows we will continue to add debt, keeping our leverage ratio aligned.
Christa Davies: Yes. Well I would say, Kai, we don’t normally give guidance. When we announced the transaction in May 2017, that drove amazing benefits to shareholders, left Aon with a portfolio with higher revenue growth, higher margin, higher return on capital and a terrific cash benefit to shareholders, $3 billion. We really at that point in time, May last year, wanted to be clear that we would exceed EPS guidance for 2018. EPS is up 28% year-to-date and we feel confident about exceeding the $7.97 for 2018 and we're not updating guidance.
Christa Davies: Yaron, I think you are hoping for a level of guidance on M&A that we are probably just not going to give. What I would say overall is as we think about M&A, the first year M&A integration is largely negative on margins, you saw that particularly show in Q2. Over the course of the full-year, it will be a little less than what you saw in Q2. And then over time what you see is M&A from previous years, example 2016 starts to contribute to margins, and so you have a mix shift going on. Of course, we are investing in higher margins businesses, in the businesses we bring into the firm, so that will contribute positively to margin over time. The last thing I would say on margins is, we do expect -- we are up 200 basis points year-to-date in margins. We expect margin expansion in the second half of the year to contribute to $7.97 exceeding EPS guidance for the year.
Gregory C. Case: So first of all, Sarah, I hope you like the format, love to get your comments, thoughts, if we can make it more helpful to you, but again we are trying to provide a little more perspective on sort of the long-term underpinning as sort of what's driving results. And this idea on Aon United is exactly at the core of what you're asking about. Aon United is growth for us. It really is about accelerating organic growth, that plus M&A we think is a very, very strong engine. And this idea of Aon United really fundamentally emanates from a client need, client view. They have talked to us about sort of how their needs are changing. They made it very clear when we bring our firm more effectively. It's very, very powerful. And if you think about that, we have done a number of things to reinforce this in an -- organically around the firm. Things like Aon Client Promise we have talked about or the Aon Impact model on how our colleagues conduct themselves. Things like articulating value, a whole series of things. But more recently, you have seen us take structural move. This is the new news. This is the news of the quarter, if you will, in terms of sort of how we're taking something we have done for a while and really accelerating it and it underpins organic growth. So we expect a continued progression. If you think about the last four years, 3%, 4%, and we have got momentum still building on that and we expect it to continue.
Gregory C. Case: Look, Kai, as we’ve said before, listen, our strategy, our approach is not to rely on market condition. Our approach is to rely on client needs and to address and to deliver on client need. And you have seen us consistently do that quarter-after-quarter. And to Sarah's question, we now believe we have the mechanism in place to accelerate that. And what you saw in the quarter overall from a market standpoint, look, at the end of the day we still continue to see exposures are modestly positive, the impact from pricing on average flat. There are spikes in different places, but on average basically modest. So this isn't about the market per se, this is about what we're doing to gather --- win more clients, retain more with those clients, we call it rollover doing more with them, rollover. So from our standpoint, we're going to continue to build that profile. I just would note, you saw real moment in commercial risk, you saw real moment in the reinsurance world, in the health world, real moment in the retirement world in terms of what we're trying to do. And so for us, what we have in place is designed to drive organic growth. And what we do know for sure is client need around the world is substantial and continues to grow. And so while we may lead a number of these markets, the world that we live in and our set of competitors are massively underpenetrated. So we believe there is substantial opportunity irrespective of market conditions to drive organic growth.
Gregory C. Case: So, Kai, they’re not on the call today, but what we will do next is to tee up. We will actually start the call next time on sort of operational implications of Aon United. Eric and Michael comment on those directly sort of all the things that are happening in the marketplace, sort of on a positive way and sort of how they’re leading and managing that and how it's coming through. I think what you're going to find is you talk to them is the opportunity here is so substantial. Again, the client need is great. This is all driven on client need and when our colleagues get around the table and talk about client issues, and those colleague has come from the full complement or capability we’ve got, we create all kinds of possibilities. And even when there is not a commercial outcome, the client thinks about us differently. So fundamentally when we deliver Aon United capability, client perception changes and economics change, growth changes. So I think you're going to hear a lot about that. They can also talk a little bit about sort of the Aon Operating Committee they pull together, that really gives us a chance to sort of think about Aon United types of decisions in a way we have never done before. So a lot of momentum on this. And what we are excited about, I think you will hear it in their conversation is again we worked this for a decade on a number of different things we have done to create the conditions. Now we are taking structural change. Now we are doing things like the Aon Operating Committee, like the co-presidents, like the single P&L, like the single brand. These are things we have never done before that we believe will accelerate a proven concept and drive organic growth. So I agree with you. There will be two highlights, Eric and Mike for the next call.
Gregory C. Case: And I would say, overall, Yaron, sort of we are continuing to build momentum sort of on the organic growth side. If you think about sort of where we’ve come in the first half of the year, very, very positive. The second half, we think we will have continued progress. There are a couple of categories, the reinsurance 8% sort of in the quarter when we have done for the first half. We are also going to be -- by the way up against a high comp in the second half. We also had some events that happened sort of last year that may or may not happen. Assuming they don't happen, there obviously be some -- there will be a little bit of a headwind to get some of those comps. But frankly we are going to continue to push and build momentum there. On data analytics, on the other side of the equation were negative for the quarter as you see when we talked about its due to a single incident and we expect the second half to be more positive. So there are lots of puts and takes through the course of the year, but you can expect us to continue build momentum sort of on the organic growth side.
Gregory C. Case: Again, Adam, step back and essentially think about sort of what we have done, as we described in the first quarter, we just have continued momentum in the first half of the year across all aspects of the business. Certainly like to benefit sort of the work the team has done around the world, terrific. In H&B, the work the team has done is terrific, but really across the board sort of in the exchange businesses as well. So it just continuing momentum on the health side. So the -- if you sort of think about what we have done historically sort of in health for the year, last year at 7%, we ended the quarter as you see, 7%. So you’re just seeing the momentum overall. It really is performance across the board.
Gregory C. Case: Listen, Meyer, this is -- this -- I would also don't want to overplay. This is one example I pulled out sort of a last week example. Our team is bringing solutions. So forget sort of the traditional kind of strategic consulting firms, full respect to them, but our team is bringing solutions. They not only bought a diagnosis of the situation, which frankly open the eyes of the client, they brought a way to actually enable the client's strategy. And in this case, my gosh, without that there is a lot more risk in the process. So we have moved very much sort of around -- sort of a solution approach. You combine that with our data and analytics, we have in each one of the categories, we will bring to bear a set of -- the ammunition is amazing. It is always been amazing out there sort of the capability we have got in the data analytics on the commercial side, on the reinsurance, on the retirement side, on the health side, we have just got an incredible platform to sort of draw from. And what we have done before is taken that platform and pull it together and brought it and put it in front of the clients in a thoughtful way. Aon Client Promise gave us, Meyer, the basis of how much we can do that. It's a systematic way, we listen to clients, understand their needs, and react to those. And what we're doing is now breaking down structural barriers and make it easier for our colleagues to come together and talk about clients. And we just -- there is another example I could use, which is European headquartered, multinational building products company. You would know it very, very well and frankly had a very good relationship with them on the risk side, but they are under some real pressure from a performance standpoint. Our team brought together a full complement of folks from across our solution lines and came up with sort of whole way for them to think about their benefits for their colleagues, for their employees, and did it in a way that we believe will increase engagement. And it was a 50, 60 country answer. The client never would have thought about it and for god sake never would have thought anybody could execute it until we sat around the table, we got up 10 passports, talking about what we can bring to the table, from 10 different countries, I mean. And so, there is just so much opportunity and it's -- in so many respects, Meyer, it's so obvious and so clear, but doggone hard to execute. You’re getting colleagues to sort of work together in ways they haven't before, bringing expertise in a more integrated way and we have to break down the barriers to do that. And as I said, we have proven this works exceptionally well. We have done it in one-off different situations. Now the new news, which you're hearing is, we're taking various structural steps to make it easier for our colleagues to do this. And the beauty is when it happens, it doesn't have too result as I said before, in commercial gratification immediately. This is changing the dialogue with clients. Our colleagues love doing that. It's reinforcing, it's contagious. It's in fact -- it's a wonderful sort of outcome. And so, all the capability, ours is that we have the leadership will to make it happen, and that's what we are excited about.
Gregory C. Case: Elyse, as you know, we don't give specific guidance on sort of the growth profile and what it is going look like what you have seen it and fully agree with you on, so the quarters will be variable when you sort of saw things move around in the quarter. But over the course of the year, the first six months, it really is about continued momentum. And our goal each year is to sort of continue to build momentum. We have the structure in place to do that, the investments in place to do that. And that's really what we intend to do for '18 and into '19 and into '20. I want to emphasize again that for us this is not about pricing, this is really about what we do in the marketplace on behalf of clients to drive long-term value. That's going to be the driver of growth for us by far and sort of pricing and insured value sort of are important to understand, but are not going to be the drivers for us. And so you will see our anticipation is continuing momentum on the growth side in '18 and in '19.
Gregory C. Case: Listen, Paul, let me step and we would say overall market conditions are -- continued to be if you’re going to think about this from a one standpoint, challenge from the stand -- there is plenty of capital out there, lots of opportunity to serve our clients on that beyond -- on behalf. But if you look at our fundamental results on the reinsurance side, they continuous to be the basics. It is success in treaty, its success in fact, it success in insurance length securities, it's across the board. By the way it's another quarter of net new business win for us when you think about where we are. The data analytics, our team has is, its exceptional and just reflect back, a few years ago on these calls, everyone was asking about what about growth, what about growth, I just would just remind you there was a time when you literally were talking to the number one place in the world on treaty and basically property with 6% of the revenues and by the way a big chunk of that was in the U.S and those prices were down massively, and we are still net new wins. And so all those fundamentals are sort of in place and have been for a couple of years and continue to build and sort of you're seeing that result. And again, I would say obviously the result for the quarter is exceptional. We would ask you to sort of think about over the course of the year and our view is it's just reflects on 2018 versus 2017 versus 2016 and reinsurance you're going to see momentum.
Gregory C. Case: Just want to say, on behalf of Christa, I appreciate everybody being part of the call today. As we said at the beginning, we took a bit different approach today, different format, trying to give you a view which sort of highlight some of the long-term efforts we’re taking or efforts that we think will impact the long-term success of the firm. So hopefully you found it helpful. If you have thoughts or comments or other ways we could sort of do this or create this kind of perspective, let us know. But really appreciate being part of the call today and look forward to our conversation next quarter. Thanks very much.
