Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, there are really 3 things that are driving the Q4 timing, being sort of more seasonally Q4-orientated than previous years. The first is the seasonality of exchanges. And we've described previously that almost 100% of the exchange revenue gets recognized in Q4, so you have quite a substantial portion of revenue, as you just outlined. The second is the unfavorable revenue mix shift we've seen related to benefits administration, as Greg described, is really declining. It is impacting Q4. And the third is the savings from restructuring are really increasing in Q4. So those 3 things are really driving Q4 timing being substantially higher than previous years.
Christa Davies: I mean, a very big portion of it is health care exchanges, Michael. And I guess what I would also outline is you did see approximately $20 million of timing in terms of expenses and investments in Q3 that otherwise might have occurred in Q4.
Christa Davies: Yes. And look, what we've given, Michael, is really full year guidance in terms of mid-single-digit operating income growth for the full year. We feel very confident about being able to deliver that. And we have full line of sight, given we are actually in annual enrollment period for health care exchanges at the moment. And so that's really the level of guidance we've given so far.
Christa Davies: It's really in our benefits administration risk business. And we've had pricing compression in that business for a number of years. It's been exactly as we expected. And that's really the main component of that.
Christa Davies: And the only other thing I'd add, Meyer, is clearly we are investing in high-growth areas like health care exchanges. And we've openly said that we are losing money in health care exchanges this year. And so if you think about it, you've got a high-growth area that's losing money, and so that contributes to a negative impact on your margins. But we feel really good about that business. We are incredibly well positioned. We have complete end-to-end solutions across the health care spectrum for clients and employees. And we feel like that investment will be our highest return on capital investment across the company.
Christa Davies: Yes, so if you look at Page 11 of the slide deck, we do have our estimated pension contributions for 2014 onwards. There obviously is sensitivity to those contributions based on market returns, interest rates and FX. And obviously, rising interest rates could be upside to those. But it's likely to be sort of still declining over time.
Christa Davies: Yes. And when we report Q4 earnings, we'll update these tables with the new measurement based on 12/31/2013, which is really the only official time we measure during the year.
Christa Davies: We actually think, Jay, at scale, the margins in this business are far more attractive than the average margins across our HR business, hence why we've invested so much in this area and why we believe it's one of the highest return areas across the company.
Christa Davies: It's really about number of active participants in the exchange, because really what happens, Jay, is you have a cost of customer acquisition in year 1, and then you get improved margins in year 2 based on renewal. And then really, you have sort of some level of fixed investment on which you need to get a return, based on the number of employees. And we expect margin expansion and greater return on that investment in 2014.
Christa Davies: We've got 330,000 active employees enrolled this year, which covers approximately 600,000, including dependents. And we feel like we're well on track to get scale.
Christa Davies: I would say that buyback is a reflection in our confidence about the outlook for the company. As you know, Jay, we allocate cash based on the highest return on capital options across Aon, and share repurchase is the highest. As we look out over the next 5 years, we think that free cash flow could double over the next 5 years as we look at hitting our long-term margin target, decrease cash on pension and restructuring and decreasing the global tax rate. And so as we think about that, we're not giving specific guidance, but you can look at history as a guide.
Christa Davies: I would not use it as a run rate, Jay. I would say as we get excess capital, we deploy it to the highest use of cash that we can find. And that's what happened this quarter.
Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, Paul, really primarily investments we had under long-term investments on our balance sheet. And you can see that number coming down over time. If you reflect back 2 years, that number was over $300 million. It's now closer to $100 million. And we're really just trying to sell off investments to receive the cash to actually put the cash to better work for shareholders.
Christa Davies: Yes, I mean, they're really sort of long-term investments and percentage ownerships in things that have been on the book for a long time.
Christa Davies: So I would describe the Q3 tax rate as including discrete items. And so I think as we think about sort of the tax rate going forward, we're not giving guidance on tax rate going forward, we've said previously that we expect the tax rate over the long term to decrease by more than 500 basis points from the point at which we redomiciled the company to the U.K. And that's really the level of guidance we're giving.
Christa Davies: Really just true-ups from our previous years' tax filings, certain regulatory changes, things like that.
Christa Davies: So we've obviously given outlook for capital expenditure on Page 11 of the slide deck. And what I would say is we manage CapEx like we manage any other investment across the business. We manage it on a return on capital basis. We do have a capital-light business. And the capital we spend is primarily on sort of IT and investments in software. And obviously, we are making investments in data and analytics. And that does have CapEx related to it. And we expect that to continue. And so we will continue to evaluate our CapEx spend and invest as we get great return from it.
Christa Davies: Elyse, what we think is, as you know, we are making a loss this year. We will improve performance in terms of profitability next year. And really, what you should look for is the HR Solutions operating income growth, which is mid-single-digits in '13 and greater than mid-single-digits in '14.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. Literally, it was just a match of timing in terms of expense versus revenue. So net-net for the year, Meyer, as we said, growth overall, low single digits as we sort of finish out the overall year, but no effect on the bottom line.
Gregory C. Case: And as we said, Meyer, basically it begins to roll off 3 [ph], [indiscernible] more benefit, in '14, more benefit. I think the key theme, though, coming back to Christa's point, if you think about the business overall for the year, we're going to achieve what we hope to achieve, mid-single-digit operating income growth and then the ability to kind of invest strategically in a number of platforms, which we're funding as part of that, through the P&L.
Gregory C. Case: So Brian, the entire 330,000 is in the active exchange. As we've talked before, we're very pleased. As you think about sort of how we've developed that platform, last year, we had 3 clients. This year, we have 18, so 15 new, 1/2 of that group coming on are actually new names to Aon and Aon Hewitt. And in that context, it's 330,000 new employees and really 600,000 lives in total if you include dependents.
Gregory C. Case: Retirement continues to progress very, very well. In fact, if you look across the spectrum, it's really as exactly as Christa described in the context of we've got a full range of solutions. We've got the most complete range of solutions. And whether you're talking across large corporate, middle market, small and retiree markets, it really is a broad set of solutions. And we've been very pleased with the understanding, adoption and now enrollment on both the active and the retiree side.
Gregory C. Case: It's not a barrier at all, Adam, quite the reverse, we think it's a big opportunity. When you think about what it means to bring together an exchange, you've got to be able to understand, design it, the brokerage that goes into it, administer it, and frankly, also risk control on the back end, when you think about what it means to pull together an integrated exchange. And I've just described the fundamental capabilities of Aon, Aon Corporation and Aon Hewitt. And that's really what's been a huge benefit for us is we actually brought what is a true set of innovative concepts to market. And for us, the exciting part has been the validation by very large corporate, sophisticated clients who know this space exceptionally well. We were very careful to make sure we were actually refining this, evaluating this across industries. We're very pleased to report a range of industries, clients that represent a range of industries came on board: retail, wholesale, professional services, hospitality, et cetera. So we would say from that standpoint, really the strength of the assets of Aon have really brought this together. Also remember, we already serve 6.5 million active employees on the benefits administration health side. That basis has been developed over many, many years. And the knowledge and understanding of that has served us exceptionally well as we've launched the exchanges.
Gregory C. Case: You'll have to be your own judge on that. We're going to focus on our clients and on Aon. But this is an exciting set of platforms that are coming onboard. But as you're really indicating, they really do require a lot of expertise and capability across a range of areas.
Gregory C. Case: Well, you come back to the fundamental principle, this is truly about client need and what they're trying to accomplish. And our clients having -- facing a set of health care challenges and issues that just continue to increase, 8% to 9% growth year-over-year. If you look over the last 5 years, a 19% increase in pay versus an 82%, 83% increase in health care costs. So the willingness, if you've got a solution that really helps their employees, because that really is the focal point for our clients and our companies, that helps their employees understand, have greater transparency, have greater choice and really can start to think about ways they can modify their behavior and control their health care spend at the individual and company level, that's what's really created a set of opportunities for us. And it's been very, very positive. And as I said before, we've done, as we've introduced this to a very sophisticated set of clients and carriers, understand, we've got 20 carriers represented on our exchange, 11 new this year. So the uptick, to your specific question, was very strong early on. And then after we actually launched the first 3, as we did the first year, the interest was exponentially higher. And now having brought 18 new on, you can imagine the interest is also growing. And only because we've got a solution that actually helps them succeed. And that's what we're excited about.
Gregory C. Case: Not at all. In fact, what we really want to emphasize here, there's a lot of discussion out there using the word exchange, and they mean very, very different things to different people. So it's really important you parse it up and really understand the specific definitions. And when we said that we've got a full range of solutions, so we will cut across and actually focus on clients against their specific set of needs, what's exciting about the fully insured multi-carrier exchange is it does a number of things that just frankly don't exist in the market today. And we're associated with it because we have the only one that exists in the market today, fully insured, multiple carriers. And if you're talking to a currently self-insured large employer, which most of them are, so they've all actually made the decision, done the analysis themselves and decided the fully insured option was, in fact, the best option to help them succeed. And they saw opportunities to reduce their trend. They saw opportunities to [indiscernible] in cost, opportunities to reduce volatility. They saw something that actually created for their employee something that would be, create greater transparency, had a very clear view on options that they would have. And then the sophisticated employers also saw that they were creating greater alignment between the carriers and actually bringing their innovative solutions to help their employees change behavior. So you've really got a carrier now in the mix with their solutions to help employers become healthier, but they've really got a lot of emphasis and alignment behind that. So really, we've sat across the table from most of the larger companies that are self-insured, have done the analysis, looked at it, and that's actually where the greatest interest is. And as I said, we've got a full range of solutions. But this fully insured, multi-carrier solution is the only one of its kind today, and that's certainly created a lot of interest.
Gregory C. Case: So what we said before, overall, the economics on both sides are going to be beneficial and they're going to continue to evolve. And as I said, if you step back, just go where Christa was at the beginning, think about we're going to be able to put this up, get it going, really build a platform in a very, we think, a significant high-growth area and deliver mid-single-digit operating performance in '13 and greater than mid-single in '14. So it's, we think, a very positive set of developments.
Gregory C. Case: It really just reflects our focal point and our goal is risk and people. The clients understand, measure and mitigate risk and everything around people, pensions, retirement, health and benefits, talent and rewards. And this portfolio of investments, while have been on the books for a long time, isn't directly connected to that strategy. And therefore, in the appropriate times, we'll divest and invest that cash back into the business.
Gregory C. Case: Some examples, we made a number of acquisitions over the years. Some of those acquisitions comes with partial ownership of other companies that aren't on track at all. That's one example of one. And again, our evaluation was we had a $300 million portfolio that wasn't helping us succeed day-to-day in the risk and people mission of the firm. And we said when there's an appropriate time and an opportunity, we'll exit those investments and invest it back into the business. And it comes, as Christa said, from an entire range of things, different private equity holdings over time, again, subsidiaries of companies that we bought. And so we've just made a concerted effort, as we invest back into risk and people, to focus everything we can on that.
Gregory C. Case: Again, we'd come back, Josh, to the fundamental principle, helping companies help their employees. And I really want to stress, to reflect on the conversations with the current companies that have decided to come onto our exchange, fundamental to their discussion was how do we help our employees. Because no one, I think, would describe the current health care system as efficient. And if you look across that system and say, how can it become more efficient, fundamentals of that is actually giving employees greater choice, but also providing incentives and accountability for them to change behavior and hopefully become healthier. And so this is really what the companies are focused on and this is really what our private exchange gives them. And the fully insured multi-carrier exchange for large corporate carriers or large companies, I should say, really provides that benefit and increases alignment in ways I've described before, that really puts insured -- the insurance carriers behind that mission. So it creates cost opportunity, as much as can be a cost advantage, but really, the companies are thinking about their employees and also the ability to help them make better decisions. So from our standpoint, we feel very good about that value proposition. I would also say the complication in all the different aspects that have to come together to make that viable and meaningful and compelling are quite substantial. So in our view, we hope the public exchanges succeed. We collectively need them to succeed. But for our companies and who we serve every day, obviously a different group, we feel very, very comfortable about our current value proposition. And as Christa has already described, we're investing very, very heavily behind it. So our level of innovation is going to be substantial over the coming years, so feel good about what that value proposition is going to look like today, and I suspect it will even feel better, what it looks like in 2017.
Gregory C. Case: Again, it's possible. But when we come back and you look at the fundamentals, there are 122 million active employees out there today. Those employers have literally said they're going to continue to really take on the responsibility of providing coverage. And a large portion of those are really going to be looking to exchanges. We see that actually grow over time. And really for us, the large employer has really been the focal point. And the set of solutions, they're going to make a choice on the best outcome, the best set of solutions, and we feel very good about the program we've got right now and the platform we pulled together. Again, you think about it, 18 companies really did the evaluation, very thorough, all the pros, all the cons, at the forefront of this opportunity and felt very comfortable and comfortable enough to bring their employees on it today. And these are very sophisticated companies, who've actually looked ahead and made all the tradeoffs that you're asking about. So we feel good about where we are. But we've got to keep innovating, investing and we've got to keep up and our companies help their clients succeed -- or their employees succeed, I should say.
Gregory C. Case: Well, I would say, getting back on the corporate exchange, again, part of what's happening is the definition of exchanges are very, very widely varied. So I want to really emphasize that. And if you go back to kind of what an exchange means, we have really the only fully insured multi-carrier exchange at this point in time. So there are lots of other exchange options around self-insureds that will be talked about, but it just is kind of apples and oranges at this point from a value proposition. And on the retiree exchange, our Navigators group has done an exceptional job. We've got 46 clients now serving approximately 300,000 folks. And that will continue to grow and expand. And we're very excited about where we are, the platform we've got in place right now and how that's going to develop over time. It's just, as you said, the public, the media has picked up much more on the corporate exchange than the private exchange, and that's probably why you see a bit more about it.
Gregory C. Case: We were -- it met our expectations. Again, when you think about it, this was not about numbers and volume for us, it's about quality and experience for employees. What we wanted to do in the first year, we brought 3 companies on, as you know, truly proved the concept of -- in this case, as a fully insured multi-carrier exchange. Went to renewal -- the second renewal of those 3 and then brought now 15 additional on. And our focal point was really beginning to scale up, which we've been able to do, but do it with the highest quality, seamless execution for our clients. And so for us, again, it's not about the number, because there's been tremendous interest and the pipeline is quite strong. It's about quality of experience, and that's been very, very positive.
Gregory C. Case: The pipeline has been quite substantial. And you can imagine, again, the interest out there now is quite high and the media has amplified it. And so we're having many, many conversations. And we're confident that we're going to continue to grow the exchange very robustly. And the interest, as I said, is quite high.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, I'll just direct my comments to the work we've done and did with the joint venture with Berkshire Hathaway, is really what it was. And it was -- and it really was we just provided our clients with very fast, efficient access to AA+ capital, very, very positive. Our clients were very excited about it. We linked it to Lloyd's so that really was the capacity and the opportunities going into Lloyd's. And our clients have received it very, very well. And we said that before, and it hasn't changed, if you think about the placements into Lloyd's. And we are privileged, we're the largest provider into Lloyd's. And in that context, the clients that we engaged, so when you think about Lloyd's, 75%, 80%, 90% of them wanted to actually access this capacity, which is fantastic. And we said publicly, and Lloyd's has confirmed, that our volume into Lloyd's in the first part of the year through the first 9 months is up double digits. So I think, as we said, we thought the clients would be interested in it. We thought it would reinforce Lloyd's and reinforce their overall strategy, 2025 strategy. We think it's done that in the context of this. And they've actually confirmed that overall. I'll leave the Willis program to Willis on their call.
Gregory C. Case: I just want to say thanks to everybody for joining, and look forward to the next quarter. Thanks very much.
