Eric Andersen: Yes, Greg, I would just say that while the deal volume is down, as you're saying, we have been spending time with the team expanding the potential client base. The historic nature of the product has been driven more towards private equity-type buyers. But we've been spending time working with the corporate clients, making sure they're aware of the capabilities and how those products and services get used. So that when the market does come back, and it will come back, we'll be situated to lead that market as we do today.
Eric Andersen: Yes, maybe two things, Greg. One, as a percent of revenue, it's still -- the market is still in its infancy. So I wouldn't overly rotate on it other than the potential that we see down the road. And to your other question, about some of the activity in the market. Obviously, we're not going to comment on specific third parties. But I would say, as part of our fundamental role of matching risk to capital, we work with many of parties that bring capital to the marketplace. Some of them use let us a credit to backstop the capital, used by the third parties. But it does provide the kind of capital and that we need that the clients need to deploy to gain reinsurance capital that they're looking for. So it's just one of the ways that we match risk of capital together on behalf of our clients.
Eric Andersen: Yes, one comment on it because we -- I know the question was on efficiency, but the ability to leverage the analytics that we have inside of ABS helped us develop the human Sustainability Index, helped us create the insight that we're able to bring to corporate clients. As they think about managing their climate exposure from a property standpoint, how all of that comes together is part of the ABS strategy and how we execute it. So while there is efficiency, there is great opportunity, I think, to drive new products, new solutions and better solutions that our larger clients are looking for us to help them.
Eric Andersen: Yes, sure, Christa. And I always think that the industry spends a lot of time reading the headlines on some of the industry rags about people move here and there. And I think it gets over rotated as Christa, you shared some of the great steps. I will say we are making some pretty significant talent investments in our core health and benefit business, in our strategy and technology group inside of reinsurance. Some of our key geographies where we're seeing great growth opportunities. So a lot of great things happening there, Christa, and you shared the metrics of engagement and attrition and things like that. But I would -- one last comment I would make on it, is on our risk capital and human capital platforms it actually allows us to increase the flexibility of where we deploy talent to opportunities. So being able to take reinsurance analytics and help a commercial client think about analytics like an insurance company does, I think, gives us a real competitive advantage. But other than that, we continue to invest pretty heavily in our talent, and we would expect to do so to come in the future.
Eric Andersen: Maybe I'll take that one, Greg. Look, I think the wealth solutions business is a great business for us, and we do see growth opportunities over the mid and long term. If you think about the pieces of it, the retirement piece, which is the pension actuarial work, continues to be a solid business for us. There's a whether it's in the pension derisking that Christa mentioned or whether it's just regulatory changes that drive activity. The U.K., EMEA, very solid this quarter. And then there's the investment management business. The advisory business continued to be pretty strong. The delegated part of it continues to have some impact from the AUM movement from -- in U.K. and North America that we talked about last time. But overall, really bullish on the business and expect that it will hit mid-single digits for us as we go down the road.
Eric Andersen: Yes. Maybe the only other angle I would say, Greg, is the sophistication of the products that are entering into places like Asia-Pacific and Latin America continue to evolve as the clients evolve. So whether it's risk financing techniques, whether a specialty products, whether it's the international as those organizations expand outside their home countries. So as those economies continue to develop, whether it's India, whether it's other parts of Asia, we're able to grow with them and help them as they need more sophisticated products. So we are very excited about the platforms that we have in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, and we do see good growth opportunities over the long term.
Eric Andersen: So I would say more of market share gains and the ability of the team to work together globally through global benefits. Remember the health systems are different everywhere in the world. So -- when you look at the U.S. system versus the U.K. versus Europe or anywhere in Asia-Pacific or LatAm, they're very different. But the needs are often of one organization expanding globally. They need that expertise. And so our global team really well connected, working together to able to help global clients as well as local clients. So we think it's market share gains in the local countries and really excited about what they've been doing over the course of the last year or two.
Eric Andersen: Yes. Look, Greg, I would say I'll do the ILS side first is -- ultimately, we're seeing investors that have historically invested in cat bombs, either allocate more to it, so they see opportunity. Investors that had walked away from the area have sort of returned as well as new. So you're seeing some expanded sort of market opportunity, which is why I think that market has been so dynamic in the first 6 months. I think on the overall capital provision of the reinsurance market, you're starting to see an equilibrium. You're seeing the big players get more active, who see opportunities, especially on the property cat side. And so -- and you're seeing investors look to participate in support, either through their funds or other ways, not necessarily in new company creation, which is sort of what would normally happen in the cycle but more in support of existing players who are already leaders in the industry. So we're getting to an equilibrium around pricing of property cat. Certainly, as you go into the 1/1 renewals in 5 months, there'll be talk of inflation, there'll be talk of what happens over the hurricane season in the summer and other events. But I do think that as the market has moved, it has found an equilibrium in property cat as well as on the casualty side of the business.
Eric Andersen: Yes. Listen, I think how asset values are repriced. I think that is something that's been sort of re-put into the business in a more consistent way, especially on the property side. I think inflation around verdicts on the liability side. So I think it is that you're saying, impacting pricing from an insurer standpoint. I would say it also creates sort of decision-making that the client will make. So the clients may take higher retentions, they may use captives that requires different support. It may -- they may take things on their own balance sheet versus transferring it. So it's not a straight line and often, it will turn into other capabilities that we can provide clients service for, rather than just straight up insurance pricing. So the clients are reacting to inflation the way any business would. And so that gives us an opportunity to provide a broader suite of capabilities to them as they're managing it.
Christa Davies: And Charlie, I would just say that while we've lapped the downturn, we do expect the pressure to continue in the second half as the external outlook has continued to be soft.
Christa Davies: Well, I mean, Mike, you also did just ask about second half outlook. And we would say year-to-date growth was 7%. We do think about our results over the course of the full year. And we are on track for our full year guidance, mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth, margin expansion and double-digit free cash flow growth. And so we're really excited about the momentum in the first half and that continuing into the second half. And I think just each quarter, we have different seasonality of revenue, but we really do think about it over the course of a full year. And so mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth for the full year.
Christa Davies: Look, we do actually, Mike. So thank you for the question. Look, we are on the next evolution of Aon Business Services. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, expanding from just driving efficiency to really improve customer service delivery, and innovation at scale, helping us accelerate growth. And so as we think about margins, we think about margins again over the course of the full year, sustainably and over the long term. And year-to-date, we saw 90 basis points of margin expansion, and offset by investments in the business including people and in our technology. In particular, you saw an increased investment in IT, 13% year-to-date. And the majority of this is around our core business platforms to help clients and support revenue growth. And you saw CapEx up as well, again, driving long-term margin expansion through the continued investments around standardized operations, standardized platforms, and innovation at scale, which we are really excited about in Aon Business services.
Christa Davies: And so maybe I'll start with sort of the math of just -- if you think about this, and again, we look at the sort of over a full year. But if you just did year-to-date, you'd see organic revenue growth of 7% year-to-date. Comp and ben is up 4% year-to-date. And so there's lumpiness in every quarter. And so what we would say is we feel good about that. And in terms of attrition, we would note that attrition in 2023 is below 2019 or below pre-pandemic levels. And so we feel really good about where attrition is across the board. And we also would note that engagement levels are at the highest they've ever been in the firm's history. And so we feel really good about the talent we're attracting. But Eric, you may want to jump in here just in terms of the talent side.
Christa Davies: Yes. Look, thank you so much for the question, Bob. And we are super excited about AI more broadly and how it can apply to our business. And we would say we think about this in terms of everything from really basic machine learning, robotic process automation, all that stuff that helps us drive automation and efficiency at the sort of very low end, very cheap and super scalable, and we're really looking to implement that broadly across our business, to help our colleagues get out of the sort of day-to-day cutting and pasting and inefficient processes that they're doing today and equally to make things much easier for clients to interact with us and do business. And so that's sort of the low end. And then you could say at the high end, sort of generative AI, it's really helping us drive insight and impact in the analytical areas that Eric was describing around risk capital and human capital. Catastrophe modeling, helping us add data sets, the human capital assistant, helping clients interact with human capital assistants, much like they would an expert in human capital today. And so Bob, we're very thoughtful about the cost of this, and where it's best to use basic technology, machine learning, robotic process automation, because it's just cheaper and more efficient and more scalable broadly. And where we're really trying to have insight and impact with clients and use generative AI. So we're sort of scaling it depending on the impact and opportunity.
Christa Davies: I mean, Rob, we're not giving specific guidance on commercial risk at that level? What we would say is we're extremely excited about year-to-date growth of 7% overall for AON. And on track to mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth for the full year. And obviously, we've had a real headwind in this M&A area given transaction volume, as Greg described, is down 30% to 40%, and we expect that softness to continue into the second half of the year.
Christa Davies: Elyse, we actually have increased our CapEx guidance to be $220 million to $250 million for 2023 and that's really driven by the investments we're making across Aon Business Services platforms and applications. to drive future growth. And so we're really excited about that. The improvement in free cash flow and the double-digit free cash flow growth for the year is going to be driven by operating income growth and working capital. And I did note that second half free cash flow growth is always significantly stronger than first half.
Christa Davies: Elyse, I'll try and do this again because I probably didn't explain this well the first time. What we -- we are lapping the comps that's absolutely right. But what we're seeing in the external market is continued pressure into the second half of the year in the M&A environment. So we expect that trend to continue.
Christa Davies: So we have not disclosed that detail. We did, as you mentioned, disclosed it in Q4 and we haven't disclosed it going forward. What I can say is we're the leader in the space, and we're incredibly excited about our capabilities, as Greg and Eric have described. and this having a real impact on our business. But we're continuing to invest in it because we know as M&A volume comes back, this business is incredibly well positioned to do fantastically well.
Christa Davies: So what we really said was we've given guidance on CapEx, $220 million to $250 million. Yes, you're absolutely right. CapEx is a little slight loaded with how the projects worked out this year. But we do think about it over the course of a full year, CapEx, $220 million to $250 million for 2023. In terms of margin expansion, we expect full year margin expansion. We are on track for mid-single-digit organic -- mid-single digit or greater organic revenue growth, margin expansion for the full year and double-digit free cash flow growth. And so yes, things are pattening slightly more in the first half in terms of some expense growth and CapEx growth. But really, you should think about these things over the course of the full year.
Christa Davies: Yes. So thank you so much, Mark. What I would tell you is we are on track for full year margin expansion. And the margin in this business we continue to manage the business as an overall portfolio. And I would say they're not particularly different to the rest of the business. We are focused on continuing to invest our entire portfolio in higher-revenue growth, higher-margin areas supported by -- and as a services with the analytical impact. And what I would say is, as you think about margin expansion long term, it's really just another way to measure the value we create for clients, which is why our data analytics and insight matter so much because that's increasingly what drives value as our clients look to understand forward-looking risk. And so it's those areas of the business that generate more value for clients. And then obviously, with Aon Business Services, we're driving to create that value more efficiently, which is why we're really investing in Aon Business Services to get it to the next level around driving operational excellence, better customer service and increased innovation at scale. And so we're really confident about driving sustainable margin expansion in 2023 and each year beyond that.
Christa Davies: So Meyer, as you exactly predicted, we are not giving guidance on the tax rate going forward. As I look back historically, exclusive of the impact of discrete items, which can be positive or negative, and historic underlying rate over the last 5 years was 18%. So we feel really good about our overall global capital structure, our global cash structure and our ability to navigate regulation and legislative changes going forward.
Christa Davies: Yes. So Jimmy, what we would tell you is we think about allocating cash based on return on capital, cash on cash return and our highest return on capital opportunity remains share repurchase. And so as we generate cash, you can think about us allocating it disproportionately to buy back. Because it sets the bar for all other uses of cash. And look, what we would say is we don't actually forecast buyback by quarter. But you can see in any calendar year, it's the highest use of cash across the firm. And so whether that cash is coming from debt or operating cash flow, as we generate that cash, we'll utilize it to buyback or M&A or organic investment, depending on the ROIC return. And we definitely see a huge opportunity to invest in buyback given we are substantially undervalued today, based on the way we value our business on a DCF basis.
Greg Case: And just to remind you, Mike, we brought in -- we've been working on this since 2017, actually prior to that by 2017. We have literally with the leadership under Christa, our new COO and others brought an India tremendous amount of capability to bear. And now we're on kind of the next wave, building on a very, very strong platform that we pulled together. So it's -- for us, we're very excited about this. for both the efficiency reasons that Christa described very well and the effectiveness outcomes that Eric described. And that really is the muscle and the foundation of Aon Business Services. Very excited about it.
Greg Case: And I just had two observations, on this. First, we've been doing AI, as Christa described, really for a decade. So it's not as we haven't been incorporating this. It's one of the reasons we drove an business services. That's my second observation. Because we have Aon Business Services, because we've been working on it since 2017, we actually have a platform to scale these ideas. Absent Aon Business Services, literally, the ability to kind of get this moved around 120 countries around the world is basically 0. So you can come up with a good idea in a geography, but how do you actually systematically move it around the world. So one of the reasons we're excited about our ability to do this and do it cost effectively is Aon Business Services.
Greg Case: One other point on that, Bob, just to sort of make it. I was in Singapore with Christa a month ago, opening our global climate hub, phenomenal. And we had the opportunity to go around and see so many different clients in that perspective. It really reflected exactly what Eric is describing. Their needs becoming more global and more interconnected. They want to see global Aon put it in their backyard. That was a very, very positive sort of overall kind of finding as such as we're standing and thinking about that. It really does bode well to what the opportunities are. And then if you take that in some of Eric's other comments around risk capital and what it really means, bringing reinsurance analytics into the commercial space in an effective way, also something that was very, very positive. So just a specific example in a region, as you highlighted, where we have a particular opportunity. The same is true in Latin America.
Greg Case: You summarized it very well. I would just add a couple of things on the talent point overall and in reinsurance. Look, reinsurance, our colleagues, this has been strength to strength, really over the last 5 years. It's been a tortious. It's also one of the areas we've invested heavily and continued content and capability, not just core reinsurance, but if you think about what we're doing in cat bonds and ILS, we lead the world in this, the work we've done in strategy and technology group Eric described before, this is just substantial investment. And with this core in reinsurance, we now have this incorporated into the overall risk capital effort. And so it's really, for us, we're very -- we're excited about the possibilities and the capability we have to help clients, and it continues to build, which is why we feel so strongly positive about the second half of the year and the ongoing results here.
Greg Case: And David, we continue to reinforce literally the exact guidance we had before. And as we think about where we were, they look greater for the year overall for the business, even in the face of this challenge that Christa described.
Greg Case: It's literally as simple as you almost listen to the investment bank calls. We can talk to the CEOs of those divisions. As that activity comes back, we are incredibly well positioned, not just in the core areas we've done before, but also with the broader commercial applications, as Eric described before. So we've just gotten stronger. Literally as the transactions come back and the volume comes back, we're there. And so you can predict as well as anyone. All we're trying to do is be clear.
Greg Case: I just want to say that thank you, everyone, for joining, and we look forward to the discussion next quarter. Have a great day.
