Christa Davies: Yes. Thanks so much for the question, Elyse. That is correct. We saw 40 basis points of margin expansion and 90 basis points of impact from fiduciary investment income. And I would note, we really think about margins over the course of the full year. So 70 basis points of margin expansion in the full year, of which 40 basis points came from fiduciary investment income. And we really think about margin expansion over the long term. Our margin growth has been 1,120 basis points over the last 12 years or 90 basis points a year for 12 years. And it's really driven by revenue growth, the portfolio mix shift to higher margin areas and the productivity benefit we're getting from Aon Business Services. And so we're extremely confident with that track record at least for our financial guidance which is mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth, margin expansion for the full year 2023 and double-digit free cash flow growth for the full year 2023.
Christa Davies: I think that's fair. We are continuing to drive margin expansion each and every year, overcoming investments we're making in the business because you saw in Q4 we substantially invested in IT. So our IT expense is up. We're investing in platforms and technology to drive innovative solutions for clients. And we'll continue to invest in our colleagues and we'll continue to invest in M&A and we'll continue to invest in a lot of areas to drive long-term growth but we really think about this over the course of a full year which is really what matters to us.
Christa Davies: So what we would say is we don't give forward guidance on tax. But as I look back historically, exclusive of the impact of discrete items which can be positive or negative in any 1 quarter, our historical underlying rate for the last 5 years was 18%. And that's the result of us being a global company domiciled in Ireland with a global cash management structure and a global capital structure. And so we're really confident about where we are.
Christa Davies: Again, we don't give guidance going forward on tax rate but I can tell you that as we look back historically, our historical underlying rate for the last 5 years was 18%.
Christa Davies: Jimmy, we don't comment on any future legislation. We run a global tax structure and we've had an underlying rate of 18% for the last 5 years and we feel really good about where we are.
Christa Davies: Look, I'll just finish with what we're doing on the Aon side. We're following the same advice we give clients. And over the last 15 years, we've reduced the risk in our pension substantially through steps to close the plants, new entrants, freeze benefit accrual, matchup liabilities and purchased annuities to settle a portion of the pension liabilities. And it's resulted in much less economic risk and much reduced cash contributions. And so our remaining plans are well funded and hedged. And we're really managing on a cash basis and you can see that our cash contributions have come down substantially over time, with only $65 million we're contributing in 2023 in cash, a continued downward trend in cash. And so we're really excited about the progress we continue to make on our own plans in derisking, as you saw in Q4, with the $300 million of pension benefit obligation coming off the balance sheet and in the decreased cash contributions.
Christa Davies: So Weston, thanks so much for the question. As we think about margin expansion, we think about it holistically over the course of the year at the Aon level. And we've grown margins, as I mentioned, 1,120 basis points over the last 12 years or 90 basis points a year for 12 years. And it's driven by revenue growth a portfolio mix shift as we disproportionately invest in higher revenue growth, higher-margin businesses organically and inorganically and productivity benefit from ABS. So we don't look at it separately from investment income or frankly, the underlying investments we're making in the business each and every year to drive long-term growth and innovation for our clients.
Christa Davies: Look, our operations in Singapore, including our investment center and local business are an essential part of our operations today and we expect that will mean an important part of our global strategy going forward. We did finalize our negotiations with the Economic Development Board in Singapore and we'll provide an updated disclosure on our 10-year arrangement in our 10-K.
Christa Davies: And Eric, I would just say that Aon United sets the stage for Aon Business Services to be successful, I agree with everything you both said. And I would add 3 things. The first is innovation at scale is an essential part of our ability to deliver results for clients as we continue to find applications and solutions developed in 1 area and then scale it to clients globally. We can't do that without Aon Business Services enabling seamless connectivity across the globe. Second, Aon United is not a field of story. It's designed to enable our colleagues in every way, deliver better results for clients which translates into stronger top and bottom line performance. And ultimately, that translates into free cash flow growth, as evidenced by our billion in free cash flow and 24% free cash flow margin as we put our highest and best use of the capital which we believe will continue to drive long-term value creation for shareholders. Translating revenue into free cash flow is a scaled operational outcome and it's done at scale globally in over 100 countries, tracking by day, by country with great accuracy. This is not possible without Aon United and the detailed operating model we've got powered by Aon Business services. It makes us all really excited about the 2023 go-forward momentum and how we scale this operation to deliver innovation for our clients.
Christa Davies: All right. On the tech talent, we've got one of the most fabulous brands in the tech space, Radford. And that was the example I gave on the opening remarks around using AI to actually be able to match and find the optimal tech talent at the right price, anywhere around the world. And then to be able to also figure out where your tech talent is within your existing organization to be able to optimize your workforce. And so we do see that the tech dislocations being a fabulous time to utilize this AI technology to get -- to make sure that our clients get access to the best talent and optimize it in the right way.
Christa Davies: No, we would just say that we continue to see across the firm that we deploy cash based on the highest return on capital opportunity. Buyback is top of the list even at today's prices, Derek. And so we -- that's why we bought $3.2 billion back in calendar year 2022. And we expect buyback to remain the highest return on capital opportunity going forward.
Christa Davies: Yes. And look, I would just add, we've found some terrific companies and invested in those this year. I mean, Tyche, fantastic capability in the capital modeling and analytics space and ERM in the modeling space in Mexico. And so we continue to invest in areas of high growth and client need which we're really excited about.
Christa Davies: Yes. So what I would tell you is what we saw in 2022 was that interest rate stepped up in Q3 and Q4 of 2022. And so if interest rates stay where they are today, you'll see a similar impact to Q4 in Q1 and Q2. And so we would expect that increase in interest rates stay where they are. And then for modeling going forward, every 100 basis point increase in interest rates is approximately $65 million in fiduciary investment income. And there's no delay between interest rate increases and it impacting our fiduciary investment income.
Eric Andersen: This is Eric Andersen, why don't I take that one to kick us off. It's great to be with you this morning. The reinsurance business continues to be a very strong performer for us as we go through the year. And I would say certainly, a lot of attention spent on property CAT [ph] for good reason. Certainly, the losses, the interest rate moves, the restructurings of the programs that were happening throughout the season. I would say Property CAT [ph] continues to be a dominant part of the business but it's not the whole business. Certainly, casualty, specialty and others continue to be a big part of it. But so I would say, as I think through the future of what's going to happen over the next 12 months, we continue to see a very robust opportunity for the team. They're spending a lot of time with data analytics, better insight to help our primary clients figure out their positioning. But the endgame, I think when you think through the 1/1 renewals is that there's more risk, more volatility has been pushed to the primary insurers. And the outcome of that for them will be either risk appetite. They're going to have to be very disciplined on the risk that they assume in the property space in particular. They'll use other methods like facultative reinsurance, they'll probably do selective buying throughout the year. And so I would say the 1/1 season, a little different than years past which I think is what you're alluding to. And ultimately, they're going to continue to manage their portfolio as the year progresses.
Eric Andersen: Sure. Listen, I think on the property on the market perspective, certainly property is getting a lot of attention and you continue to see that market be challenging for our primary clients. It is worth noting though that clients use a lot of different tools to manage that market dynamic. They use captives, they use retention. They limits purchase. So it's not a direct line from what a carrier would say about a property market rate versus what a client actually assume. So there's a lot of tools that they have and we spend an awful lot of time, as Greg was saying, trying to add additional value for them using financial modeling and techniques to try and limit that exposure. The other products, casualty, cyber, financial products, etcetera, around the globe, I would say, are more stable. We're a good 3.5, 4 years into a market cycle and I think those products are coming more to an equilibrium. And the last thing I would say about your question on commission fees and ties back to what Greg said is one of the benefits of being a fully transparent broker where we engage our clients in what we get paid for the value that we provide, we don't really care whether it's a commission or whether it's a fee. What we really are driven by is are we providing value to clients and are we being paid fairly for that value. And so whether the cycle is up or down, it doesn't really matter to us. We engage in those conversations in a fully transparent way and I think we have great relationships with our clients because of it.
Eric Andersen: If you think about it -- I'll just use reinsurance as an example. It's historically our smallest quarter and it's not treaty driven. It's driven around facultative placements, banking, our technology consulting group. So not really market-driven issues but more value issues in terms of usage of those tools to help clients manage their exposures.
Eric Andersen: So Jimmy, right now, we have not seen a lot of new capacity enter the marketplace, although there is certainly a lot of whispers and discussion about whether there's opportunity for additional capital to enter. So I would say as we go into the April 1 property renewals which are dominated by Japan and then June which is dominated by Florida. I think as we sit here today, you would have to think that those market dynamics will continue.
Eric Andersen: Yes, I would say it depends where you are and it depends on the segment, it depends on the industry. I think we like to say there's a million little markets out there depending on each individual client and the business they're in and the type of exposures that are being covered. But then on macro basis, certainly, property, I think, continues to be the firmest as the primary carriers now deal with the effects of higher retained risk that they were traditionally passing on to reinsurers. But whether it's the casualty lines, general liability, cyber, financial lines, D&O, professional that type of thing, we're definitely seeing a stabilizing of that market. As more capital has come into those areas and clients are being given more choices in what they're doing. And I would also say that the insurers are 4 years into remediating their portfolios. And so they're much more specific as to the areas that they choose to compete in and the kind of business that they want to write which does give clients sort of a more targeted choice of potential insurer partners.
Eric Andersen: Listen, I think the regulatory changes with the global minimum pensions is such a big part of the business in the retirement side. So we saw a lot of growth there, especially out of the U.K. but also decent growth in the U.S. as well. There were some headwinds with the investment business because of AUM being down with the market. But overall, I think we're really well positioned. And I think, Christa, you mentioned in your opening comments about the pension risk transfer piece. Also, I think we're an industry leader in that space and really have a great team to do it.
Eric Andersen: Greg, maybe I can give a little bit of color with regard to a client example just to bring it to life because I can't stress how important this is for us and what we do for our clients. We were recently engaged by a global firm and a specialized industry who is looking for just better risk advisory services around the world for their risk strategy, both globally and as well as locally. And to do this, we use resources from all of our solution lines in multiple spots. And on the surface, I would say this is the kind of work that we love to do for clients but just thinking about what you were just saying, Greg, when I dig back to what we used to do, right? When we were operating under these sub brands of Aon Risk services, Aon Benfield, Aon Hewitt and the others, it would have been a pretty disjointed process for us. There would have been all sorts of internal barriers within the firm that would have distracted us from the focus on the client. We had internal P&L issues, like resource allocation, revenue sharing, incentive discussions. I think you all get the point. But today, with the Aon United structure, we have 5 region leaders, 4 global solution line leaders who are focused solely on delivering for that client under the Aon brand. With 1 P&L operating around the world. And it is powered by the Aon Business Services model which allows us to actually deliver that capability in a uniform way globally.
Eric Andersen: So why don't I take the first one. Certainly, human capital has been a very robust business for us over the last 24 months. And it's still -- we still see it. The data sales, the information around comp the competitive talent engagement assessment also very critical to the agendas of our clients. So we feel really good about that business and what it's done over the last 24 months and are confident about it literally over the next 12 to 24 months as well.
Eric Andersen: Listen, I think the cyber market is continuing to evolve and we'll continue to do so as the threat actors change over time. I would say we're a leading provider of both risk management. When you think about data security and the strategy to prevent cyber attack, certainly with our Stroz Friedbeg client -- brand, very strong in terms of its work with clients and then obviously, the risk transfer aspect. I would say when you think about the cyber market today and where it's going, I would say the insurers have actually gone back to basics. The way the quality of the underwriting, the in-depth understanding of what the real cyber exposures are have allowed them to price it better to understand the real risk. And frankly, it's allowed us to distinguish and differentiate our clients and the work that they're doing around cyber protection to be able to bring them to market in a way that gives them individual views but it's become quite a market in terms of size, probably approaching about $10 billion of premium and both from an insurance and a reinsurance side, I consider Aon a market leader in the space.
Eric Andersen: Yes, Greg. I would say in our Affinity businesses, we serve specialized groups of small. So we're very active in the small space but really where we can bring distinct value, whether it's in the travel space or museums, that type of thing, where we actually have a product or capability where we're able to provide distinct value to the clients. I would also say with our office -- our 500 offices around the world, we engage with clients across all segments. I mean, there are only 500 Fortune 500 clients. We do an awful lot in the middle market and the small commercial. Our strategy is to bring product solutions using the expertise that we have across all of our capabilities and package them and deliver them in a way where we're providing the real value of using Aon as your adviser, so you get that product expertise but delivered in a way where it's efficient and cost effective for them to be able to use our capabilities.
Greg Case: And I might just add to that, at least, the theme was exceptional. I'd tell you, the 1/1 renewals had a unique market dynamic and taking the analytics and capability we have in place and what we're able to do and how we deliver it to the market well before anyone else was truly unique and helped our clients tremendously as they navigated through the marketplace. As Eric highlighted, more risk means more opportunity to demonstrate value added.
Greg Case: Andrew, maybe I'll start and Eric, you can chime in as well here. First, Andrew, we always come back to the idea we talk about market impact. This is a function of prices you're highlighting but also insured values over time. Obviously, a lot is happening on the insured value front. And this is really broadly beyond this property but really as you think about on the employee side and all aspects of sort of what's driven by changes in those values. And that actually has much more impact than just price per se. As we've highlighted, you step back, it really is a modest impact over time. We saw that in this quarter. We think we'll see that throughout the year. And it really for us is about value. We deliver value for clients and we could benefit from that because they get benefit. And we're very, very clear about that. And as Eric highlighted on Elyse's question, in an environment with greater risk, the opportunity to provide greater value is real and meaningful and we're doing it and we're benefiting from it. So that's what you're seeing overall. But Eric, maybe you want to dive a bit more into the specific pricing.
Greg Case: Jimmy, in the context of this, if you step back and think about the implications for insurers, as Eric highlighted very well kind of on a product-by-product basis. As I talked, described in my comments and Christa amplified very well, this is really about a client leadership approach for us and fundamental demand is going up. The opportunity to talk to clients about risk out there in the world and how it's connected, it's going up. So irrespective of sort of the individual pricing environment which are prescribed well, the opportunity for us to engage clients and help them how to protect their business and grow is actually continuing to increase.
Greg Case: Rob, just take a step back for a second, as we've talked about, it really is about mid-single-digit or greater organic growth improving margins overtime and really driving double-digit free cash flow growth for the firm and all aspects contributed. And as you're hearing in our commentary, more and more are connected. The solutions we are providing, some of the most innovative solutions we're providing really are a function of how our commercial risk business, our reinsurance business, health, wealth and talent business has come together. And so we're confident about continuing to drive margin improvement. As we described, organic revenue growth mid-single digit or greater and free cash flow growth double digit. That's how we want you to think about it. That engine is really what's coming together and we're confident we can achieve that on our and our clients' behalf.
Greg Case: Excellent. Listen, I appreciate the question. We are seeing uncertainty or complexity or interconnectivity, however you want to describe it, really everywhere around the world. We do want to emphasize, though, this is not just risk, it's opportunity. It's an opportunity to engage clients in ways to help them understand these risks more effectively. And candidly, our clients want to get on the offensive. They want to understand that risk and then actually deal with how they can actually grow their businesses in the context of it. So for us, this is about more connectivity around a changing environment but we're seeing it really over around the globe, the impact of interest rate changes, inflation, geopolitical challenges, really the fundamental issues I described in the opening comments around things like health and wealth and talent. The evolution from just engagement is now wellness and all things that come without all aspects of that. How you think about managing that sort of using reinsurance analytics and commercial risk analytics in the context of people, all of these things are coming together to create opportunity for us and we're really seeing it everywhere in addition to the challenges you described.
Greg Case: Yes. And David, thanks for the question. Really, we were underlying our commercial risk colleagues working across the firm has done a tremendous job and drove growth, as I described, really everywhere around the world, including in the U.S. with the exception of the external M&A and IPO environment which created a headwind that we described. But even in the context of that, we've just done a magnificent job. As you know, that's an amazing business and we are incredibly well positioned in the context of it. And we'll see how it plays out. We highlighted, maybe it drags into the first quarter with Q2, what happens on the M&A services front. But overall, it's an exceptionally strong performance in terms of what we've done overall. And this is just one piece and as we described before, this is really about overall global Aon and what we can do to grow the firm and we're very excited and confident about how that's going to proceed in '23.
Greg Case: Listen, I'm not sure how much we disclose on a specific people because it isn't about the individuals for us from the standpoint, it's how we help them become more effective, more capable -- greater ability to deliver to the firm. And I would say, as we look at that, we've been incredibly pleased with the progress. When you think about overall Aon United and all the aspects around it. And great progress. But I would say we continue to invest tremendously in our colleagues and bringing colleagues on it and you saw that in '22, you'll see it again in '23 and '24.
Greg Case: David, there are lots of metrics. We have them. We don't disclose them. I do think it's worth on this point, in particular, understanding and maybe taking a minute to step back and say, listen, when you think about our ability to drive organic growth, to drive margin improvement, to drive free cash flow improvement, fundamentally, Christa and I both highlighted the role the Aon United strategy plays in that. And it is fundamental and I think it's worth a couple of minutes here, David, to your question. Look, if you think about it, we've been at this for 10 years plus. We saw back then client need was changing. We saw that we need to help them make better decisions to protect and grow their business. We saw, frankly, this accrued across all aspects of risk, not just commercial risk, all aspects of what we're doing, workforce health, talent, etcetera. We also saw we had great capability. But like everyone around the world, it wasn't joined up and it wasn't driving innovation at scale. And we saw that loud and clear, David, in terms of where we are. We also saw, however, there were pieces and pockets when our colleagues work together. We win more clients, we do more with them. We retain them longer and we also deliver better and faster innovation at scale across the firm. And this fundamental truth, 10 years ago for us, created a great deal of excitement but it also created a real challenge which was, okay, that sounds great. Everybody talks about this. How do you do it? How do you accomplish that? And that's the Aon United strategy. And this is back to your critical question, how do we maintain performance and drive it over time. It is in Aon United. The challenge has been as we've evolved it and the opportunity is this required a fundamental design of organization around serving clients, training, learning, how we think about leadership development. Aon Business Service is fundamental to that and some real, frankly, price of admission to really do this, single brand, single P&L, single leadership team, etcetera and we are really bringing that online. And what you heard from both Christa and I and Eric's comments as well is what we've done with Aon United is fundamentally to put us in a position to not just serve clients by solution lines that really cutting across solution lines to bring better capability to them. And in the current environment, the more difficult it becomes for clients, the more opportunity we have to bring value. And that's frankly what you're seeing which is why we are confident in our ability to, frankly, not just make progress over the last decade as Christa highlighted but why we are so excited about the go forward.
Greg Case: So David, that was way more than you asked for on the initial piece that you asked a very important specific question. What we're trying to convey is the answer to that is key but it really is fundamental to sort of how the integrated approach happens and how it drives performance. And how we're not complete with the journey. There's a lot more opportunity ahead of us. And it also connects with our colleagues because they love driving the solutions that Eric described. It creates engagement. It creates excitement around. If you can wow a client, you've done something that is truly kind of makes the week in the month. So it's a huge opportunity and we stress it here because it's so fundamental to our success with our clients and obviously, with all of our investors as partners as well. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Greg Case: Listen, as we step back, I want to make sure I understand the market segments that you're thinking about them. We love the segments we operate in which is really the large market, the middle sized marketplace and the small commercial market. And you're absolutely right. The bringing in cover wallet has been phenomenal. It is a capability, much like many that we can scale. Scale, not just in the small commercial market but if you think about B2B, 2C in large companies with bringing that capability in the context of that, if you think about kind of distributed businesses, franchises, things like that phenomenal kind of opportunities. So we love the space. We've got great capability in it. We were going to continue to grow it and we've seen great success with it. So that's how we think about overall small commercial. But I want to make sure does that answer your question.
Greg Case: I just want to say thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We appreciate it and look forward to the next call.
