Christa Davies: Yes, and that's absolutely right, Dan. The guidance for HR Solutions margin in the second half of 2012 is improved from our previous guidance. So previously, we said we were down in Q3 and now we think we'll be flat year-over-year in Q3. And previously, we said we'd be flat in Q4, now we think we'd be up modestly in Q4. The 2 things really driving -- there are 3 things really driving that difference: one is less investment spend; two is less deferred costs; and three is improved restructuring savings. So they're sort of the 3 things that are just leading to that improvement from previous guidance.
Christa Davies: Yes, so one of the things we would point out is that as we look at organic revenue growth in the HR Solutions segment in the first half of the year, it's the highest it's been in several years. So we are starting to see growth from these investments already. What I would observe as you look at the margin impact is, as these investments sort of ramp, you're getting revenue growth, which is slightly lower margin until the investments truly scale. And so as the revenue growth continues to come through and the investments scale, you'll see that become higher-margin revenue growth, if that makes sense.
Christa Davies: Yes. So Keith, I think one of the things we really highlighted on Risk Solutions margin for the first half of the year, and we expect that to sort of to continue slightly into Q3, is we really are investing significantly in the GRIP platform and in talent in Latin America and Asia. And so what we're really seeing is that organic revenue growth is offsetting substantial investment spend. And what we did say in Risk Solutions is that margin's going to be up significantly in Q4 and therefore up for the full year. And so we're going to see a return on that significant investment in that GRIP platform and that talent within the year.
Christa Davies: Yes, so what we would say is there is some unfavorable revenue mix in both benefits administration and in core Retirement Consulting as those high-margin businesses declined slightly. It's a very minor decline in revenue and we love the business and are continuing to invest in it long term.
Christa Davies: Would I expect anything different? I mean, I think the big areas of upside, Meyer, really, are global interest rates. So 100 basis point increase in global interest rates has a sort of $35 million to $40 million impact on top line and bottom line. And I would observe on that dimension that interest rates did decline during Q2 and so we're seeing sort of weakness there. As we look at other areas of the global economy, as Greg said, exposures globally are roughly stable as we think about the underlying drivers of that, which are really corporate revenues, employment levels and asset values that's essentially stable. But look, the other key driver is inflation and we would say that if interest rates, underlying drivers of GDP or inflation were to improve, then we have a substantial leverage to all 3 of those.
Christa Davies: Yes, so it's really -- it's related to the timing of implementations on large outsourcing contracts and it has been a headwind in Q1 and Q2. We would expect that to reverse slightly in Q3 and Q4, hence, the improved guidance year-over-year in Q3 and Q4. It's literally just as we implement contracts and you have them go live, then you'd defer less of this expense.
Christa Davies: And the only other point I'd make is as you look at the seasonality of our business, Q1 is our strongest European quarter. And so while the second half of the year is certainly important, it's really Q1 next year that we'll be sort of focused on.
Christa Davies: Yes, so the way we think about it, it's really as we generate free cash flow, we look at return on capital on a cash-on-cash basis to allocate any form of free cash flow. And we've said that we had approximately $100 million in Q1, $250 million in Q2 and we had really previously given guidance of $150 million per quarter with the potential of $300 million of additional purchases using excess capital from the balance sheet. Beyond that, it's not really in our best interest to provide specific guidance. And any uses of cash flow or excess capacity, including the $300 million of cash held internationally, will be evaluated and allocated based on the highest return on capital.
Christa Davies: Yes, so as we think about the business overall, about 15% of our overall revenue was Continental Europe. Risk is a little bit more; HR is a little bit less. As you think about patterning throughout the year, Q1's the biggest quarter. I mean I do sort of -- look, we're very sensitive to Europe, too. I would note and reinforce, as Greg described, we've grown in Europe in the first half of the year. We grew in Q2. We're very conservative in our future forecast, but it's not really the panic that everyone's currently worried about. We're certainly tracking it extremely carefully and we're managing what we observe is a fragile economy. But as Greg said, we have industry-leading positions in most large European countries and we're very proud of the performance that we're delivering.
Christa Davies: So Jay, we did say that the tax rate for the full year is going to remain 28%. We did observe that the tax rate in the quarter, 27.5%, and so we continue to see the tax rate being 28%. I would observe that's down 100 basis points from the 29% we had at the beginning of the year. And as we think about the move to the U.K., we have said that we expect a substantial reduction of global effective tax rate, approximately 500 basis points over the long term.
Christa Davies: Yes, as we think about what it is, it is people and it's technology. And the technology spend is both an ongoing expense and it's capital expenditure. So as you think about scaling up a health care exchange, a lot of it's about hiring people to process the placement and some of them are very experienced people, like brokers. Some of them are administrative people to place the business and then as a substantial investment in the technology platform to scale the business to the large clients that we're going to be scaling over the next couple of years.
Christa Davies: So the pricing environment, we would say, particularly on the Outsourcing side, remains very competitive. And it is absolutely a headwind we faced, it's negative. It has remained at a consistent negative level since we merged with Hewitt in 2010. And we would say it's exactly in line with our expectations that we modeled when we acquired the company. So it remains very consistent.
Christa Davies: Yes. So we have, in December 2012, about $225 million of debt that comes up for renewal. You should expect us to renew that as we normally do it.
Gregory C. Case: And I would just say, Dan, to add to that, is the one investment we have called out over the last couple of quarters is that on the health care exchanges, which we're very positive about. We feel like we've made a great progress in the context of that. As that comes online, it's going to take the next 2 to 3 years before you really start to see the full impact of what that can bring to us both on the retirement side and on the employee side. We're hopeful, by the way, in the fourth quarter we're going to be able to launch the first employee exchange to go with what we do on the retirement side. But it's going to take 2 to 3 years to really get those fully ramped up.
Gregory C. Case: But we are generating revenue on the retirement exchange. It's modest, but it is -- we do have clients. It's up and running. It's working very well and progressing just as we had hoped it would.
Gregory C. Case: So we talked about this quite substantially in the last call, Keith. From the standpoint of -- the investment, particularly on the GRIP rollout, is significant but it's also an investment unlike investment in -- classic investments in talent, which take a year or 2 to really come online. We see how the GRIP investment is going to actually pay back and that's why we have talked about improved margin in the year even with the investment we're making.
Gregory C. Case: And we're just seeing positive momentum, it continues to develop and we're just trying to reflect that.
Gregory C. Case: And we're just seeing really growth in some of the areas in HR BPO, in particular, in the exchanges which is just ramping up very, very well. And that really is the mix issue. We love this portfolio overall. We see lots of promise in terms of sort of where's it's going to go, in fact, more I would say even then when we actually brought on -- when we brought the 2 firms together, Keith. That's why we made -- we've made the investments and we're just seeing ramped -- we're seeing a greater ramp-up in some of the areas that are improving in margin a la our HR BPO and the exchanges, which are driving the revenue mix issues that Christa talked about.
Gregory C. Case: Really, I would say, it's really across the board. We actually saw -- we saw movement on the pricing side and it's -- it was modest. It was not substantial. But we saw new business growth that was good; I think $250 million, overall, in new business as Christa highlighted. What we really also saw is continued management on the existing book and retention increases, particularly around some of the rollout of Client Promise and as we rolled it out across Europe and the rest of the world, we think we're going to see like increases when we actually get Client Promise and place it to really drive movement and retention. And we saw stability in insured values. So there wasn't a significant increase there, but it wasn't a decrease or a headwind as we've seen before.
Gregory C. Case: Well, listen, I think our colleagues really across the world just done a terrific job sort of on the client leadership front and certainly across Europe. Everyone is struggling, everyone is sort of fighting these set of headwinds, but I would reflect we grew. We had positive organic growth. It was modest, but we had positive organic growth. And we're continuing to put in place, as we've done in the U.S., some proven approaches that we think will really continue to help drive retention of that book. But we've got some just very privileged positions and platforms across the European theater and that's actually served us quite well. And so we're certainly concerned as we reflect on the impact of our clients. But so far, we've held our own. We just want to highlight, obviously there's a lot of potential headwind there and we're fighting through it. But we grew in the quarter and we've grown in the first half, and we're going to work hard on that for the second half.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, I would separate the 2. They're very -- they're quite different. When you think about our Reinsurance business, it's 85% treaty is our overall business. And that's really the -- fundamentally, it was really new business generation that drove the bulk of that revenue growth. Two to 3 points was probably kind of onetime sorts of things, some price impact and some of the things that sort of drove that. But even if you took the 2 to 3 points out, it's actually a very substantial increase and really just a reflection of the great work that's being done on the Reinsurance side, really reflecting tremendous progress, new business wins that have really driven that business. So just really another quarter of progression for our reinsurance colleagues. Then on the Outsourcing side, really is -- remember, these are long-term contracts, multiyear contracts, and it just reflects wins on those contracts as those come online in the building of that business. And as Christa described before, the context of that, these are margin business, our businesses we're building margin on over time. And so that's why we had the revenue mix that Christa described, but just really -- they're just classic wins here. There's also about 10% of that, which is project revenue, which we've talked about before, we've been under pressure on and continue to face some headwinds on.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, and there's -- Meyer, one of the -- I think you asked if we had done anything differently, as well if we'd anticipated it. And for us, remember, we build our game plan not anticipating substantial rate movement. We built our game plan not anticipating economic return. And we built our game plan to grow our business and to drive cash flow, which is really sort of the engine, which sort of -- which really what we believe is just continuing to build and well over time. And so for us, that game plan has been put together not anticipating a change in some of the headwinds. And so in many respects, the plan we've had in place will be the game plan we're going to go forward with. If we happen to get some benefits, as Christa described, that would be fantastic. But it doesn't change anything structurally that we put in place.
Gregory C. Case: Well, as a baseline, we're assuming that's going to -- at this point, it's going to be flat overall in terms of sort of what's happened in the overall economy. It's obviously struggling and fragile. We're fighting against it. We've grown the business and we anticipate we're going to continue to do that, but it's going to be marginally positive going forward.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, that's what we've talked about, which is literally -- as we've said before, we got a set of game plans to add plans and add business to grow the business. We anticipate we're going to continue to do that. But we've highlighted that it's a struggle and it's a struggle for our clients, first and foremost, and a headwind for us. But we've been able to actually succeed against that and we anticipate doing it. But it's not going to be substantial at this point until things change.
Gregory C. Case: And remember, it's difficult to grow on these context, but clients need risk understanding. They need risk leadership. That absolutely can't go away. And in some respects, by the way, some of the issues in Europe actually magnify those issues and potentially create opportunities. And on the HR Solutions side, same token, everyone's got employees, everybody's got to work and support those employees and in times of need, sometimes those issues become even more acute. So we're by no means trying to say this is a positive. This a big headwind and a serious headwind for our clients. But we've got a lot of tools and a lot of approaches that we think serve us well in this context and we're going to keep applying those.
Gregory C. Case: Well, again, we've been careful to say -- we haven't said it's going to be a good year. We have essentially said we're going to continue to improve and build on our business. But I think you've highlighted something pretty profound. If you go back and look at 2008, as an example, and look at our business overall, as an example, and sort of our growth rates, even in the context of a very challenging 2008 and what's happened over time, the worst we did was negative 1% sort of across the board if you think about sort of our -- the robustness of our business in 2009. So against that backdrop, we held [ph] serve on growth. Our aspirations is to grow over time and we will do that. But just for background, that was the -- as you described, sort of, Greg, the worst of the worst. And from our standpoint, we think this is different in some ways and offer some opportunities that are a bit unique. I think I don't [ph] overstate it. This is going to be a challenge, continues to be a challenge. But as Christa described, we don't see this -- this is something we've, again, seen before and we're going to deal with and support our clients on it. We think AON will benefit from that.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, if you just -- if you take Christa's foundation on the cash side, well, I think the clearest execution plan you can imagine, sort of M&As, from what Christa described, from our standpoint, we love the structure we've got. We've got -- the portfolio we have on HR Solutions and Risk Solutions that we like a lot. We'll always add to that from a standpoint of smaller tuck-in acquisitions and have historically spent $200 million to $300 million a year sort of in that context on things that truly add content and capability or geographic reach. That really is the extent of our M&A aspirations at this point. We love the platform we've got.
Gregory C. Case: Really, Brian, this is really new client wins and as we bring on those new client wins, particularly around HR BPO and on some of the comp consulting side, it really is -- that's really where you're seeing a reflection of. Just fundamental strength in the core part of the business. And we have not seen the discretionary spend pick up. So that 10% of the project spend, that's been a pressure -- we continue to see as a pressure where you're really seeing all this rollout of new clients.
Gregory C. Case: Well, again, remember there are 2 types of exchanges here. One is on the retirement side and we have an active exchange up and running, multiple clients in the context of that and many lies in the context sort of what we're doing in that. We're going to go through another roller period coming up, so that's an active exchange, which we're investing behind, which we're building on. And then we're very hopeful to actually launch what would be the first active employee exchange coming up in the fourth quarter of this year. And in many respects, we've got clients who are excited about that, markets who are excited about that and look forward to doing that, which means we would have 2 exchanges in place, a retirement exchange and an employee -- active employee exchange, both of which would be, as Christa described before, growth engines for us and opportunities to really build our business. So we're excited about both of them.
Gregory C. Case: Well, you're going to start to see -- you'll begin to see it meaningfully in the revenue numbers, as I said before, really into '13, but really in the '13 and '14. You'll start to see it really in the profit numbers a bit after that, I'd said 2 to 3 years, thus far. But that's kind of the overall profile.
Gregory C. Case: Well, sort of back overall on pricing again. On the retail side, we draw [ph] directly and specifically from the Global Risk Insight Platform. As we said before, we see continued improvement just for numbers if it's helpful. Q2 -- go back to last year, Q2 '11, we were minus 3%. Q3, we were minus 2%. Q4, we were roughly flat. And in the first quarter, we're kind of plus 1%. That's roughly where we are now, give or take. So on the Retail side -- so it's positive. It's trended positive. You can start -- it seems like that's beginning to flatten out a bit in terms of where we are. And really, you're going to have to split that between new and renewal. We're looking at both overall here as that's where we capture [ph] GRIP. And then on the Reinsurance side, we also saw a positive -- marginal positive movement sort of in that and that's reflected in the numbers, as I've said before, kind of a couple of points as it related to our book. But if you look at the global reinsurance capital, it's a story you know well, Brian. We ended 2011 about $455 billion in capital, which was down 3% from 2010 from $470 billion. By the way, that absorbed over $100 billion worth of insured losses. But if you look at the first quarter of 2012, we're back up to $470 billion. So in terms of some overall pressure, there are still kind of back to almost unprecedented levels of capital in the overall business at this point in time. So for us, it's been positive. It's had an impact. But when you think about kind of where we are, you start to see that flatten out a little bit. So marginally positive to flattening out.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. When we said, Jay, overall -- first of all, we're just pleased with the progress overall, the fundamentals of the business around sort of wins, new wins, net new wins, and that's now been positive for 5 consecutive quarters, just as we expected it would be once sort of the overall set of adjustments are made when we brought the 2 firms together. The 7%, I said before, kind of had 200 to 300 basis points of pricing, which is leveling out some kind of onetime discretionary spends, which we think will probably go away. But so you back that out, you're kind of still at the 4% to 5% range and we see that kind of progress over the course of the year.
Gregory C. Case: Let's start with one of the things that we saw enough promise and we actually -- we talked about some of the alignment around health and benefits. We've actually moved the entire Health and Benefits business, so $721 million for the revenue or thereabouts, from Aon Hewitt over to Aon Risk Solutions sort of in the context of that and saw a very strong growth sort of in the quarter as a result of that. So if one wanted kind of a very explicit underpinning sort of talk's cheap or what action are you taking, there is very specific action that we took based on early returns that we saw that we think are really beginning to have impact on the business but will have much, much more impact over time as we sort of take the capability we've got sort of in the context of where we are and deliver some of the Hewitt capability into the Risk client base and also in the middle market, so we're seeing that quite substantially and that's one example. What I'd also say on the health care exchanges, one of the investments if you think about it, we're involved in the design of those but also there's this [indiscernible] Brokerage involved in that and administration. So very directly, we're kind of connecting in terms of overall capabilities to serve our clients. So we would say, Matthew, there's a lot of connection and it is, at least, are more than we anticipated coming into the overall merger and early returns are very good in terms of sort what we're doing, but they're early. We've got a long way to go and we're continuing to build, but feel good about the progress.
Gregory C. Case: Well, think you're going to look at -- you're going to see growth across the board. In many respects, you're going to hopefully see growth sort of in the Aon Hewitt side x Health and Benefits. Literally, what we're doing -- you just think about the capability we've got on the Outsourcing side, the delivery capability we've got. If you imagine that in the middle market, I mean think about it, Hewitt before was much more a U.S.- and U.K.-focused company, had certainly operations around the world. But Aon exceptionally strong around the world, incredibly strong little markets, so great capability in the context of that. And it also, as you sort of move up market, the Hewitt capability sort of in the large corporate arena was just extraordinary. So bringing risk capability to there we think could be very positive. The exchanges we've talked about before. So from our standpoint, we actually see connectivity across the business. We think you're going to see results sort of in multiple places.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, I think -- call out -- I don't know if we're going to sort of explicitly say this exactly was driven by client enrollment.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. What I said there are couple of things there. One was pricing, which was marginally positive. And then there are a couple of kind of one-off sort of additions, just really adjustments we made on behalf of clients that have impacted the quarter. So I really said there was 2 to 3 points overall that included pricing as part of it.
Gregory C. Case: I think from a competitive standpoint, all of our businesses are competitive. All of them are -- sort of have prices sort of as one aspect of it. We continue to compete on value, which is helping our clients understand what we can do to help improve their operating performance or reduce their volatility or strengthen the balance sheets or really just help them improve performance. And that's actually served us well on the Reinsurance side, on the Retail side and in Aon Hewitt.
Gregory C. Case: I still think it's like the business has been over time, there's lots of competition, lots of competitors out there sort of talking to clients. What we believe we've got is, Alex, a very unique way to sort of talk about the value we can bring to the market and whether it's on the advice side, on the consulting side or it's on the delivery side. And what we do on the outsourcing side, we think we've got a very unique platform in which we can actually offer our client not only the diagnosis and sort of help understand what to do but also and how to do it and actually do it for them on the outsourcing side. So we think the platform called Aon Hewitt is actually quite unique in the context of the HR Solutions world, just like we believe the risk solutions platform we have with Aon Risk Solutions and Aon Benfield is very unique.
Gregory C. Case: I just want to say thanks to everybody for joining the call this quarter. We appreciate it and look forward to discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
