Christa Davies: Greg, I might just finish with as we think about our business we really manage it over the course Dave of a full year and we certainly expect to grow margins over the course of 2020. We expect to grow EPS and we have an extremely strong free cash flow outlook and I think while there's pressure for sure in Q4 on revenue and therefore on margins we expect to continue to grow in 2021 and continue to manage all four of those metrics; revenue, margins, EPS and free cash flow over the course of the year. 
Christa Davies: Yes, Dave we do expect to grow margins next year. If you looked at 2020 margins an example we expect to grow margins and 2020 and we're up 170 basis points year-to-date. Long-term our goal to drive margin expansion each year as evidenced by our record 27.5% margins in 2019 up 250 basis points on top of ten years of margin expansion with 70 to 80 basis points each year net of ongoing investment in the business and we would say a long-term margin expansion is driven by revenue growth, our portfolio mix shift hire both higher margin areas and Aon business services driving productivity. And we believe, we have got substantial opportunity for margin expansion with the combination of Willis Tower Watson number one and growing a Aon core margin number two growing Willis Tower Watson margins and number three adding on the 800 million of synergies, which we are very confident delivering.
Christa Davies: Terrific. Thanks for the question Elyse. We do believe we're exactly on track to close in the first half of 2021. We filed our joint definitive proxy on Wednesday, July 8th and completed the share with overwhelming support on August 26 with 99% of Aon share we sighted for a 96% of Willis Tower Watson share is voting for. We do not expect to provide update to the regulatory process unless we have something to report. As John Haley mentioned on the Willis Tower Watson's earning call yesterday several global antitrust filing be required in connection with the closed transaction the specific planning process and timing varies by jurisdiction, and we do not expect to provide updates until we have something to report. But as we've previously indicated we are on track and expect to be able to close in the first half of 2021.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much Elyse. Look in response to macroeconomic certainty we did pull buyback March in order to maintain liquidity, stability and flexibility and then we did announce last quarter we resume a limited amount of buyback for the remainder of the year. We're not giving guidance about capital allocation going full but we'll assess it based on actual forecasted cash flow as well as capital market conditions. And so, what you did see Elyse is exceptionally strong free cash flow stunning in the first nine months of the year up 91% to $1.9 billion but the macro uncertainty remains and so what you'll see is we continue to allocate cash based on return on capital, cash on cash return and buyback remains the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon even at Aon's peak valuation or peak stock price and so at today's prices it is a fantastic return on capital opportunity and so we will continue buyback but it'll be based on the cash we generate and capital market conditions.
Christa Davies: So Suneet actually what I said was if you think about the 800 million of synergies so if you think about the accretion it was really based on two things. It was based on the 800 million of synergies and it was based on a capital allocation. [Audio gap] 800 million and [Audio gap] quarter and continue to buy that shares and so if you think about accretion mathematically if you think about the original accretion assumptions on a smaller EPS base then it would be more accretive today.
Christa Davies: Suneet we will see any impact should there be a change in administration especially given the timeline may expect the deal. 
Christa Davies: Suneet thanks so much for the question because long term our goal is to continue to drive margin expansion this year. We do not see some cap on margins. In fact we continue to see margin expansion for the foreseeable future. And it's really driven by revenue growth, our portfolio mix shift to higher revenue growth higher margin areas and Aon business services continuing to drive productivity. We obviously see substantial margin expansion with the combination of Willis Tower Watson because you get Aon core margin expansion plus Willis Tower Watson margin expansion plus the synergies and as we look at our portfolio today the portions that are more analytic in nature tend to be higher margin areas of the portfolio and so that gives us confidence going forward that we'll continue to have long-term margin expansion.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question and what we would say is we expect to continue to drive margin expansion each year including if you thought about returning to a normalized environment, you'd add expenses back as revenue came back and so we'd be very disciplined about making sure that occurred but if you think about the new better operating model where we're consulting with clients about today in terms of the work coalition you can think about sort of areas like long term, lower real estate costs, more service delivery centers and ongoing Aon business services providing productivity improvements over time. And so there are many areas in which we think the opportunity for margin expansion continues to accelerate.
Christa Davies: Thank you so much because we are managing cash and liquidity incredibly conservatively. You can see that as we built up cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet you can see it because we decreased debt by 300 million between end of Q2 and end of Q3. You can see it because we've got a very conservative debt ladder long-term for the firm and so we're being very conservative in response to macroeconomic and therefore, go jump in Greg. 
Christa Davies: And so, what we see is we're managing this based on our free cash flow which is exceptionally strong I mean free cash flow up 908 million years-to-date up 91% and then obviously the return on capital opportunity of share a purchase is exceptional and it was exceptional at peak stock price levels for Aon and at today's prices is just a stunning return to shareholders and so for us we'll continue to manage liquidity incredibly conservatively and then we'll continue to invest based on return on capital cash on cash returns as we think about the firm but Greg please jump in. 
Greg Case: And even Dave, you think about sort of the overall economy which seconds or how it struggles to evolve over time I just also want to remind you on top of and I really say on top of what Christa just described we can consider the broad-based risk that are no longer on the rise of in our face and like pandemic, climate change, intellectual property all the things we outlined in our white paper that John described so well on the call yesterday and Willis Tower Watson. These are things that are real. They are in front of us. They're going to create demand over time because clients got to find ways to address these _. So on top of all Christa described that's what we're really excited about the combination being able to address.
Greg Case: Yes.The highlight it. This is about this is truly uncertainty. We are observing by the way the pressure that we described which is real is as Christa described before 80% in scored 90% discretionary but 20% disproportionately for us shows up in Q4 and at 20% are things like M&A services. We have an awesome business here wonderful support for clients but if shovels don't go in the ground that doesn't happen eventually it happens but it's it builds the business over time over the coming years we're not talking about the category. It's great but in Q4 it's about uncertainty where it is same is true on some of the health businesses we described travel, events, etc. So we're just highlighting there's a lot of uncertainty in Q4. No one really knows well if anybody out there knows please call us. We'd like to know exactly what's going on but our colleagues have just done a masterful job being ready for clients to move and modify and shape, help them shape their strategies but we just have a huge amount of uncertainty sort of in terms of Q4 with growth in 2021 and all the things that Christa described nothing has changed in our overall growth profile on what we expect long term.
Greg Case: I think the stat you added the piece two aspects of it Jimmy very important question. One just when you think about talent and I think you're asking about talent in addition to just the antitrust fees ask yourself as we come together our colleagues are going to able to sit across the table from clients with more capabilities for clients that's a wonderfully positive thing and that's what we want to try to do that's what we're focused on. Eric, in his work with his colleagues at Willis Tower Watson and others are really working on sort of how that calling value proposition comes together to make it more compelling. This is not about synergy. It's about literally net new and that then fits on the client side and if you step back and think about there's been a 30 year period when you think about risk as a percent of GDP where it's gotten less significant we're becoming less significant as an industry that's what the facts tell us. And by the way at a time when client need is going up and then that's become even more pronounced during pandemic and so again this is what the white paper was about and as we begin to think about addressing those opportunities that's why this is about growth that's why this is -- there will be synergies of course you bring two firms together but this is about growth addressing some of the most significant risks in the world today that are unaddressed literally unaddressed pandemic, climate, intellectual property even cyber relatively less addressed. And in the end it's a real opportunity in terms of sort of where we are and what we're trying to do and there's lots of opportunities out there as you think about sort of where we are in specific events that are happening every day. But in the end this is really about client opportunity and creating net new as part of this combination. 
Greg Case: Yes. Well similar as we said in our last discussion really this is the space we absolutely love the overall opportunity and health we think is tremendous coming into 2020 and as you well know Jimmy has become even more pronounced you think about everything that's happening with the pandemic. It's now literally in every border and every company around the world and our opportunity to support clients here is tremendous. So we love this long term and we love it even in the short term and what you saw in Q3 was just continued progression. There is still a lot of uncertainty, still a lot of discretionary uh events happen in the fourth quarter as it relates to health particularly in the U.S. but we love this space long term and the team has done a great job we are really looking forward to kind of seeing this business grow and progress.
Greg Case: And so on top of that Suneet, if you think you think about what Christa just described if just painted a picture over the coming years literally all the pieces are in place for margin expansion. We think about Aon business services and the capabilities the next incarnation of that called the new way Aon business services as we bring the firms together sort of in the new world here the opportunity over the next few years that's in place and there's tremendous opportunity for Aon by itself, Willis Tower Watson by itself and for the combination and that's we're pretty excited about that. But beyond that if you go to the innovation white paper for just a minute and ask a question there are issues that must be addressed. Client need is going up. As we address those issues they're going to be done with analytics and capability so that we're building over time. That analytics gives us a margin profile that's different than it has been before. If you look at other analytics businesses their margin profile and their growth is much more substantial than ours are. So there's the ceiling you're describing it's a great question but we don't see that at all. In fact, because we have all what we do and we help our colleagues because it really is about our colleagues more than any time ever about our colleague we're truly supporting them with greater levels of analytics that help us address these questions. This outcome great for our clients, great for our colleagues happens to be exceptionally good for our shareholders as well in terms of where we are. So that's why we're so excited about the investment and the combination to address this next level of issues that are out there and no longer on the horizon. They are at our doorstep with a higher awareness than ever before to address them.
Greg Case: Yes and I'm just trying to put you if you think about this in context of our overall strategy and what we're doing like Christa describing literally the discipline and the approach we've taken in managing our balance sheet and driving free cash flow and that has been exceptional and it continues to be exceptional and we have the capacity to do a lot as we invest in the business as we do share buyback and anything that sort of drives return on invested capital and ultimately free cash flow over time but I would highlight you're seeing the buyback. Again we have capacity to do a lot but the example that I described around intellectual property isn't example we're investing in the core business and really doing things from an innovation standpoint. The loan we made the investment to do that took hundreds and hundreds of colleagues coming together to model intellectual property in ways that's never been modeled before, literally never been modeled before in a way that we could actually insure a patent portfolio and then get a loan against the patent portfolio and so we're making lots of investment in the businesses sort of as we build it over time. I love the example that John gave yesterday John Haley on the climate so we're investing we see this as one of the next big horizon around how we help clients think about the transition from in a challenged world and we can help reduce volatility against that by matching capital with risk and fundamentally this is what we're talking about and the beauty of it is from a cash standpoint we have an exceptionally strong balance sheet, exceptionally strong free cash flow which will be reinforced as we come together in the combination that allows us to actually do the things that Christa described allocate capital to improve the capital buyback shares Obviously, makes sense for all the reasons Christa describe but also invest in the business and bring in additional capability as needed. So we're you say cash it is the thing we live every day. We focus on in terms of what we're trying to do and we're working to strengthen to build that over time. 
Greg Case: I just want to say to everyone as always thank you so much for joining us. We appreciate it and look forward to our conversation next quarter. Thanks very much. 
Eric Andersen: Christa, maybe a fallow-on at around how we're doing with the integration process because I think it's pretty important. We've actually done a lot of work around the culture of the firm's understanding how each of the firm's operates through the client centricity, the capabilities of each of the terms have the so complementary and we've been using this period of time really to focus on getting to know each other trying to figure out how do we work better together as Greg mentioned on the white paper finding those opportunities. So while that regulatory process is going on we've been spending an awful lot of time setting up and doing the planning about how we're going to come together. 
Eric Andersen: Yes Greg, maybe to pick up on it just to pick up on it for a second because I do think our Aon United Strategy which we've been working on for several years around how we integrate around the client bringing all the capabilities whether it's bringing reinsurance modeling to property clients on our commercial risk side there's a hundred of these examples that are out there. Willis Tower Watson has very similar client focused and efforts underway and so when you bring those together as Christa said this is all about finding new ways to serve our existing clients to do more for them and I think the excitement that's building both from an Aon and the Willis Tower Watson inside it's really starting to come together as people start to see the possibilities.
Eric Andersen: So this is Eric. I would say it was pretty minor. The reinsurance business continues to be great on a full year basis but we're obviously in the third and fourth quarter are the smallest quarters for us because most of the treaty business is done. It's now facultative and any kind of investment banking work that gets done. So I would say was pretty immaterial.
