Gregory C. Case: Well, I appreciate the question. I think the area of investment is obviously an important one for the quarter and really for the next few quarters. As Christa described, it's important you really do understand what we're ramping up in 2012. And if you step back and think about what we are accomplishing with our investments, what we've done with the Aon Broking investment around GRIP and the overall GRIP platform, we believe is actually quite unique. I do want to emphasize, as Christa described, our view is, the Risk Solutions margin will be positive in 2012. So in the end, when we think about these investments in the trade-offs, as we look at margin overall, we look at it on a year-to-year basis. And this is going to get reflected in this year. But step back and think about what we try to accomplish, we want to grow organically, increase margins, increase earnings per share. And we're not just focused on individual quarters. We're going to focus on the year overall, and we are going to take steps to improve the foundation of Aon to the extent we think it can improve operating leverage. These are the kinds of investments we have been making. There have been a number that have been on the traditional side that largely the entire industry has been doing around adding talent. We continue to do that, too. That's affected the quarter. Those will pay off over time. But what's different about this quarter is a specific decision we made for 2012 to ramp up Aon Broking and to ramp up what we're doing with overall GRIP. And this is a very important question. When you think about what we've done, we talked about GRIP, really, for the last couple of years. And what we needed to do, first of all, is understand our flow. So $60 billion plus of flow around the world. We needed to do the analytics behind it, drove that -- by the way, that investment got no monetization, so we didn't get a lot of benefit out of that. Then we had to actually introduce that to our clients around the world and our markets to really prove the concept. And on this call and some individual conversations, we talked about proving concept of GRIP and Aon Broking in 2011. And we believe we've absolutely done that. We've got 25-plus carriers who have actually come online and actually are making use of the data. We've been able to actually launch a D&O program last summer that proves what we can do on behalf of clients. So Dan, we've made specific steps to truly prove the concept around what we've done with Aon Broking. And now, what we're doing is we've decided we're going scale it. And scale up means we're going to make additional investments in technology. By the way, we're going to add the entire Health and Benefits flow, which is another $24 billion of flow. We're adding some geographies. We're making it more automated and we're putting people around it. So we've actually got dedicated teams who are representing the carriers as they come online. So each of the 25 carriers, we've got various versions of dedicated teams that help them do what they need to do, to actually better match their capital with our clients. And the reason I'm taking a bit of time to make the point is, this is a fundamental difference in the type of investment that I think has been made across the industry. We believe is very substantial for Aon and that it improves our operating leverage, but it also strengthens our client-serving capability. In many respects, if you think about what we were able to accomplish in 2011, we got quite excited about what we were able to pull together and realize that in our order to actually roll that out, we needed to ramp up. And that's, if fact, what we've done. It's important again -- a lot of times when people actually bring people online or brokers online, they're talking about a multiyear payback. We know what this payback looks like. We know what the pipeline is, we know the revenue potential, we know the cost to ramp up and support. By the way, we know there's going to be headwind as we ramp up, but we also know in the context of that there will be positive margin for the year. And what we're going to have in the end, is we're going to have positive margin, but we're also going to have a platform in place that is best-in-class around data and analytics with now over $80 billion of flow. We've got revenues from carriers, who get great value to serve our clients. And we're going to get higher yield per dollar premium play. So for us, this is an opportunity to ramp up something that we've actually been working on for quite some time, and you'll see benefit in year. We could basically absorb the kind of proof phase of this, if you will, for the last couple of years, but we're not going to be able to absorb the ramp-up piece. But we're quite confident about what the overall benefit's going to look like for us and what it's going to mean for you. So that's the difference.
Gregory C. Case: Well, I'd say and I would contrast, by the way, you asked the question quite appropriately on investments. What we just described on GRIP is different than what we're doing from the health care exchange stand point. That's actually got a bit more of a lead time. We're putting in place a whole series of things that actually will launch these exchanges, both looking at the corporate side and on the retirement side. And so it's going to take a bit more time, but we see this as a fundamental opportunity. This, again, if you think about what's different around Aon Hewitt from when we actually brought the firms together, one of them is a very explicit decision to invest the better part of $75 million over the course of the couple of years in these exchange arenas, which we think are going to be quite beneficial for our clients and quite beneficial for our shareholders over time. But the lead time is going to be longer.
Gregory C. Case: Well, so a couple of aspects on that. As you think about -- we've been investing in talent, and we'll continue to do so, over time, particularly as described in Asia and Latin America and the high-growth areas around the world. And we see opportunity with the talent investments on this coming end of 2012 and in 2013. But I want to contrast that with the people investment we're making in GRIP. Those investments we're making as we ramp up, we see benefit in 2012, with very clear line of sight of where that's going to come from. And again, I contrast that. And the reason I'm spending a bit of time on this, it's important you understand the nature of that investment around building the technology platform, putting it in place, bringing it in front of carrier, potential carriers, having them actually buy into it and come online, gives us very clear confidence in sort of what it means to ramp that up and get benefit out of that. And we see that from a people investment in '12. And then the others are the more traditional. So it's essentially adding 300, 400, 500 people across Latin America and Asia because we see big opportunities and that's going to take a bit more of time to play out.
Gregory C. Case: It's almost as if you think about, literally, the series of investment ARS, Aon Benfield are ahead of where Aon Hewitt is. Aon Hewitt has come online, we've actually now -- we've got a clear sight of what we think we want the portfolio to look like, where we see the investment opportunities to be. Those play out a bit longer term, as Christa just described. And the others are going to yield benefits much sooner because, frankly, they're in a -- we've actually had a bit more time to work with them over the last few years.
Gregory C. Case: Well, this is, again, the opportunity really is, it's carriers around the world, it really is about how we align their capital and where they want to place it with our flow around the world. So again, obviously, nothing's ever guaranteed. But to be able to match their interest with our flow is an incredibly powerful thing. So if you're a carrier virtually of any size around the world and you have a view on where you want to invest and how you want to invest, what GRIP does is enable you to actually get access, get exposure, get true connection to our flow in a way that you can actually apply your capital and win business. And we've actually, as we talked about proving the concept, we've actually worked with large carriers and medium-sized carriers both. And just for reference, proving the concept, 25 carriers is what we talked about. We work with over 2,000 carriers around the globe, so this a very large percentage. We absolutely don't believe that all of them are going to engage in this, nor do we want them to, nor do they need to. But we believe the opportunity is substantial, really, if you're a large carrier, a medium-sized carrier or small carrier.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. I think as we said back, again, we wanted to be -- we want to first be very careful in terms of how we put items in place that will actually improve our ability to serve our clients, which GRIP does. Support our markets and our carriers, which GRIP does. And as we said before kind of proving the concept and making sure that we could provide value to both those constituents with very sophisticated large carriers, medium-sized carriers and carriers around the world, is exactly what we wanted to do. Obviously, for competitive reasons, I know this is going to be pretty sensitive in terms of sort of how we think about this. But over time, we, as we said before, are doing this because we think it gives us a fundamentally better platform. These analytics help our clients very substantially and the markets very substantially, and it improves our operating leverage. So in essence, if you think about sort of our ability to improve margin, as Christa described before, on lower levels of growth, we believe, quite strongly, that GRIP will help us do that. And so why isn't it showing up in 2012, if that's the case? And this is really the ramp-up. So this is a fundamental decision taken by Aon and its leadership team over the last couple of years to invest behind what we believe is a unique data set in the world today to operationalize it and actually get it in front of clients in a way that we can actually monetize it. It's taken us a period of time to do that. By the way, I wish we would have -- I wish we could have done it faster and we could have done it in months instead of a couple of years, but it's taken that time to actually pull all this together. And what you see now is the ramp up and that's really the first 3 quarters. But we also want to highlight, maybe, slightly different in most "investments" that are made sort of in the brokerage world in which you bring in a broker and talk about an 18- to 24-month payback. We know what this looks like and we said we're going to have positive brokerage margin in 2012, which highlights sort of how this could be accretive.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. I would say, first of all, Americas is up 4%, international is up 4% and we feel good about -- we always want to grow more, but we feel good about this from the standpoint. When you think about our European book, which is very, very substantial for us, disproportionately substantial -- and by the way, the renewal for that is about 50% in the first quarter. So that had a bit of a drag, when you think about all the things that are going on in Europe. Although our European colleagues did a remarkable job. Then the Americas, as you said, up 4%. U.S. was not really impacted by the market. We had minimal price impact in the U.S. It was really management of the renewable book and what we've done with Client Promise and a number of other things that's really helped us. We looked at something called rollover, which is you keep the client, literally, what happens to the revenue in the context of that. And that improved -- that's really what helped us. New business was roughly flat across the board. Retention was strong, rollover was up and it was really driven by management actions here more than it was the overall market. We think we've got a lot of leverage still out there to GDP pricing improvement, if it shows up over time, but we didn't see it as much in Q1.
Gregory C. Case: I would highlight, Jay, as Christa said, the savings came over, so I think they're going to show up throughout the year. But this has not been a trivial exercise. It's $720-plus million of revenue that moved over. We weren't sure exactly sort of what specific pieces. We now have much more clarity on exactly what it means to the penny that sort of bring this business over. So that's really what we actually -- we upped. I would reflect, as you step back, really I think to the core of your question is, how are we feeling about the business long term? And I would say, that remains unchanged. We've got sort of timing and movement in the middle. There have been some deal model changes around H and B, in which we made a decision, as Christa described, core business we've talked about. But long term, we feel very positive about where we are with Aon Hewitt and how's it evolving over time. And again, this is -- you can look at the movie, go back and look at what's happened in Aon Benfield, go back and look what's happened -- and see what we're doing with GRIP now and what we're doing with Aon Risk Solutions. Aon Hewitt's sort of the next in the line and we see that progressing. There'll be puts and takes, but we see it progressing very well.
Gregory C. Case: So I first of all, Jay, fully understand the frustration and sort of, particularly, quarter-to-quarter movement and margin improvement. And I would ask you to do the following. Step back, think about sort of how this has worked over time, sort of on the Risk Solutions side, 320 basis point improvement from 2007, a 500 basis point improvement in 2005 against the headwinds that you described. In that context, we invested a lot. By the way, we also had a lot of restructuring savings that we could absolutely absorbed. As those wound down, we still have some left. We took full advantage of that, in our view, invest more heavily in the business than we think probably anyone in the industry. And in fact, it didn't show up in quarter-to-quarter, it shows up over time. The biggest investment we've made sort of outside of the traditional adding talent is the investment in growth. And what you're really starting to see is the confidence we've got to ramp that up. And what we're essentially saying is, that ramp-up happens in '12 and yet you're still going to see margin improvement in '12, even with that ramp-up and then you're going to see substantial operating leverage in '13. So I understand your frustration quarter-to-quarter, but I'd ask you to step back and say, in the end, when you get done with 2012, we're going to have GRIP basically ramped up; Aon Broking fully online, a platform which is, we believe, fundamentally higher leverage platform from an operation standpoint than anything we've ever had before; client-serving capability that we think is going to be stronger; and our ability to connect with markets and generate revenue streams to support markets, which is also stronger and unique. And while we'd always love to produce quarter-to-quarter, we will take that trade to get to that position for 2012 and establish 2013 to '14. It's just something that we're going to do to build our firm long term.
Gregory C. Case: In many respects, Brian, if you think about where we are, this is no different than the question, is there a competition in Aon Benfield for our treaty business? Is there competition in Aon Risk Solutions for large corporate arenas, et cetera? These are the things we do every day. There is definitely price competition, it will always be there. We're going to always come back and go to the market around Aon offering that we believe is highly value-oriented and highly value-based. Our objective is to deliver more value per dollar than anyone else. That means we should have a price premium. We have to support that price premium with real value. And that's really what we're working through with our team and they're doing a great job at sort of reacting to the market and coming back with different ideas and perspectives. The good news about this sector, just like it is on the Risk side, is you step back and say, fundamentally, is there real client demand. Our client -- do clients need to actually do something about health and benefits growth, cost growth that shows up in their P&L every year, and the answer is yes. Do they need to do something about pension, and pension challenges? Yes. Can you do something about the talent side and the rewards side? Yes. So we see client demand high, competition similar as we see across our businesses and it's our job to react to it and deal with it.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. Listen, the 26% next step that we've described -- by the way, in the next step of our evolution on the margin side is in full force and we have absolute focus on achieving it and aim to improve operating margin, risk margin every year until we get to the 26%. Then we'll come back and talk to you about sort of where we are from there. But we, Yaron, see, really, the investments we're making this year and what we're able to do in GRIP, actually, in our view, increases the probability substantially. I think we're marching our way toward 26%. And we've essentially said irrespective of market conditions, irrespective of investments over time. Repeat that, market conditions and investments over time, we're going to get to a 26% margin. If you go back and look at our history, what we've been able to achieve, we'll see how 2012 plays out and where we are in 2013. But I want to emphasize 26% is the next step in the journey. And we think -- what we were able to achieve in 2011, we're actually quite excited about in terms of the opportunity, and excited about how it's going to play out in '12 and set the stage for '13 and '14.
Gregory C. Case: I mean one of the things I would say is, if we were -- one, we're backing off. You'd say we made these investments, let's see what happens. We essentially say we're ramping up these investments and we're going to get margin improvement in 2012. The and there is quite important.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. I think, in the end -- you never know exactly how this is going to play out and what decisions are going to get made. We come back to the fundamentals. And the fundamentals here are, literally, is there going to be health care out there? Yes. Is there going to be a need for companies to play a role in that in helping their employees? Yes. And will there be a big need for advice to increase that we'll have to ramp up as employers are trying to navigate in the new world? And we think in almost every case, the answer to that is yes. That's going to be very, very positive from that standpoint. And we don't believe the Supreme Court ruling is going to have a material impact on the business overall. It could affect the timing, plus or minus. But overall, we think the majority of what we do for clients continues to stand, irrespective of the outcome of the overall decision.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. So Aon Benfield as we described drove 5% organic for the quarter, which is the best we've done in quite some time. The real -- when you think about that overall impact, market impact was a piece of it, but it was relatively smaller, very low single digits. By the way, it was a bit pricing but also by retention as we described before. By far, the biggest impact on the quarter was the treaty book. So it wasn't fact [ph], and it wasn't capital markets, it was the treaty book. And it was really new business over lost business from that period of time. And that's really what drove the growth of the quarter. If you think about the property book for us about 70% of the book overall and the new business is really all from properties. We've thought about sort of what we've done and the team's just done a great job. Really, as we brought the firms together and described, before -- essentially, the first year was sort of clients really couldn't react because we were so close to the renewal deadlines in 2009. 2010, they kind of did their adjustments. 2011, we really saw the beginning of the ramp up. Where we were winning more and more new business. And what you saw this quarter was not really market, as much as it was new business generation.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. Retention trends have been very, very good year-on-year, in fact, increasing and really has been one of the issues we've had to deal with. So as these prices gone up and retention has sort of burned back about half of that when you think about sort of what we're looking at for the quarter overall.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. In fact, great question. Literally, this has come online. If you think about what you have to do, you step back and basically realize you're running on top of the better part of $60 billion of flow, didn't really know exactly how it'd come together and how it would fit and how you could actually bring it to the marketplace. So there's a set of analytics that, again, you don't really get a chance to monetize, as you pull that together, you just absorb that. That's substantial, but not as substantial as the ramp up. And then you actually take it to market. You prove the concept for 25 markets and you prove the concept and being able to actually offer different panels and offerings in the market place, which we did last summer. And then you basically say then we need to ramp it up, which is the final set of technology investments to broaden it. By the way, one of the reasons we brought the Health and Benefits business over is we literally give a chance to bring now the $24 billion of Health and Benefits flow into this fold, which is fantastic. And we're now working on doing that, expanding it more globally and then adding the people around it. But to your specific point, once that's done, we've got the platform in place. And the costs associated is much more variable with the additional revenue that comes with that. So again, it's back to the opportunity here to both strengthen our client-serving capability, strengthen how we link to the markets and, very important and, improve operating leverage in the business. Obviously, we don't give guidance here in terms of what this is going to be, but we see real opportunity in terms of sort of what it's going to create for us overall.
Gregory C. Case: Well, we said before, we really -- it's really part of the overall program. We don't give it out and break it out specifically. What we would come back and say is, the way you hold our feet to the fire is you look at brokerage margin year-over-year and that's we've got to include in our increase. And margins have been up substantial. If you think about sort of what we've been able to do over the last few years, and we have very high expectations on what we're going to be able to do over the next few years with this one opportunity.
Gregory C. Case: Larry, by the way, happy to beat this one into the ground as long as you'd like to do because this is certainly something we focus a lot on and it's very important, we think, to the continued progression at Aon. First of all, it does accelerate the movement. This is a step we wanted to take. Again, that improves our client-serving capability, our market-facing capability and increases leverage in the business. And as we said, if you think about it, we're not only going to make investments in '12, we're going to get the ramp-up investments, we're going to get yield in '12. So operating margin, we said, our Risk Solutions margin will increase in '12. And then in '13, obviously, it'll have a positive impact, perhaps, even a more positive impact in '13 than in '12 because you won't have the continued ramp-up costs. Those will have stabilized and you'll have the benefit.
Gregory C. Case: I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Aon and look forward to our next discussion.
Christa Davies: And in terms of the revenue, Dan, I mean we will see revenue in this year on the retiree exchange and the corporate exchange will sort of ramp up. But we see the return on this investment being one of the highest across the business, which is why we've made such a large investment.
Christa Davies: And we certainly see the revenue from these coming in Q4 and we see the investments ramping down in Q3.
Christa Davies: Yes. Well, what we would say is, and I did say, that we expect that operating income is going to be down modestly year-over-year in Q2 and Q3 and flat in Q4 before growing in 2013. And really, the investments we said were going to be $40 million in 2011 and an additional $35 million in 2012. And that $35 million is really front-half weighted because we do see revenues coming in the exchange business in Q4 because it ties with the annual enrollment cycle, which is at that time period of the year.
Christa Davies: No, Adam. What we're really looking at occurring 2012 to 2013 is the ramp-down of the investments and the ramp-up of the savings. And those 2 things will put us to operating income growth in 2013.
Christa Davies: Yes. Jay, there are really 2 things that changed. We transferred $26 million of savings to the Risk Solutions segment related to Health and Benefits and we have a slightly more conservative view on discretionary spend for project-related revenue. And so we'd now expect operating income to be down modestly year-over-year, whereas -- I did say in Q4 that we thought it will be up modestly year-over-year. And we certainly believe that it will grow in 2013 as the investments ramp down and the savings ramp up. And we improved the core business performance.
Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, I think as we sort of -- as we transfer that business and allocated the savings, I think it's really sort of $26 million of the savings were delivered in Q1 and I think we've got an incremental $26 million of savings that are going to come through. And so I think having seen the savings come through in Q1, I think it's just giving us a better clarity to the amount of savings that are going to happen related to the Health and Benefits business.
Christa Davies: And Jay, I'd say as we allocate capital, we think about return on capital as the right metric. And as the growth prospects improve in our business, the return on capital of these investments also improves. And therefore, we're actually investing more. And so I think that's what you're really seeing in this calendar year.
Christa Davies: Yes. Brian, we continue to see pricing competition in the Benefits Administration business. It's exactly in line with what we originally modeled when we did the deal, and it's been fairly consistent over the last 3 years. It hasn't got materially better, but it hasn't got materially worse. And so what I would say is, that is absolutely impacting core business performance, and we continue to talk about that. The other thing I would say though is, project revenue, which is high-margin revenue, is not offsetting this. And that was one of the things we had originally anticipated to offset this pricing competition. And so I think that's really sort of the impact in this calendar year that's different from what we had originally modeled.
Christa Davies: I think we would expect that it correlates with the economic growth, it correlates with M&A and we would expect that to occur Q4 and 2013.
Christa Davies: Yes. So Brian, we've said we expect significant reduction in the global effective tax rate over the long term, and we've said that is similar to what we've achieved over the last 5 years, which is really a sort of a 500 basis point reduction and in line with certain global competitors. And we do expect the global effective tax rate for calendar year 2012 to be 28%.
Christa Davies: And we would say, Yaron, that on the journey's 26%, the single biggest contributor to it is the Aon Broking initiative and the investments we're making in GRIP. And so that's why we feel so confident about getting to the 26% margin.
Christa Davies: Yes. So for 2012, we had said that we do approximately $100 million in Q1 and $150 million per quarter from Q2 to Q4, with potential for the $300 million of additional purchase using the excess capital in the balance sheet. And there is no change to that guidance. I don't think it's in our best interest to provide specific guidance on the timing. But it is worthwhile saying that any incremental use of cash flow or excess capacity, including the $300 million of cash held internationally, will be evaluated and allocated on the highest return on invested capital. And we continue to believe that share buyback is the highest return on capital across the firm because we look at the long-term growth prospects for Aon and we have an internal valuation, which is substantially higher than where we're trading at today, and we will be opportunistic about taking advantage of that.
Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, again, we're not going to provide specific timing and guidance. But of course, if it's our highest return on capital, then we will take advantage of any opportunities. And history's a very good guide of future behavior.
Christa Davies: Yes. So as we think about our retirement consulting business and the transition from DB to DC, then there really is a decline in that sort of actuarial business, which is being offset by the investments we're making in investment consulting. And that is why we're making the investments in investment consulting because it's a very high area of growth to help clients navigate, managing pension risk and thinking through their portfolio and their unfunded liabilities and managing that volatility correctly.
