Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Sure. So, Dave, as we think about this program, it's really about bringing together Aon under one operating model. So as we think about the big buckets, they're exactly as you said. It's IT, it's real estate, and it's people. And if you look at the total $400 million in expense takeout, it's 5% of total expenses. So it really isn't a significant sort of transformational activity. It's really increasing operating leverage across the platform. We have enormous confidence in our ability to hit the $400 million. As you accurately pointed out, historically our performance, we've overachieved on these programs. So we feel very good about the $400 million in savings.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. So I think the simple way to think about this, Sarah, is we used to have two different sets of infrastructure in IT or the operating support areas for Risk Solutions and HR Solutions. And we're really bringing those support areas together in one Aon business. And so it allows us to make substantial changes in IT around data centers. The outsourcing business had a number of clients who were in the defense area as an example. And really it didn't allow us to utilize public cloud infrastructure as much as we can today. In the real estate area for example, we now – we've moved from 72,000 colleagues to 50,000 colleagues. And our 50,000 colleagues are primarily client facing colleagues, who are actually not sitting in the office 9 to 5 in a call center for example, in the Outsourcing business, but actually need to collaborate a lot more to get their work done. And so it allows us to actually optimize the real estate portfolio in a way that we weren't able to previously.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: It does, Sarah. But what it allows us to do is actually pull together the infrastructure that supported HR Solutions with the infrastructure that supported Risk Solutions into one Aon model, which allows us to actually design it for Aon today, which is actually much more like a professional services firm and much less diversified. Because we have the primarily colleagues who are client facing and earning revenue through percent commission on premium placed or fees. And so you've got a much more homogenous environment to design a consistent operating model, if that makes sense.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So first of all I would say, we do have substantial amounts of cash over the coming years. You look at the $3 billion of after-tax proceeds from the sale, you look at $2 billion approximately per year in free cash flow. So you've got approximately $9 billion to invest back into reinvesting in Aon or returning to shareholders. As we think about the balance of that, Sarah, it's really on the same basis we've done it historically, which is return on capital. And we would note that the highest return on capital across Aon remains share repurchase, which is why we increased the share repurchase authorization by $5 billion last quarter. And the other thing I would say though is, we have a robust M&A pipeline with some really attractive opportunities. And so we are fortunate to have great options to both reinvest back into Aon and to return the money to shareholders.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Here's what I'd say, Kai. We're obviously not going to give guidance for the free cash flow of 2017. What we can say is that the right starting point for 2016 is to start with the $2.1 billion we actually delivered in 2016 and take out $400 million for the lost operating income from Tempo and other cash charges.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So what I would say is that the adjusted effective tax rate for continuing operations, not including the disposition, was 11.1% for Q1. And our rate of 11.1% in the first quarter primarily reflects the $29 million benefit from a required change in accounting for share based compensation. Excluding that change in accounting, the rate for continuing operations would have been 17.5%. And we are not giving guidance going forward.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So as we think about the business, we make decisions based on return on capital and free cash flow margin. We continue to focus on our four key metrics that we report every year and commit to grow every year, organic revenue growth, operating income, EPS, and free cash flow. And we have two targets going forward, double digit free cash flow growth over the long term and then given all the complexity going on, we have an EPS target of greater than $7.97 in 2018.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: No. There was no offset. And, Jay, just to your request, we do recognize that there are a lot of moving parts at the moment. And you can imagine with us having to close the transaction, there was an enormous amount of work going on here too. And we've tried really hard to provide a lot of transparency to the numbers. And I think page 17 of the press release really goes through our financials over the last couple of years on an Aon go-forward basis to help set up your model. And the Excel is actually on our website. So hopefully that will help. And we're here to answer any questions for you.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Sure. So in there are things like corporate costs, data centers, marketing, there's professional services, there's an array of things in there.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. And so, Ryan, if you think about CapEx, we had $222 million of CapEx last year. We lost $80 million of CapEx with the divestiture of the – our Outsourcing business. So that gets you to $122 million as the right starting point. And then – sorry, $142 million as the right starting point. And then you add on the CapEx of $30 million from the restructuring program, so you get to $172 million. And CapEx is mostly for Aon, IT, and real estate.
Gregory C. Case: So, Dave, from our standpoint we'd like you to think about these as five really revenue lines in terms of where we are. We really have one segment, that's really what we're trying to do. One overall P&L. And the opportunity here is it really reinforces what we know we're best at. When we bring global capability, all of Aon to our clients in a local way, we do exceptionally well. And in essence we're reinforcing that. So not only are we taking actions to improve the operating model of the firm, as Christa described, but we're also taking actions that continue to align the firm. So that's what we're trying to do with the revenue lines. And what you see is a reflection of exactly how we think about the business. So you're seeing opportunities – think about commercial risk, reinsurance, retirement, all the efforts around that. What we do in health. And then now Data & Analytic services, which really represents what we do in Data & Analytic services, in which we sell directly to a client – or actually provide directly to a client, not embedded in the work we do. So for us this is the exact reflection of how we think about growing and building the business. Which is why we're excited to actually take this forward on your behalf, because this again is how we think about it internally.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, this is – from the standpoint of accountability there's sustained or even more intensified accountability in terms of sort of what has to happen at the grassroots level to build bottom up, to deliver on behalf of the firm. What you see now though is it comes all together in one P&L, to think about kind of integrated Aon. So this is how I think about the business when we think about – and how Christa thinks about the business, when we think about where and how to place capital. So the accountabilities at the front line remain the same and again are intensified. And the opportunity for us is really to take some very substantial steps forward on where we're going to invest and shape the portfolio. And that's what you're looking at here. You're getting a chance to sort of see the five platforms that are really growth platforms. And again if you step back and think about it from a growth standpoint, we started the year, first quarter 4% growth, strongest we've had since 2012. And we've been thinking about it this way for the last 24 months to 36 months. And now you're just seeing a reflection of that. So this is not any type of a change in sort of the detailed front line. It really is how I think and Christa thinks about allocating capital and growing the business overall.
Gregory C. Case: Okay. Excellent. Listen, on the growth side this is really important just from an overall perspective. Because hopefully you can tell from our tone this morning, we're very enthusiastic about this next set of steps for Aon. This is something we thought about for quite some time. And now we're able to put it into place. Kai, if you think about it the – and this is about accelerating growth. Everything around this is accelerating growth and more impact for clients. The actions we're taking really reflect from our standpoint a real conviction around this opportunity we see before us. And as Christa described, a lot of confidence in our ability to capture it. And remember we – same strategy. Same strategy for the last decade, preeminent professional services firm, focus on risk, retirement, health, underpinned by Data & Analytics. That strategy has served us exceptionally well. As I described in some of my comments and Christa did as well, great NPS, value creation 16%, total return to shareholders for 10 years, great 2016 momentum as we jump into 2017. But we would say, and this what's so important. As we think about the potential of our firm, we're still, Kai, at kind of a four out of 10 in terms of capturing the full opportunity. This is very much kind of the glass half full in terms sort of where we can go. And what we're excited about is we know how to get there. We know this is around meeting client needs more effectively and they're evolving. And then improving Aon. And this is what the restructuring is all about from an Aon standpoint. To get from a 4% to a 7% to an 8% in terms of on a scale of zero to 10, this really involves investing and growing in areas of greatest client need. And you're going to see us do that more and more and more, increase risk of innovation. And then on the Aon piece, it's really aligning Aon more effectively to consistently deliver on this idea of global capability delivered locally. And this is – we call it Aon United. But this is really around becoming a better and better and better professional services firm. And to do that there is a whole series of things around technology, colleague experience, fundamental operations of the firm, as Christa described, we've got to improve on. But we also know the economics and the impact of this as we get this right over the coming 24 months, 36 months has a disproportionate and very strong impact on clients and our colleagues and for our shareholders. And then you get to the Outsourcing piece, why is this a catalyst? As we nurtured this and developed this and created the opportunity, the Outsourcing sale is such a great catalyst, because when you think about what happens when we're done with the moves on the restructuring, we end up with a stronger financial platform in terms of being enable to generate operating income. Because the $900 million investment via the charge and resulting efficiency gain, so it more than just replaces lost income. It really creates operational leverage for us in a very positive way. So you now end up with a platform that has a stronger financial engine. And by definition when you look at the math, is growing faster top line, higher margin, 100 basis points, free cash flow, faster growth, better operating leverage as we add and subtract businesses from the portfolio over time. And then, oh yeah, one other real positive, we generate $3 billion of net proceeds. We invest $900 million back in the business. We've gotten more than $2 billion again to accelerate and invest back into Aon. So for us, Kai, I just – it's important you understand sort of the psychology that went into this. This is something that's been sort of in the works for a long, long time that we're now able to launch with a lot of velocity. And we feel really good about it, which is why Christa described it as kind of in our view the next wave. The next wave for our clients, but equally the next wave for our shareholders. So I know it was a bit long winded, but it hopefully gives you a sense on – so what we're trying to do.
Gregory C. Case: Well, if you see again – if you look at the first quarter and some were already underway, we had record first quarter growth, the highest growth we've had at the company overall since 2012. So our view is this is an accelerant. And that's what it's designed to be. It's really – this is a set of very kind of offensive steps to sort of strengthen our client serving capability and accelerate growth.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. All of us really trying to – I'll just say it in sort of in that. There is always timing around the quarters, Elyse, and there was in this quarter as well. But coming back to the revenue lines, really important. Again this is how we think about sort of the platforms or investment of the platforms for growth overall. If you think about growth, we've encouraged you to look at Aon. And so that's what we're going to look at. Again back to Christa's four metrics, I would note as well, margin is included in that too. And we have a commitment to continue to improve that. So while no target, we have a commitment to improve on all four of the metrics over the course of the year. And in the case of the revenue lines, we've got five revenue lines that for us represent in many respects how we think about growing the business. On the Commercial Risk side, listen, we feel this has gotten off to a very solid start, very much in line with our expectations. Again we're never caught up in kind of the quarter versus the year. But the underlying activity was exceptionally good. New business, $270 million, up 17%. Retention and rollover were up – both up marginally above 94%, very, very good. Marketing impact was flat. And strong performance internationally with some timing in LatAm. So for us we feel very good about the quarter. You're absolutely right in terms of sort of comparing it to previous quarters, our Data & Analytic Services piece would have been in Risk Solutions. And parts of our Health piece would have been in Risk Solutions too. So for us, we feel very good about the growth for the quarter. Again it's record growth for Aon, back to 2012. So feel very good about that and certainly feel good about where we are on the Commercial Risk side.
Gregory C. Case: So again, Paul, we would encourage you not to think about these as five segments. They're not in fact five segments. These are five revenue lines, where Christa and I and the most senior team think about capital allocation and disproportionate investments to change and modify the structure of the firm. Sort of our front line continues as it always has continued, thinking about sort of how we serve clients day to day, supporting each other around where we are. So that – don't look for a lot of change there. This is not in any way, shape, or form a restructuring. This is really how we think about the business overall. And we're trying to give you a much clearer window into how we think about capital allocation. We will continue to align the most senior team around a set of incentives. And we've done that for our executive committee, where literally everything is aligned around – together around shareholder value creation. And then we've also got our top 150, top 175 colleagues, who also are now more aligned around this single P&L, which is a very substantial change for us at the most senior level. As well as individual results that they have responsibility for. So for us, we're creating alignment around the one P&L at the top. But at the front line it is exactly as we've been doing. So this isn't a lot of disruption at the front line. This is really meant to create disproportionate investment around growth and to drive growth and to strengthen the firm.
Gregory C. Case: Well, Jay, consistent with what we just said before, sort of the quarters do what they do. We obviously love this segment, love this business, and have continued to invest in it, continue to see it grow. You're right. There's no doubt it's a hard comp if you want to go quarter to quarter for next year. No doubt about that. But feel very, very good about the overall trajectory. And the off-cycle is literally – on the exchange side as you add companies, make their decisions to add companies, subtract companies, it really changes sort of the off-cycle a bit, another positive thing about this business. And that's what you see reflected here.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, you're still going to see it more, Brian – Q4 is skewed just as how companies make decisions. As we described before, we've really worked with clients to think about health really over the course of the year, which they do anyway, but in terms of the mechanics or the decision making process, so you're seeing that spread out a bit. But it's still disproportionately skewed to Q4.
Gregory C. Case: Brian, I love that question. Here's – we don't think about it as cross sell. I'll tell you what we think about it as, delivering the firm. So this isn't about sort of a micro, I brought a new product, can you buy this or buy that? This is around an ethic. And we take this deadly seriously. This is an ethic around delivering the global capability of Aon, sitting at the table with clients, thinking about their needs, and having enough understanding as an individual and credibility to introduce parts of Aon to help a client succeed. Sometimes, Brian, that'll result in a sale. Sometimes it's not. What it always does – and we know this. What it always does is it strengthens the reputation of Aon in the eyes of a client. That creates greater degrees of freedom or opportunities for us to actually help that client succeed. And also it gives us more information on where and how to invest in areas that are important to clients. So for us, this is why we're so excited about this opportunity. This is – as we take Aon United and we continue to evolve it and we go from a 4 to a 5 to a 6 to a 7 on that scale of 10 I described before, we know that's going to produce great results for clients and tremendous results for Aon. And in doing so obviously great results for shareholders. So for us it's not cross sell. It's really around Aon United and delivering the firm. And with real credibility in a way we've done many times before, Brian, but we've never done fully consistently. That's why again this isn't about a new concept. This is taking a concept we know works and then scaling it, which is why the investment back into the firm is so important.
Gregory C. Case: The really – Brian, there's – this is the beauty of this is, this isn't about restructuring or reorganization. There's not reorganization in this. This is literally stepping back and saying, what do we need to do to serve clients more effectively? And how do we work together to do that? In the one P&L, the five revenue lines, the alignment at the senior team, the restructuring that Christa described, all these things are around literally the mindset focus on clients overall. So the beauty of this is, there's not a lot of organizational complexity embedded in this at all. This is really how we come together to support our clients. And again it's not something that's conceptual. We've been thinking about this now for the better part of 24 months. We know this has tremendous potential. It was just how we were going to scale it. So for us this is not about sort of front line organizational change. It's really about how we think about clients.
Gregory C. Case: Well, the CapEx overall, Ryan, as you know, what we showed before, the $200 million has actually come down over time as we exited our – exited the Tempo businesses. As you recall that was 36% of that CapEx, so that's come down over time.
Gregory C. Case: Well, thanks very much for joining us. We look forward to the next call. And everybody, have a great day. Thanks very much.
