Eric Andersen: Yes. Greg, maybe I'll just take it down. If you're an account leader or a colleague working with a client just picking up on your example, cultural capabilities, team support, all those drive a decision to either come or stay at our firm. And if you just think about it, historically, if you were a part of a client team, you were having a product discussion with a client.  Today, you're having -- if it's a risk client, you're having a risk capital discussion. So you're having colleagues from commercial risk from REIT maybe captives, maybe risk consulting, using new tools like risk analyzers that Christa mentioned that are created with our ABS colleagues, it creates a professional development for them, and it creates a team based environment where you're actually providing real new value to clients. And so I think all of that drives why people come and then ultimately, why they stay with us. 
Eric Andersen: Yes. Great. I mean you talked about D&O in particular, but I would also say we've had some really solid growth in areas like energy and construction and other places where we're investing in talent to grow our capabilities there. That's the sector piece, but we're also investing in geographic areas called Continental Europe, Asia Pacific, where we're also seeing good growth. So I think we will see great opportunity for us as we go forward through the year. 
Eric Andersen: So Elyse, I don't think there's anybody on the planet that looks at it closer than us as we've been watching it. We hear people talk of green shoots. But the reality is, and I think we've said it on the past that our opportunity happens when the deals close and so at this point, you hear things in the market about dry powder and people wanted to do transactions. But at this point, it's still fairly depressed. 
Eric Andersen: Yes. And I think whether it's the attrition numbers, which are historically low, whether it's our ability to attract talent into the firm, we talked a little bit before about all the different tools that we've been investing in and the culture and the team environment is all very important to keep the people.  So as Greg said, we don't normally enter into noncompete. So this isn't a big issue for us, but it's all the other factors that drive it. And I think you also asked a question about NFP and the colleagues there. And I would just say that -- and both Greg and Christa mentioned it in the written remarks about how excited we are to have them. I think the opportunity for us to work together to add more value to their clients, which ultimately adds more value to their colleagues who have more capabilities and more opportunities to do more with them with our content.  And then obviously, the scale that we get from ABS, whether it's efficiency or the ability to deliver insights and tools and all the different aspects across health and risk, I think provide great opportunity for the NFP colleagues as they join the firm. So really excited about that, as I know everybody has been saying, and we see great opportunity going forward. 
Eric Andersen: Yes, I think there's 2 components. And first, just to touch on the independent and connected piece, which is such a critical part of how both the NFP team and the Aon team have been approaching this. And the independent piece is really to respect and sort of celebrate the way NFP approaches its clients locally and how the team service those clients. So really focusing in to make sure that those teams know exactly what they were doing before is what they're going to continue to do.  The connected part is really about 2 pieces. There's an efficiency play with our ABS platform around tech and ops and areas where we can get some cost synergy. But also more importantly, I think it's how we connect around product and capability, how we can bring our thought leadership, how we can bring structured portfolio solutions and product capability and thought leadership and get it to those teams in a way that their clients can digest it. So I think how we connect is really about content and it's a little bit about the cost synergies, but it's really a revenue play for us as we look at the middle market.  And I think on the growth number, there's an organic play here that we're talking a lot about. There's also an inorganic play that, as Greg mentioned in his opening remarks, their M&A pipeline and the way they approach adding organizations to NFP is really one of the strengths of the firm and something we're going to continue to work with. 
Eric Andersen: So I would answer it in 2 ways. I think when we've talked about doubling down on it, the history of that product has historically been a PE-backed business. They were the original users of reps and warranties and tax insurance and things like that. Moving that over into the corporate space, where it's corporate to corporate has been an area that we've been investing an understanding among our client leaders as well as the subject matter experts that know that space. So we've held the team. That was the goal.  And I think that's what we've been saying for the last 2 years in the slowdown, knowing that at some stage, the market will come back, and we wanted to make sure the industry-leading expertise stayed with Aon. And so we continue to use them to reinforce the existing relationships that they have, while also building out a broader potential client set as M&A comes back. 
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Andrew. And we did see a higher tax rate this quarter driven by, as you said, changes in the geographic distribution of income and unfavorable discrete. And I will note, Andrew, that discrete has historically been positive for us, and in this quarter, they really did just line up to be net negative. And what I would say is, look, it's just lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And as you said, we don't give guidance going forward. But if we look back historically, exclusive of the impact of discrete, which can be positive or negative, our historic underlying rate for the last 5 years has been 18%. 
Christa Davies: Yes. So Jimmy, thank you for the question. And I did actually give specific guidance in my opening remarks about buyback because I recognize that there's a lot of puts and takes around free cash flow as we've communicated. And while buyback will be lower than last year, we expect it will still be substantial for the full year 2024 at $1 billion or more based on our current M&A expectations for the rest of the year. And as we mentioned, Q1 is our seasonally smallest free cash flow quarter. 
Christa Davies: Thanks very much for the question. And we did issue the 19 million shares yesterday. So that occurred and we haven't disclosed anything related to the MDP lockup. What we can say is the NFP management team did receive a meaningful amount of Aon shares and the purchase agreement refers to their lockup period. And we have spent time with our new investors, and they're really excited about the Aon story and appreciate how the acquisition furthers our Aon United strategy and are particularly excited about the 3x3 plan to. 
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Mike. And so if you look at the financials, we've outlined the synergies and deal financials, what you'll observe with the interest expense is, when we originally announced this in December, we had $230 million of interest expense in the stub period, which at the time was a 6-month stub period and we now have $285 million in that period, and it's really a result of the extra months.  Interest is actually at a lower average interest rate. We had originally forecast the average interest rate on the $7 billion of debt to be 6.5% it's now 5.7% so a whole 80 basis points less. So the interest rate is less, but you've got 2 more months. And then you can see that the interest expense in the future years, 2025 and 2026 is coming down from our original estimate. So the $310 million we now have in 2025 compared to the $410 million we had before and the $275 million compares to the $340 million. So you can see how the lower interest rates are impacting those future years. 
Christa Davies: So Elyse, the 30.6% is absolutely the right starting point, to 2024 margin expansion. We don't give specific guidance. What we do say is we're committed to margin expansion each and every year, including 2024 of that 30.6% margin base. But all the drivers still hold. We're driving margin expansion due to organic revenue growth, portfolio mix shift and synergies and efficiencies from Aon Business Services. 
Christa Davies: Yes. So Meyer, the way we think about margins is total margins. I know you're passing it into different components, and I understand the math. But we are -- we think about gross margins, which are substantial, and then we reinvest to deliver net margin expansion each year, which we will deliver again in 2024. And that's driven by organic revenue growth, portfolio mix shift, restructuring savings, which as you pointed, will drop to the bottom line and efficiencies for Aon Business Services and so we continue to invest in technology in Aon Business Services to drive future innovation and growth with clients. 
Christa Davies: Yes, it is. And so that's why we've broken out in the numbers, Meyer. The revenue from NFP in that table of 2023, by quarter by solution lines, you can add it in. And so the way you do that for revenue as you add 2 months of 2020 of Q2 of NFP plus the 3 months of Aon as your starting point for 2023 and then you grow that. And you will see the NFP numbers come through on that M&A table in our organic table. 
Gregory Case: So Jimmy, I really appreciate the question. And maybe what I'd do is I'll step back and just again orient overall for Global Aon, how we think about the firm and how we think about progress over time. And if you step back, we essentially said, first of all, this is not about 1 quarter. It really is about as you look across over the year, kind of how we're performing across Global Aon over the course of the year. And our mission right now, which we're going to continue to push on and really amplify is the build on the 3x3 plan over the next 3 years.  So this is really capitalizing on risk capital and human capital, amplifying through Aon Business Services and delivering Aon Client leadership which we know Jimmy is going to together deliver both top line and bottom line performance and most important, the double-digit annual free cash flow growth compared to our '23 baseline that Christa described. And if you think about the quarter, which you're coming back to now asking specifically, and I'm going to get to commercial risk very explicitly in a second.  But our goals in the quarter from our standpoint were actually accelerated in terms of that 3x3 plan. So you think about ABS, the introduction of our analyzers and the client experience improvements, client response has been exceptional and real progress in the quarter. Our restructuring plan, as Christa highlighted, strengthened really what we've done in ABS substantially, and it really supports substantial hiring in priority areas.  So all good from a priority standpoint, then obviously, of course, the announcement of NFP with truly game changer access into the North American middle market. And really, every -- you think about all aspects of general aspects of the close improved since our December '20's announcement. So if we step back -- I mean, you sort of say, how are we doing from our standpoint, we feel very good, especially about the 3x3 plan and the progress we made on it.  And if you think about the quarter overall for Aon, we delivered mid-single digit growth, 5% with strength in Health and Reinsurance in Continental Europe and Asia and the Pacific. Margin expansion, 100 basis points, EPS growth of 9% and free cash flow exactly in line with expectations. And then specifically to your question, because I want to make sure I get to that. Look, we saw strength in commercial across Continental Europe, Asia and Pacific, all very good. We highlighted the mix play as we think about where we really have large portions of our business related to our larger clients, especially in terms of specialty lines like D&O and there's some pressure there.  What we also observed, obviously, as we just described, we were very underweight in the fast-growing middle market until yesterday. And now we see a massive opportunity going forward. They are all consistent with the 3x3 plan, and we've communicated previously the negative impact on transaction and IPO activity, which is you have to rebound but we are very confident it will. So from our standpoint, look, we feel very good about the trajectory and what we're going to be able to do over time and deliver on the 3x3 plan in a very clear way.  And it's going to be a great outcome for clients, great outcomes for our colleagues who would deliver that value and ultimately for our shareholders. And I just want to reiterate, as what Christa described, we're at mid-single-digit organic growth or greater, and that commitment holds across '24 and over the long term, and we fully expect to translate that into, frankly, strong top line and bottom line performance. 
Gregory Case: I think what we would say, Elyse, as Eric described, we see the pipeline. We love it. It looks very strong, but we don't count it anymore. We count it when it's done, and that's what we're going to do. And we see the opportunity, but we're going to count on when it's done. 
Gregory Case: I'll start overall. First, Dave, I appreciate the question. This is not something that we generally enter into, particularly in the U.S., where obviously this is going to focus on. But the macro point is really the talent question I think you're really getting at, which is fundamental. Maybe Eric can offer some thoughts on that. This is a place we live every day it's our focus. 
Gregory Case: I appreciate it, David. From our standpoint, we're not really looking Q4 to Q1, over time, again, this is kind of an overall annual approach in terms of how we think about it. And as we said before, nothing's changed committed to mid-single digit or greater over the course of the year for our firm and fully on track to do that across our firm. So I wouldn't look for anything in particular. We highlighted a few areas because we want to call them out.  But listen, this is client leadership at a time when we're doubling down and investing on more client leadership. This is risk capital and human capital. This is Aon Business Services with the analyzers. And as we launch those, they have met with hugely positive client feedback and the colleague feedback in terms of what they need as well as ABS, which really enables all that, amplifies it and creates a client experience environment that's better than ever before and on top of the content. So for us, no, we feel very good about the progress in Q1 and what it means for our trajectory going forward. 
Gregory Case: Rob, maybe I'll just take a quick step back. I think it's worthwhile just reflecting on sort of the whole NFP process and getting Eric to comment on this specifically in terms of sort of as we see the opportunity is look, we just feel great about this combination. This is the $31 billion North American market in which we're vastly underway. We have an opportunity because of ABS to really go after that market in a way that's not just making us more sizable, but we think better and better is this idea of really independent and connected in the way Eric described before.  And I wanted to talk a bit about that. All these things sort of -- as we've spent time over the last few months with Doug and Mike and the team have been substantially reinforced. And so this is at the top line level on revenue opportunities in terms of sort of how we do it and the yield we get out of that, all these things are better. And then we reflect kind of some of the deal economics that also are better. So from our standpoint, we just see huge momentum.  But Eric, you've been living this with Doug and Mike and the team. Maybe comment a little bit here and address some of Rob's questions more specifically. 
Gregory Case: And just to amplify one more piece. This is a tour to force revenue opportunity, right? That has been the focus since the jump, and that's what we've seen for the last few months. And it's both ways incredible capability we hope to be able to bring with a producer can sit across the table and do more on behalf of a client, which they just -- they're phenomenal they love. But also on our side, we're going to benefit tremendously too in the ways they approach the market and how they can help Aon. So it's just a -- we had high expectations going into the conversations. They've been exceeded over the last few months as we come together. So while we're not giving specific guidance on the growth number, this is tour to force growth. And man do we see a great opportunity here to access this very, very substantial market where we're underway, but do so in a way, again, it's not just bigger but candidly better. 
Gregory Case: I don't have a lot, but I have one message I want to deliver on behalf of Eric and Christa and I. I just want to say on this very historic day for NFP and for Aon, a huge heartfelt welcome to our 7,700 new colleagues. We're just truly, truly excited to partner with you as we begin this journey together. So we're really looking forward to it, and welcome. Thanks, everybody, for joining and look forward to our next call. Take care. 
