Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. And I would say, listen, it was a very strong quarter for the team. We had fantastic growth in the ILS business with the cat bond issuance very strong. In fact, a lot of great work with clients as they look to reposition their portfolio going into the January 1 renewal cycle. So I would say it was a very strong start for the year, I have high expectations for them as they continue to work through the existing insurance cycles, but a really strong start for them.
Eric Andersen: Yes. Sure, Greg. And I would say that the results of the core have been very strong and just the work that we're doing each day across all of our solution lines. But I would also say there's a couple of key risks that the teams are engaged in that are very much on the clients' mind today, topics like supply chain, with what's going on in the world, colleague resilience, climate, cyber, pandemic, things that honestly, 3 years ago, 4 years ago, were not a big deal for them but today are very much on their focus. So we feel good about the growth prospects and our ability to help clients work on those emerging issues as we go forward. And I would also maybe add one other comment that the issues that people are talking about today really do merge for a specific client. So whether it's inflation or GDP or political risk or what have you, we just came out of our RIMS conference, where we had dozens of client meetings. And the themes across them were very much, as clients were thinking about investing in their business, whether it was building a plant, making an acquisition, expanding into new areas, they were thinking about GDP growth. They were thinking about inflation, but they were also thinking about labor costs and colleague impact and resilience.  And so having that ability to have a holistic conversation with them as they strategically plan for their future, recognizing all the sense that risk today is more heightened than it has been historically, I think, really does play well to us and lets us have real impact for those clients.
Eric Andersen: Greg, maybe if I could just add as well because I do think you raised a great point about attrition and engagement and the like. But where we're investing in talent is really where we see the business going over the next couple of years. Like I mentioned to the previous question, climate, ESG, colleague resilient, cyber, these are areas that have -- that require deep expertise. And so when we're making investments either in capability or in talent, we're focusing it there. But once you get them in the firm, the key through this delivering Aon United strategy that we've been employing. How do you bring them together so that they understand the client need, working with our other experts to be able to deliver to the client the solution that they need or the advice that they want? And so there is a great opportunity for us to continue to invest. By the way, also investing substantially in the core to making sure that what we do for clients today have the right amount of expertise, the right service teams and the like. So I think we feel pretty good about our talent strategy and where we are and are optimistic about the future with them.
Eric Andersen: Maybe, Greg the only thing I would add, Greg, you said it well is having global capability, having deep analytical insight, being able to deal with clients' needs using the global marketplace, all critical to the core of what we do today for our reinsurance clients and we'll continue to do. But I do think you hit it well: a lot of the issues that the insurance company clients have today are these future risks, trying to handle cyber as a product, trying to think through climate, if you're a homeowner's insurer, if you're a P&C insurer, how you deal with life from a mortality risk if it's pandemic. So the opportunities for us there are very strong. And so I'm not surprised if it's drawing competition. That's okay. The reality is we feel good that our franchise and the team, very closely aligned, and we continue to make investments to make sure they have cutting-edge capabilities.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. Maybe I'll take this one. This is Eric. From a Commercial Risk standpoint, our U.K. and EMEA business actually had very solid quarters both from a client retention, new business development and the like. I would say, certainly, the war in Ukraine is closer to home for them, and it's certainly a topic of their clients' discussion. How topics like supply chain, political risk credit are all sort of front of mind for a number of those clients. It is an opportunity in the end for us to provide real value for those clients on those topics. And so I would say we're focused very much on the well-being of the colleagues that were affected that are often familiar personally to a lot of our EMEA colleagues, and they're doing all the right things there, which I think ultimately helps build the culture. But certainly, the work and the need from the clients on our European clients and our U.K. clients is almost more heightened than it is in other parts of the world because they're so close to it. But they had very strong first quarter, is expected to have a very solid year as we go through '22.
Greg Case: Well, there's no doubt -- I appreciate the question. There's no doubt there's obviously a lot going on out there in terms of sort of overall complexity and volatility, which is showing up all the things you described. I do want to start with, we're very confident when you look across that, take all that into consideration, both Christa and I emphasized mid-single-digit growth or greater in 2022 and over the long term. So we'll start with that. But we've just got great momentum. And the uncertainty, in many respects, means clients are asking us and talking to us about how they manage the volatility in their business. But if you think about the momentum coming out of 2021, highest annual growth in a couple of decades, and we just delivered a Q1 2022 that was higher than the Q1 2021 in that comparable quarter and the highest year ever. So we feel very, very good about where we are in the context of a very uncertain world. But it really shows up kind of -- with clients sitting across the table day to day. Maybe, Eric, you can provide a couple of examples, because I think its really where it comes to life.
Greg Case: Really quite the opposite of it. I think that we've been fortunate this quarter. As we've reported for the last number of quarters, we have exceptionally high retention. And in fact, voluntary attrition is at levels better than they were pre-COVID; and engagement levels 80%, plus. So this is about as strong as you get in terms of sort of where we are from a talent standpoint. And again, you know the momentum come out of 2021 and now the momentum going into 2022. So those, I think, are exceptionally positive. There's a point here that's important in terms of how we support our colleagues so they can support our clients. And yes, it means we're investing in new types of talent, for sure, but it also means, and Eric talked about this earlier, we're investing in developing our colleagues, the talent we have now on supporting them. And we've got to do it not just with talk. It's really supporting them with content, capability, enabling technology, real evolving, advanced analytics that accelerate innovation in what we do for clients. So this is critically important. Let's see where we come back and say the Aon Business Services platform is really essential. This is something that's been underway for 4 years. It really has driven -- helped drive the margin improvement, as Christa described. But more than that, it's created surplus to invest in innovation, things like IP, et cetera. And we've got 200 colleagues in IP right now that we're working through very, very positively. So a lot going on there, and that combination puts us in a very, very good spot.
Greg Case: As you highlighted -- And Chris, you covered it perfectly. There is not -- it's really, in the end, very, very minimal impact overall in terms of our core business. Obviously, a lot going on as we support clients and are in the process of suspending operations, but minimal impact.
Greg Case: I'll offer an observation, but we don't talk about head count per se. For us, it's just not how we think about talent. We're investing -- we describe the port really in content capability so that our colleagues get better. They see opportunity differently. They grow professionally. And literally just adding someone is very different than developing organic capability and helping a colleague get better. So again, forward analytics, Eric just talked about reinsurance, are all forward analytics. You're no longer looking in the rearview mirror and thinking about what was there. You're thinking about how you model what's going to happen. You put that in the hands of your colleagues, its extremely powerful, and it really is a new way to -- an evolving way to compete. And we've been adding capability in the form of colleagues to do that, absolutely. And we've been adding organically in terms of investment in more analytics and support our colleagues. So it has been trending very, very positively. It's led to, as you've seen us report, top line growth, which is a record for us; operating performance, record for us; and trends in free cash flow, a record for us. And this Aon Business Services platform in the context of that is really unique. It's the next chapter because it's not just about efficiency, it really is about how we work more effectively with our clients on behalf -- with our colleagues.
Greg Case: I just want to say thanks very much, everyone, for joining the call. We appreciate it, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
