Christa Davies: Sorry. So yes, that's exactly our view. We remain exactly on track to the overall merger. We’re very excited about it and frankly, more excited today than when we announced it on March 9. And we expect to close in 2021 with no divestitures.
Christa Davies: Sure. So we have had excellent antitrust council for globally for quite some period of time as you can see from the proxy detail about the background to the merger. And therefore, we feel very confident about our antitrust approval. In Reinsurance in particular, those businesses are highly complementary. If I took the U.S. as an example, we’re very strong on property. Willis Towers Watson is very strong in other areas. For example, in we’re very strong in large market. They are very strong in middle market. So it’s actually a highly complementary business. And so we feel really good about our ability to close the transaction with no divestitures, including Reinsurance.
Christa Davies: Elyse, thanks so much for the question. So we did commit to $800 million of synergies, and we still expect to deliver those synergies and the cost to achieve them and the timing of those synergies. The accretion dilution was based on underlying EPS estimates. And since then, we have obviously withdrawn guidance given the macroeconomic environment has changed. So we withdrew our financial guidance with mid-single-digit organic growth and double-digit free cash flow growth. But the recent macroeconomic events do not impact the $800 million of cost synergies, and we continue to be incredibly excited about the combination's potential for clients.  As we talked about at the beginning, the strategic rationale for the deal is really around innovation and growth and as Greg talked about earlier, meeting unmet needs for clients, which we believe are substantial. But Greg, you may want to elaborate on that.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Elyse. As you know, we value the firm on free cash flow and allocate capital based on return on capital, cash-on-cash return. And buyback remains the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon. We don’t give specific guidance on buybacks. But as I did mention, we are considering a limited share repurchase for the second half of the year subject to macroeconomic conditions, business performance and timing restrictions related to our combination with Willis Towers Watson. In 2020, we’ve managed the balance sheet conservatively and we do not expect to add further debt at this time given macroeconomic conditions. We remain committed to our current investment-grade ratings including in combination with Willis Towers Watson. We issued $1 billion of debt, and we’ve already used $600 million of that to prepay the $600 million of term debt that came due that is coming due in September 2020. And so you should expect us to continue to manage our balance sheet conservatively given the outlook and uncertainty around the macroeconomic environment. So you may see more elevated levels of cash and short-term investments through the end of the year. When you think about our available cash and uses of cash in 2020, we’ve spent or committed about $1.4 billion in cash on about $460 million of buyback, which we completed in Q1, $400 million of M&A largely completed in Q1, $400 million of dividends, and almost $500 million in restructuring, pension and CapEx, as we’ve shown in prior investor materials. And we’ve also communicated $200 million of expected deal costs, $36 million of which we’ve incurred year-to-date with the majority to be incurred when we include when we close the transaction with Willis Towers Watson. And we have $400 million of term debt coming due in March next year. So we’ll likely run elevated levels of cash and short-term balances in the near future given macroeconomic uncertainty. So while there’s a potential for limited share buyback through the remainder of the year, it will be dependent on macroeconomic conditions like what we see in the capital markets, business performance including working capital, and the timing restrictions around Willis Towers Watson.
Christa Davies: Yes. So thanks for the question, Elyse. Free cash flow for the first half of 2020 is exceptionally strong, up $875 million or 343%, just a very impressive performance and a result of the focus of all of our leaders across Aon as we drive revenue and translate each dollar of revenue into the max amount of free cash flow. I’ll say there were three big components, Elyse, to the free cash flow growth. The largest single component was improvements in operating income. And so we had a substantial growth in operating income. And then the second biggest driver was improvements in working capital, specifically improved receivables and improved payables. There was no meaningful change in free cash flow in Q2 from not repaying the reduction in temporary salary. So it really doesn't change the odds there.
Christa Davies: So the accretion analysis was provided in connection with the combination. It was based on $800 million of expected, annual pre-tax cost synergies which we still expect to achieve. However, the macroeconomic outlook has changed. And we withdrew the financial guidance of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth and double-digit free cash flow growth. We have not reinstated any kind of guidance going forward. And so we can't actually update that guidance at this point. Recent macroeconomic events do not impact the $800 million of cost synergies, and we continue to be really excited about the combination's potential for clients and revenue opportunities as well.
Christa Davies: Yes, so look, we think the opportunity economically still remains exceptionally strong. And I would note that the accretion dilution we originally provided only included the cost synergies, because that was the only thing under the Irish Takeover Code we were able to report on externally. So it doesn’t include, as an example, Dave, any kind of improvements in working capital, any kind of improvement in CapEx, any kind of improvements in any other things that actually drove free cash flow. Equally, it doesn't include any kind of revenue upside. And so we do believe the opportunity of the combination remains exceptionally strong. And as Greg highlighted earlier on the call, we’re more excited today about the combination than we were when we announced it on March 9.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Jimmy. We do as you said continuously macroeconomic uncertainty for the second half of the year. However, we do see a decrease likelihood of worst-case scenarios. And in the first half, we did take pre-emptive and temporary expense reductions, and the second half of 2020 we expect operating expenses to be more consistent with underlying expenses in the second half of 2019, excluding restructuring charges. Due to spending on some very targeted investments in priority areas, due to some of the deferred expenses, things and on projects, unnecessary operations, for example IT and cyber, but maintaining strong operational expense discipline. And then, I guess in answer your question on sort of T&E, I guess what we would say is, we expect small increases in T&E in the second half, but the margin expansion we saw in the first half of 2020 includes substantial reductions to T&E that isn’t sustainable in the long term. But maybe Eric, you just want to talk about sort of T&E and how this actually applies to clients.
Christa Davies: And so Jimmy, just to answer your question, we do see opportunities, as Eric described, in potentially reimagining the way we work with our colleagues. And whether that’s from T&E or whether that’s from real estate, it’s really around the goal of actually maximizing client impact, as Eric described, with a more flexible, inclusive and productive environment for colleagues. And, Greg, maybe you just want to talk a little bit about sort of the partnership that we formed to actually reimagine the future work because its pretty exciting.
Christa Davies: Yes, so Phil, just on the 16 million adjustments. It is identified with a new system implementation. It will not repeat in future periods. What this specifically is? We adopted and when we adopted the new revenue recognition standard on the first of January 2018, we had a temporary system in place for health. And we’ve now adopted our long term technological solution, much more granular, much more robust. It's not uncommon to have adjustments like this when you switch systems. And as Greg outlined, we feel really good about the growth of our business long term and health, an exceptional opportunity to deliver value for clients.
Greg Case: Christa, maybe if I could just add a couple of comments as well about the reinsurance market and the way clients access capital. Brokers are only one way with which they do it. There is a very large direct market, whether especially in Europe as well as in the U.S., where the insurers actually go to many reinsurers directly. They also raise money through sidecars. So their access to capital is actually largely done outside the brokerage business as opposed to within the brokerage business. So when you actually look at the entire marketplace, it’s actually the way people tend to look at it within the industry, I think, really is not the correct way to do it.
Greg Case: Love the question, Suneet. Listen, we would suggest by the way, any discussion of the combination of Willis Towers Watson got to begin and end with the only topic that really matters, and that’s the one you are raising, which is clients. It’s really all about value for clients. I will tell you, from the orientation from the start John Haley and I talk all the time about a guiding aspiration that is very clear and straightforward. We view this combination as a once-in-a-generation opportunity to change the innovation trajectory for clients, and it’s really Suneet set a new standard for client leadership and impact. That’s really our focus. How do we get better faster? How do we address unmet client needs? And I will tell you, since the announcement in March, I have talked to literally hundreds of clients about their needs and how they’ve evolved and how they’re shifting over time. And I’ll tell you, I’ve heard from many of them fundamentally reordered client priorities in a way never really seen in history. They realize they need to solve not only for both what’s going on today, the operating challenges today, but also the long-tail challenges that could shut them down in the future tomorrow. And they are literally turning to us and asking the question, how do we partner with them to prepare for the next pandemic? How do we best protect and value [technical difficulty] is 80-plus percent of their value and we really haven’t addressed as an industry over time? How do we mitigate this systemic impact on climate change, model the impact of widespread cyber outages or address things like the health/wealth gap? So point is our clients are asking for more choice. They don’t have a choice on these now that is a meaningful choice for them. And this integrated client driven approach that we’re describing really defines our Aon United strategy. And I will tell you it reflects very similar aspirations John Haley has for the Willis Towers Watson team. It’s been remarkable to see. And our combination with Willis Towers Watson is the catalyst that advances our ability to meet client need. And last thing I would say on this one, Suneet, is it’s just such an important question and the way you asked it is exactly right, which is client-focused. I’m just reflecting on one of the hundreds of conversations, sitting down with one client. And they summarized it best back for me because we went through all the things they were facing. And they said straight up, When I look at what I need, that is the client talking to me, what I need from all of you and what’s out there now in your industry, fundamentally, this combination is about more choice, more relevant and essential choice. I don't have it now, and this gives me the opportunity to have that. So our response has been exceptionally positive.
Greg Case: I'll just underscore, Elyse. As we came into this with a set of perspectives in March, as Christa highlighted, I'll get Eric to talk to some point around the integration that we’re working on now. Those high expectations have been exceeded. I mean the opportunities that we see for innovation on behalf of clients are greater than ever before. Obviously, all the economic [Indiscernible] Christa highlight are still fully in place. But that opportunity is, we think, very compelling for our clients as they understand it and also very compelling for our colleagues. And again, this is the conversation I have all the time with John Haley. This is two organizations coming together both on a similar journey and see the opportunity now to accelerate that journey dramatically on behalf of clients. So that really is the momentum we feel as we spend time with colleagues at Willis Towers Watson just continues to grow.
Greg Case: One last thing I’d just add on that Elyse if I could it’s just the piece around we've asked multiple times around what about COVID-19 has that slowed you down. And I will tell you, in many respects, two things have happened on COVID-19; one with our colleagues that Eric can talk to you a little bit too, and Christa, and one of our clients. And the client one, our clients actually see the world changing around them. And it really does reinforce everything we’ve talked about in terms of, meeting unmet needs, not just in not just in kind of the pandemic, but what comes after the pandemic. So, in many respects who would have known, but COVID-19 for all of its challenges is completely reinforced everything we’ve tried to do or talk about doing, and that’s really showing up in the integrated integration planning that Eric was describing.
Greg Case: Well, I think, Dave, overall, I think you’re the macro point I want to start with, which is literally in terms of overall organic revenue expectations for Q3 and Q4, as you highlight, obviously uncertain, as I mentioned in my comments. Look, if the current macroeconomic conditions persist, what we essentially highlighted is we expect to see firm wide revenue pressures similar to what we observed in Q2. Remember things do ebb and flow. They do lag, but we’re reacting all the time. I mean Christa highlighted it before, when you think about what we have in Aon Business Services and what it means to enable us to do to connect with clients, how we’re innovating on frankly new client development, all these things sort of create opportunities for us that are going to also evolve as the current situation evolves. So our view is it is uncertain. But if you step back and think about it, based on that uncertainty, similar to Q2 is probably a good basis to start with.
Greg Case: There really isn’t the retirement colleagues like many of our colleagues across the across the firm. Again, just want to highlight again, how much we appreciate all they do to lead on behalf of clients. It's been extraordinary, very strong, continued performance on the investment side. The retirement piece continues, it just is an incredibly strong franchise the team has built over time. And that continues to be a foundation. Obviously some pressure on human capital side that was more than offset by the progress on the former two. So that’s really, how we held position and we expect to continue to do so. We don’t see a lag in that over time. Again, no prediction things are unclear, but that's really what drove the performance in Q2.
Greg Case: Yes. It really is, Christa. It's terrific. Just on Eric’s piece, too, remember, if you think about the Aon United strategy, in order to actually operationalize that, clients got to see everybody connected together. And that actually meant before more travel because everybody had to come. Now they actually can show up. They can show up through the technology. It actually is a way to accelerate Aon United. So I think Eric’s point was really a terrific one. What Christa is highlighting is, look, we step back and asked the question how can we as Aon how can we help clients accelerate through and create economic recovery faster and faster coming out of this current environment. And we ask client’s is there a basis. Is there a benefit to comparing notes with each other around what we’re doing? And we raised our hand first in Chicago, and I will tell you their response was unbelievable. So we literally have the full [Indiscernible] of Chicago. These are companies, the most significant companies in Chicago, getting together, talking about work travel and convening. By the way, we started with back to work. We all realized that was a joke. Everybody is already working. So this is really not about work. By the way, it was really around how you connect with clients and do what you do. And in essence, we went from Chicago, now launched or beginning to launch in New York, London, Singapore. We have Madrid online as well. So we have cities around the world comparing notes, Jimmy, on how we accelerate economic recovery. And this, again, reinforces sort of what we're all about in terms of helping clients succeed in difficult environments and leveraging Aon United capability in order to do that.
Greg Case: Yes. There is certainly a hurricane season to come. Listen, I’m really excited about the work that our reinsurance team has been doing in the first half of the year, certainly working closely with the insurance company clients as they reposition themselves. And I would say listen, the market, very similar to what you see on a commercial risk side, the insurers will pick their spots with which to trade risk or find other ways to deal with it, either through what they underwrite on the front end or raise capital or sidecars. So there's a multiple way with which the insurers will manage their risk. So I wouldn’t get too caught up in the pricing conversations that are happening in the marketplace because like commercial risk clients, they will either trade or hold or mitigate as best they can. So I would say that we continue to be optimistic about sort of the reinsurance business in general, the work they’re doing. Most of the treaty revenue is done already. As you said, nobody really sells property catastrophe in the middle of hurricane season. So it will be more of a fact business and an ILS business going into the second half, and it's 25% of the revenue left to do for the year. So but I would say the insurance company clients are working hard at figuring out how they want to position themselves in this new market, and we're there to help them.
Greg Case: Yes, and so maybe just indulge for a second. I want to give you some, some background on sort of our health results for the quarter. And Christa will talk very specifically about your question, by the way, it is apples and oranges. It doesn’t apply, what she’ll describe. Look in terms of organic revenue for us in Q2, and health, it was really describe it as kind of a perfect storm. But the good news results have actually no bearing on our long term outlook, on what we believe is an incredible amount of opportunity in the solution line. The context for us just you know, for reference to is relatively small quarter for us. So changes are magnified. We obviously break out the health business, a lot of others embed it in their other solution lines we don’t. We highlighted that, we completed implementation of a new system, which resulted in a onetime adjustment, was approximate 5% decline. And the performance pressure was really around discretionary areas and core on, reduction in employment as I described. But I will say, the work we did on for clients has been exceptional. And Health Solutions for us is, you know, can you just be just an exceptionally strong positive area on opportunity area. And COVID-19 ironically, again did nothing but underscore the long term importance of this priority area. Although you might have noticed, our last two acquisition announcement Farmington welcomed them into Aon on April 7, earlier this year, absolutely a tremendous capability that we're going to be able to scale across our firm. And last thing I wanted to say on this is, it’s just opportunities everywhere in the world. And, while this isn't the result we wanted, we're disappointed in the result. I do want to call up my colleagues in health here, they've done a remarkable, remarkable job supporting clients that have been under tremendous stress that's reflected, sort of you see in the economy every day and they have just done an incredible job in that. And I think that bodes very well for our business going forward. But your specific question on Christa.
Greg Case: So from our standpoint, it's really not something we could speculate on, because we don't see that in any way, shape or form fill. Our view is, as Eric described, this has built momentum from the get go with our colleagues as they have come together and talked about the possibilities on integration planning, with our clients who, as I described before, see this as the potential for something new, for something they need to a lot of potential there. We talked about the shareholder vote on the 26, a lot of momentum into that. And then we're working through all the normal antitrust processes as Christa described, fully on track to close in Q1. So that's kind of how we see it. That's what's going forward. And, again, all the original expectations sort of in -- in the expense opportunities. Sure, they are absolutely there. This is never about expense, it was about growth. The combined firm and we described mid-single digit or greater, that's still in place. We pulled that for now, for all the reasons that are obvious. But as you think about long term, everything we see points to momentum. And that's what, that's what we're talking about.
Greg Case: Just want to say thanks to everybody for joining the call. We appreciate it. And one last shout out to colleagues if Aon around the world. Thanks for all you've done on behalf of the firm, each other and our clients. It's been -- it's been exceptional. Thanks and talk next quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, if I look at the slide that you guys provided on the merger, you the accretion related bullets are missing from what you had last quarter. I did see that it was in the most recent proxy. So I just want to confirm that your goals related to accretion related to EPS and free cash flow that you laid out with the merger still stands today.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And from the regulatory side of things, are you guys I’m kind of on track with where you thought you would be at this point in time. And does it feel like you might you know, in terms of deal closing, half year one is obviously a big timeframe. Do you have a sense of when we -- when you think when you first, when you finally think you might close the deal? Sorry. Thank you.
Elyse Greenspan: In terms of buyback, you guys said, limited buybacks for the second half of the year. Could you just kind of further define that? And then, what would you need to see it sounds like maybe a bounce back to pre-COVID economic conditions for you to more fully return to buying back your shares.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Christa. And I’m really excited about the early progress that we’ve had in the integration. Both Aon and Willis Towers Watson are excited about really what it means for our colleagues in particular. We’ve been focused on a colleague mission for quite some time about what each individual colleague can actually accomplish for themselves professionally, but also on behalf of the firm and their clients. And we’re really excited to see that WTW has been doing very similar mission. My integration partner in this,Julie Gebauer, and I both share a really growing excitement about what the possibilities are as we serve clients better, as we actually help our colleagues see themselves in the combined company. We’ve been working a lot on the culture part, recognizing and getting the people issues, right and, and building that vision and that opportunity for them to build their careers here will end up with a team. I think that will be the strongest in the industry and one that will draw and retain and attract talent that we need to solve the problems that Greg, you were talking about before.
Eric Andersen: Sure. Thanks, Christa. And I think if you step back and think about the reason for T&E, right, which is really to get closer to our clients and our partners to develop that personal relationship, with the investments that we've been making in technology, we’re using that video capability to actually get closer to clients and get closer to market partners. Just an example, just to try and bring it home, I participated in a pretty significant global placement for a new client literally last week. And we were talking about the insurance capital available. We had people on the screen from New York, London, Singapore and Bermuda. And instead of flying everybody in for the meeting, kind of burning four days and tens of thousands of dollars, we were actually able to create a session for the client where they could actually see our global experts talk about our capabilities, talk about what was available. And literally other than a couple of hours sleep for our guys in Asia, who had to work through the time zones, the client walked away actually seeing the entirety of the firm and what it could do for them on the topic as well as see the banter, see the relationships that were there, see our ability to interact with global markets pretty much anywhere to help them. And so while there will be some interaction with clients in person obviously down the road, we really want to make sure that we take the best of what we’ve been learning over the last four months and embedded into the firm because we actually think it drives a better outcome for the client, and it showcases our talent in a way that historically, they would not have been in the room. So it really is I think we’re really excited about what it can do for us when we interact with clients especially when you need the global team together.
Eric Andersen: Yes. Look, I think clients all over the world, they are trying to reposition themselves into these new economic scenario. So whether it’s our retirement clients who are looking at the volatility in the marketplace using our investment consulting capability, whether it’s the risk management clients who are trying to figure out how to navigate new risks, how to navigate the existing environment that they are trading in, even on the reinsurance side, where the carriers are also looking at how do they reposition themselves to take advantage of growth and opportunities ultimately, I think that type of work is going to continue. It is as Greg said, it’s coming in fits and starts as they sort of engage outside providers as they after they’ve done their internal strategy sessions. But I think it’s the need is certainly there, and we’ll engage the clients as they get ready. And coming out of the coalition work, the entire effort around talent management and how that’s evolved over time and what’s different about it in the current environment with everyone working from home, sleeping at work as it were, all these things have created a level of project work that wasn’t there before. We don’t want to imply this offsets everything, but it’s evolving as client need shifts and evolves.
