Greg Case: Well, Dave, I appreciate the question. Really – it is really very much at the heart of what we mean when we talk about Aon United. In essence, we have an approach, which as we break down barriers and bring our global firm to bear on behalf of client needs opportunities come to pass and they’re very, very strong. But you start really with client need. The survey I described is really quite unique. It relates to survey that goes out every two years. It’s around the world. We actually quantify with our or ask our clients what are the things that are most on your mind, what affects your business. And I’m looking at the survey going back to 2007, and you essentially look at the top 10 risks and ask the question, which one actually are – which ones are insured and which ones are not, which ones can you really match capital. And when you look in 2019, of the top-10 risks, only one, only one is fully insured, 4 others are partially insured and the rest 5 are not insured at all. So the opportunities from a client demand standpoint continue to go up. That means our world as we lean into it from an Aon standpoint is not just winning from – in the current business, which we’re then very, very effective at and very, very fortunate. Win rates are at an all-time high and momentum is very positive. But really it’s also the net new. It’s addressing client issues around cyber, intellectual property and all things that come with that. And in that regard, what we’ve been able to do is actually think about a world in which how can we address client needs more effectively over time. And for us, that is really across every solution line we have, all the pieces and you are seeing progress in each one of those. So our view is we are making good progress as we’ve highlighted. When we describe the impact of Aon United it really is around, truly around client value and growth and greater opportunity for our colleagues. And you’ve seen us drive net new client opportunities from the Aon United behavior. You’ve seen net new ideas and innovations around cyber, IP, mortgage and reinsurance for an example, delegated sort of on the retirement investment side. You continue to see share gains, I described before. And really, you’ve also seen portfolio mix in terms of sort of what we’re doing overall. And when you think about – this really comes back to kind of how our colleagues are working together in a little bit different way. And I’ve used examples, we used examples on the call and maybe Mike, pick an example so that highlights sort of overall, sort of how the colleagues are working together differently and really to Dave’s question, what does it mean at the client level and how does it affect what we do.
Greg Case: And I think, Mike, just to pick up on the point, because I think what you’re describing is our enterprise client network, which is essentially a group of high performing individual client executives who deal with our largest clients. We’ve created a group that actually pulls them all together. So instead of just having one individual insight, we’re able to create the pattern recognition that actually allows us to scale that insight and get it across the globe in a way that brings all of our solution lines to bear on any given particular client problem. So it really does help us consistently improve as time goes on, but also to learn from each individual client experience and get it to all of our leading client executives. So, Dave, all of our questions, I promise we won’t answer at that length. But you’re – this is truly fundamental. This is really what’s happening at the cool phase, which we think is different and we think really changes. It isn’t just about winning in the current world; it’s changing the size of the pie and doing things on behalf of clients that actually help them succeed. So we’re – you can tell, we’re pretty excited about it. We think it’s having an impact. And we think we will continue to build over time. But thanks for the question, really appreciate it.
Greg Case: Well, I would say, Elyse, listen, we talked about mid-single-digit or greater, and what we try to do is give you a clear view and the tactics behind that, the mechanics behind that, the investments behind that. And we are confident we’re going to achieve that over time. And this quarter and the first half of the year and the last four quarters have done nothing, but underpinned that confidence. So we’re looking forward to achieving that on your behalf.
Greg Case: Sure. Happy to do that and just a couple of thoughts on that. First, we would say when you think about sort of the impact on our results. This is Aon. This is sort of single P&L, single op-co, single brand in terms of what we’re trying to do. And you look at overall to, Elyse’s just question around mid-single-digit or greater. That’s we’re on track to achieve, that’s we want to achieve over time, and over half of Aon is really unattached to anything sort of related to the risk market or risk pricing overall. But we would say specifically when you think about commercial risk and reinsurance the impact from pricing was modest for the quarter and for the first half of the year. And remember when you think about pricing, it really is around market impact, which is a function of insured value and a function of price. And from our standpoint the real driver has to start from a client view. We’re essentially matching capital with risk in a way to support their performance. And they react to changes in the marketplace and we help them react to changes in the marketplace, and there’s lots and lots of different options out there to do that and accomplishes work. And so the real driver of our growth is we’ve described is really around client opportunities, Aon United behavior, new opportunities I’ve described before in cyber and other innovations, continued share again and portfolio mix shift. So that’s really what’s underpinned the book of what we do and the impact on pricing really was modest.
Greg Case: And so fundamentally, Paul, this is about us investing in innovation, new ideas. That’s why the spend in data analytics is so substantial, we believe fundamentally. If we innovate on behalf of our clients faster than they do, we’re never going to know their businesses better than they do. But we can innovate faster them on the topics of risk, retirement and health. We do that investments, we do that effectively you create net new ideas, like Eric’s described and that’s what for us is going to be the fundamental driver of growth over time.
Greg Case: Yeah. Let me just step back a little bit, Brian, just sort of the overall mechanics and again get Eric to sort of offer some thoughts on sort of the general state of the market sort of at the client level. But listen, the Q2 12% was a terrific result. Colleagues have just done some great work, really just 10% for the first half. Remember, also the first half really reflects the 3D book more than anything else, the [one-ones, the four-ones, and the six-ones.] [ph]. The second half is less 3D, and more fact in the ILS transactions. But we’ve talked many of these calls around the win/loss record has been exceptional for multiple years, and this is a place where again back to data analytics point, we spend more heavily in content capability here than perhaps any place else, and that shows up from a client standpoint. So for us, this has been continued progress and support and a good result. And we expect over time will continue to sort of help clients succeed in the category, but maybe, Eric, talk about a client example or so.
Greg Case: Yeah. I want to be clear. As you think about 12% in Q2, we’re not 12% over there. What we’re essentially saying we don’t look at the quarter-to-quarter for us it’s less relevant. The trend line has been very, very positive. And Eric just described two or three net new areas that didn’t exist before, an example that didn’t exist before driven by data analytics. Our view is there are a number of clients out there, who really want to improve their return on invested capital, and reduce their volatility, as we have solutions to do that. We’re going to continue to grow their business, that’s we’re really excited about.
Greg Case: I would say again, I want to emphasize the impact on us we described as modest, we would say modest upward pressure overall maybe a little more on the cat exposed areas are really modest overall. Again we would come back to the real relevant question is market impact, insured values and price, Brian, and as you know well. The real point of view from the question really from our standpoint, every time it’s asked, we believe it has to be repurposed and it has to be from a client view. The work of what we do every day is going to be about matching capital with risk and weighted that supports client performance operationally, reducing volatility, stronger balance sheet, et cetera. Again, you know this very well. That work from our standpoint is fundamental and there are many, many options out there, many, many permutations. And clients really have to be the drivers of that. And that’s where we would say there’s been some modest impact. But this is really a client-driven set of conversations.
Greg Case: So I notice you had a couple of just points on sort of the restructuring, particularly that’s coming to the close. Remember, this is not about cost saves. There’s a lot of cost saves in concert with it. This is really about fundamentally changing and strengthening our firm. And fundamentals of this is what we’re doing in ABS and sort of – and that engine that’s being created never been done before in our industry. We have the opportunity to step back and invest to do that. And we made real progress against it. But it really is an engine that really we are very excited about that’s going to deliver productivity going forward and client impact going forward. But the piece around this is really sort of on the client side and sort of how they see this and how this comes out. And I figured that Mike could give an example of sort of the ABS front and sort of what we’re seeing and how it’s not just cost, but also it’s more than cost.
Greg Case: And it’s about cost saves for sure and ROIC. And then, fundamentally, we end up with a stronger firm, which is why were we were excited and we initiated the program to begin with. And we’re looking forward to 2020 and 2021, and the benefits that come with the investment we have made and completed by the end of 2019.
Greg Case: Well, listen, as we said before it’s a combination and we love both pieces. And in fact, a lot of the a data and analytics investments we’re making out, are really about net new. And think about some of examples that Eric gave that really is around kind of net new ideas in net new areas, and whether it’s sort of in – the areas we describe sort of on the mortgage side or on the cap on side, now with governments, a whole series of things that are happening that we’ve never done before. Our win/loss you know continues to be favorable and strengthening. But it’s more than just win/loss. Our view is the risk needs of clients is more than a zero-sum game, because the industry is fundamentally not – we have not fundamentally addressed a growing set of needs they have. So for us, this is really the opportunity, not just on the reinsurance side, but also on the commercial risk side.
Greg Case: So just think about, what Christa is really touching on perfectly is when we’re in a tender we don’t show up in the classic way. We can actually show up with new ideas and new insights driven by data and analytics. And so is that a win sort of in the zero-sum game world from a competitor or is that really sort of net new? So really that’s the combination we’re seeing. And then, occasionally mortgage, pure net new. That’s a $10 billion sort of opportunity that’s been developed over time. I think, Eric, 20% of the mortgages in the U.S. now are connected to insurance linked capital. So this is an incredibly powerful net new, but it really is a combination. What we want you to get a sense for is, this is this is fundamentally about delivering more on behalf of clients using data and analytics, and the investment to do that is substantial, but the impact can also be quite high.
Greg Case: And in many respects, Meyer, it really is about the content capability and what net new comes to Aon from an inside standpoint, and then how do we scale that. And you’ve seen that in many, many of our acquisitions we’ve brought into the firm. And you’ll continue to see that as a primary driver, because without that, you really don’t get a return on invested capital that beats buyback. And our view is from a discounted casual standpoint, there’s tremendous value sort of in the buyback that’s why it continues to be sort of at the top of the list and sort of everything is measured against that. And it really is opportunities around content capability that really drive that sort of actions.
Greg Case: Just wanted to say to everyone, thank you so much for joining us in our Q2 call and we look forward to the discussion next quarter. Thanks again.
Christa Davies: Thank you so much for that question, Dave. So I think your first was quite a long question, so let me try and answer it and you can come back and tell me I’ve missed a bit. So I think the first question was where are the activities coming from that are increasing the program. And I guess, what I would tell you is we’re two quarters away from the end of the program until we got better clarity into the projects and program initiatives, both the projects currently being implemented as well as the addition of certain remaining projects in the program. So to give an example, Dave, a lot of the increases in workforce reduction, we formed great partnerships with outsourced providers to actually outsource significant activities to centers of excellence in India and Poland. And they’re actually improving the quality and standardizing processes for us and reducing error rates for our clients. And so, we’re thrilled about that outcome, whether that’s occurring in shared services in areas of finance or whether it’s occurring in our middle office as I describe with the automation of claims and premium processing for clients. And so, we’re very excited about that sort of – that level activity, because it’s overall improving efficiency and improving quality. Then I think your next question was really around the math of – on the second half of the year. I think your estimates were roughly right in the second half of the year. We’re, obviously, improving savings in the second half of the year. I think your next question was around the $535 million in 2020 and why doesn’t higher. I mean, I guess, you could always ask that question, Dave, but I think we feel really confident about delivering the $535 million in 2020 and we have great visibility to that now that we are two quarters away from the end of the program. And the last thing I would say is all restructuring charges will finish in Q4 2019 as originally anticipated.
Christa Davies: So FX had an immaterial impact on margin in the quarter. I mean, the real – the biggest driver of margin expansion, it continues to be accelerating organic revenue growth, portfolio mix shift as we continue to invest in higher revenue growth, higher margin areas. And then the operational leverage we’re getting from Aon Business Services. Those three drivers remained consistent overtime. I would say that’s contributing to margin expansion in the quarter, in the first half of the year, and frankly the same for 2018, but equally going forward.
Christa Davies: So what we would say actually is strong growth and operating income growth, which is driving strong growth in free cash flow, both in Q2 and in the first half of the year. And what you’re really saying is strong growth operationally, offset by a onetime payment of legacy litigation of $85 million. If you took out the $85 million, what you see is underlying good growth in free cash flow. The thing, I would also noted, the first half of the year is our seasonally weakest half. And so combined with litigation payment of $85 million resulted in lower free cash flow for the first half. The second half is – free cash is strong. And long-term, we are absolutely on track for double-digit free cash flow growth.
Christa Davies: So we really think about on a first half basis, I appreciate your second quarter guidance. And what I would tell you is, we see strong underlying growth and free cash flow driven by strong operating income growth. And again, the second half of the year is going to be stronger and free cash flow as it is seasonally every year, and so we’re well on track to strong growth for the year.
Christa Davies: Thank you so much for the question, Elyse. So what we’ve said consistently is that where double-digit free cash flow growth over the long-term is absolutely our goal, and we are well on track to that. We’ve not given specific guidance in this year, Elyse, but what I would say is, we expect strong growth and free cash flow in the second half of the year and strong growth for the full year. And we are well on track for accelerating growth in 2020, driven by accelerating organic revenue growth, which is driving improvements in operating income growth. A reduction in working capital and a significant reduction in the uses of cash on pension CapEx and restructuring. And so those three drivers are continued to accelerate free cash flow growth and there will be a substantial acceleration of free cash flow growth in 2020, simply driven by reduced uses of cash.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So the debt was issued May 2, 2019, that was $750 million of debt at 3.75%. And what I would say, Elyse, is as we think about the overall free cash flow generation of the firm is incredibly strong. As we think about the spend of that free cash flow. We used return on capital, as the way in which we allocate cash between buyback, which remains our highest return on capital activity as you’ve seen first half of the year $1.15 billion invested in buyback. And we continue to see share repurchase as our highest return on capital activity going forward. And so we have strong free cash flow in the second half of the year, as we talked about, and frankly, in 2020 onwards. And we expect a return on capital to drive our cash allocation and share repurchase will be at the top of that list.
Christa Davies: Sure. So thanks for the question, Josh. The uptight climb just reflects better estimates now at two quarters away from the end of the program. We’ve got better clarity into projects that are currently being implemented, as well as the addition of new projects as we optimize the overall Aon operating model. And so, what we would say is overall we’re delivering $535 million of savings. We’re spending $1.425 billion in cash. It’s a 38% ROIC. We feel really good about that. And so, we are absolutely confident, Josh, to your question that the last charges will be completed in Q4 2019. We’ve been consistent about that from the beginning. We’re very keen to get back to GAAP EPS equaling adjusted EPS and running the business on free cash flow as we always have.
Christa Davies: But I think, Josh, your question really is how much of it comes from whole new areas of growth and how much it comes from win/loss. And interestingly, a lot of our new wins are actually new solutions to clients that we’ve never even done with them before. And so, as it features in our win/loss, it’s actually kind of hard for us to tell candidly, Josh, because we are – our win rates are at all-time highs across the firm, across commercial risk in our top 10 countries, across reinsurance. But a lot of the wins are actually coming through Aon United investments and the investments we made in data and analytics, which allow us to develop new solutions for clients we couldn’t otherwise serve them with.
Christa Davies: So what I would tell you overall is we are active managers of our portfolio. We have been over the last 5 years; we’ll continue to be in the future. And so, we will continue to disproportionately invest organically and inorganically in higher revenue growth higher margin higher return on capital businesses. And we’ll divest lower revenue growth, lower margin, lower return on capital businesses. And that’s what we saw happen in the quarter with a small portion of the talent business that sits on the retirement that was divested on June 30. So it did not impact our organic growth calculation in the quarter, but it was lower growth. And so that is what you saw. And then, I guess, what I would say about the overall M&A environment is we – I said last quarter, our M&A pipeline is the largest. It’s been in the company’s history. It is aligned to our highest revenue growth, highest margin, the highest return on capital categories, so we’re very excited about that. And we continue to engage with these companies to actually build long-term relationships to we’re the buyer of choice, because what we don’t really want to be is in an RFP where we’re competing with a whole bunch of people. We actually want to get to know firms that are really attractive in our highest return on capital areas and really bring them into the firm in a way that’s building content and capabilities for clients and enabling a cultural fit that really makes that integration successful.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. And maybe I’ll try and tie the public sector piece along with the demand creation and some of the growth questions as well. Ultimate with public sector, we’re seeing the private market tools on the derisking solutions become more available to them. The benefits to the sector itself are pretty significant in terms of reducing their risk profile that helps them with their mission. It reduces the risk of taxpayers, but it also helps them continue on and do what they’ve been set up to do. We’ve talked historically about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the GSEs and transfer that credit risk exposure into the private market using essentially tools that were developed historically in the reinsurance business, but repurposed to be able to bring new demand, new capability to a whole new sector. We’re also doing that and you mentioned before the World Bank bond, but also with the Export-Import Bank and other government agencies both in the U.S. and around the world. So ultimately, it’s taking the analytic capability that we’ve been building and investing in, and being able to create new demand and new opportunity to help a whole new set of clients. So it really does come together with both the investment that we’ve made in the analytic capability, but also the opportunity to bring private market solutions to public sector entity.
Eric Andersen: Yeah. I mean, I think, what I would sort of walkthrough also is certainly there is growth in the treaty business as you talked about, but also in the facultative reinsurance business and the banking business. So we’re seeing good opportunity across all the different capabilities that we have. And I would say a lot of the demand is coming from the insurers, who are looking to use reinsurance capability, whether it’s the analytics in the modeling or the sort of positioning and use of reinsurance capital to help them grow their own businesses, whether it’s in the traditional high risk natural catastrophe areas, but also in the growing areas of cyber and others specialty liability areas. So we’re seeing good growth globally and the demand has been continuing as the carriers look at this marketplace and try and position themselves the best that they can do to help their ultimate clients grow and manage their own risk.
Eric Andersen: And I think also part of it is when people think of reinsurance they think of the traditional 3D transfer of portfolios. But there’s also other work that we’ve been creating to help clients and reinsurers think about their own portfolios. And maybe just a quick example is a mid-size reinsurer I’m thinking about, that wanted better insight into how many of their clients would either put them into the market or not renew with them. And we were able to use some machine learning and predictive analytics to help them focus on where they needed to spend their time either building relationships with their existing clients to be able to target to know where they were at risk. And so, just having that kind of insight helps them improve their retention capability, helps them know where to focus their management attention on maintaining the share that they had earned over a period of time in the marketplace. So it’s not just about, hey, we want to transfer this portfolio of casualty or natural disaster risk to a marketplace, but it is actually helping each of the individual players be smarter and how to position their own businesses for growth and success. So there’s a lot to it, but not just traditional share, but is actually bringing new services to the market.
