Gregory C. Case: Actually Dave, we have solid growth across the board and it comes in different categories in different places but if you think about how we think about growth, it's new business and then retention, something we call rollover, overall. And we've been able to generate substantial new business growth which is new clients coming into the firm as well as doing more with existing clients, which is retaining, and then rollover, which is actually doing more with them. And then in businesses like our affinity business which has been exceptionally strong, we're also seeing substantial growth. And we really have on the U.S. side record new business generation. So a lot of the investments we've made over time continue to reap benefits and you're seeing the results. Would emphasize again, though, look at it on an annual basis. Quarter-to-quarter always moves around to different places but it's a very very positive piece overall.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. I'd say step back overall. First of all, the number we report,1.4 million, is enrolled lives. So, these are actually folks who are paying us and money is changing hands for solutions we provide. And there's a lot going on around definitions and how different folks describe the business overall. We are very explicit about how we describe it around enrolled lives. I would say, Dave, overall, we agree the adoption across the board, when you think about it, especially at the larger end of the market, has not been as fast as we would have expected. This is especially true given the results we've seen with our existing exchange clients. I mean, we have been able to sustainably lower cost, reduced volatility and, very importantly, the employee choice has gone up, and there's very, very high satisfaction. Our view is we're very confident that, over time, you're going to see the market develop. It's going to accelerate. It's going to be an uneven pace, no doubt. But our pipeline is strong. We're in discussions with a number of very large innovative companies around solutions and ideas, and so we feel very, very good about the development. I would highlight, we've gone from zero to 1.4 million lives as – and Christa described, we're marginally profitable in 2015. So, we've made progress, and we're seeing continued development on that platform. But last point I'd make on this, it is important to put this in context over overall health effort. I mean, we love the health space. We believe in it, we believe we're going to make a difference globally on behalf of our clients. And from classic health, health and benefits, global benefits, I'd just remind you, we place more than $10 million in health benefits in the U.S. alone every year and the exchanges have been very, very strong, zero to 1.4 million. By the way, as I said in my opening comments, two-thirds of the clients who've come in in the exchanges are new to Aon and 150 clients overall. And so we see this as very, very positive continued development. And overall, in the context of the health opportunities, we see it as quite strong.
Gregory C. Case: Lot that's going on mid cycle. Lot that's going on in terms of overall (28:12), but that's literally clinically as of today.
Gregory C. Case: I think, Adam, actually it's a range of different pieces. And it really – they don't look at it as this year or next year. They're really looking at what's the best interest over time of their employee base and how that's developing. They're also looking at sort of the trend line in the marketplace and what's happening with overall health costs and level of urgency. And so for them, it really is a range of different items. We would come back to – for the clients who we brought into this environment, the impact has been substantial and now sustained over a multi-year period. And more and more companies are seeing that and actually taking some comfort in some of the sustainability of the overall model. But as I said before, the pipeline is strong and this is going to develop. If you think back, the lessons around DB to DC and the overall solutions, these things take a period of time. But what we keep coming back to is the fundamental value proposition is quite strong and now sustained and we think that's going to carry the day over time. But still keep coming back to, though, it's about an overall health platform and a level of demand across health which we think is going to continue to go up and the exchanges serve one part of that overall market.
Gregory C. Case: And we put in context with the other investments we're making in terms of overall size. On the investment consulting side, the delegated side, investments on talent, obviously exchanges we've talked about. So, there's a portfolio of investments we're making and fully funding, by the way, as part of the P&L that we can drive performance and invest for the future.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, Sarah. I would characterize, really, and Christa started on this path. If you really look at for the first nine months of the year, first nine months of the year is as strong or stronger now than it was against 2014. So, the short answer is, no. In fact, look at it over the course of the year, nothing has changed. We would characterize the quarter as a quarter of continued progress against long-term objectives. And look at Risk, organic revenue for the nine months was 2%, operating income increased 2%, margin up 50 basis points. That's roughly where it was last year. We're now going into our strongest quarter. We believe the Reinsurance business is improving. Continental Europe looks a bit more positive or at least stable. A lot of the investments we've made are very, very good. So, from our standpoint, we feel like this quarter in Risk, and by the way in HR Solutions as well, is just another good quarter of continued progress.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. We would, Paul, not observe that trend In fact, if you think back and just reflect on Aon over the last 10 years, we've done roughly $8 billion in acquisitions over that period of time. And we said before, we're probably on track for kind of $200 million to $500 million a year, really adding content and capability that we can expand across our portfolio. We're looking to do that all the time. To the extent, we divest it really is discipline around return on invested capital. We're deploying capital around the world whether it's acquisitions or buyback or whatever, organic investment around the discipline that Christa has set up really gauging each investment around improving return on invested capital. So to the extent, we end up divesting something, it's because we've made a determination that it's better off in somebody else's hands on behalf of our clients and we'll do that from time to time. But if you just think about just even in 2014, we did $500 million in acquisitions in a Flood business which we really love across the U.S. and a benefits business in the UK. So we are excited about adding capability when it makes sense to add capability.
Gregory C. Case: I would say, generally, if you look over the last 10 years, absolutely, it will be a positive number. Again, it will be lumpy depending on what happens from quarter-to-quarter but overall absolutely positive.
Gregory C. Case: Again, we have to start, Paul, with we love the health business. We love the opportunity to serve clients who face increasing pressures that are very real for them on promises they've made to employees about trying to help them serve their family's health needs and the increasing cost of that. Against that backdrop, we provide an absolute large range of solutions. But remember, we actually do regular health benefits for greater than 10 million in the U.S. alone so we actually do more of this than anybody else and love that set of solutions. Exchanges end up being a set of solutions for a subset of that group, like that as well and we've got exchanges, large, medium, small. We've got exchanges that are fully insured and self-insured. So, we actually go through a range of different options depending on the client situation. But in the end, we're addressing the health needs of clients which we believe are going to continue to increase over time. And again, we just love the platform and have been very successful in growing pieces called the exchanges, but also in developing other areas as well.
Gregory C. Case: Not really, Brian. I think in the end, it's a great question, but really our clients are really looking at the pressure around cost overall. That could be an accelerant but, frankly, they're feeling the pinch anyway. They're also feeling the pinch around volatility, so it really is how do you help your employees meet their demands, what they need for their family, and do it in a way that's reasonably cost effective, more pressure there, and do it in a way that it's not super-volatile quarter-to-quarter for the company is very, very difficult, and wow. If we'd actually lower the cost curve over time which we've been able to do in the exchange examples, 150, 200 basis points a year, that's hugely positive. So, it really is, that's the dialogue. The Cadillac tax ends up being out there but it really hasn't been a driver.
Gregory C. Case: I would say either way it's going evolve because the answer is a good one and it has value and clients see that. Anything by the way that increases cost, the Cadillac tax or anything else, actually is a catalyst for change. So to the extent that's out there and it happens, it's a catalyst for change. To the extent it doesn't, I wouldn't overplay it either. As client see opportunities to reduce costs, flatten the curve and reduce volatility, they're going to embrace it. And I would say, clients that really innovate on the health side drive it. I mean, give an example, we are working with a very well-known new car company who's as excited about innovation and health for their employees as they are about, frankly, changing the way the world buys cars. And against that, we've helped them create a solution that provides transparency, choice, accountability, a whole series of things for their employees. And for them it's as much about innovation and the idea of better health and better wellness as it is about cost. And oh yeah, by the way, you can save and reduce volatility. So, that's really the dynamic that's going on.
Gregory C. Case: No. Really, this is – again, remember we have been privileged. We've actually brought onboard on the exchange front the largest ever on the exchange. And so almost by definition, as we continue to add clients, the average is going to go down. By the way, the same is true on the retiree exchange where we've added what was the largest client in history on the retiree exchange. So I wouldn't read too much into that. As we add clients, that average is invariably going to come down. We're not too worried about that.
Gregory C. Case: We're still doing, in terms of the category, serving this category we think in a very unique way with a very unique set of options.
Gregory C. Case: No. For us, in the end, we've seen overall positive trajectory as Christa has described before. And we see opportunities here for improvement over time. And again, as I said, fundamentally this is a solution which has actually proved to be quite effective for the category of clients large and medium, and small, in fact. And we're excited about adding clients as it makes sense for them and as they elect to come onboard.
Gregory C. Case: And this is consistent on the exchanges, as Christa is describing there with the idea of a platform to serve similar to what we do across the overall health segment, which is really how do we actually serve clients in an effective way across a range of needs beyond a single product. And this just happens to be a platform to do that.
Gregory C. Case: So, overall, if you sort of look at year-to-date, it kind of give or take 2% overall. That's probably roughly in line, we would sort of say, with overall premium growth globally. What you're getting to there is a great outcome that this really isn't about price. This really isn't about – it's really about underlying demand. Our view is underlying demand in the risk world is going to continue to grow. That's going to be reflected in premiums, which tend to increase year-to-year, and we're roughly in line with that. We're also doing things to bring new categories into play. So, the work we've done, for example, in the reinsurance world, bringing reinsurance capital into the mortgage world actually creates net new markets for what we do overall. That's true in cyber. That's true in terrorism as well. And so for us, we think this is a demand opportunity irrespective of sort of what's happening to the micro price environment and we're seeing it play out over time and we're benefiting from that.
Gregory C. Case: And that would be, Kai, at the end of the day, we want to be really clear. Christa has described the track for us to improve margins irrespective of the external environment. So, we didn't talk about pricing, we didn't talk about inflation, we didn't talk about interest rates. We anticipate and expect none of those. If any of those happen, those are substantial accelerants of our margin expansion, but we've been able to expand margin without any of that help with increased operating leverage in the business. So, that's why we are comfortable, and this quarter has done nothing except for reinforce that comfort that we're going to improve margin in 2015, 2016, 2017 irrespective of the external environment.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. This is overall sort of what we put on the exchange, Elyse, and it's 1.4 million for 2015 into 2016 just as you described.
Gregory C. Case: Look at that as an overall. We haven't broken it out explicitly. Basically we increased the number of clients from 30 to 55 on the active exchange. The majority are fully insured, but we also have a number on the self-insured side as well.
Gregory C. Case: As we said before, listen, as we bring this up online, it is going to be higher accretive to our margin currently and certainly helps us and gets us on track and accretive to our 22% target. So, we're investing on behalf of clients. We've absorbing into the P&L. We're still able to improve margins. And as we bring this onboard and we continue to see adoption, it's going to reinforce our overall margin progress and margin improvements.
Gregory C. Case: Again, we'd step back and say, listen, we're actually operating in the health space, which is why we love the space so much. This is massive, and we would say largely broken. So, this is one of the most important, biggest sectors of the global economy, certainly in the U.S. economy. And our clients are like begging for an option or set of options that can flatten the cost curve a bit, reduce volatility and, most important, give employees better choice and better transparency, and hopefully a bit of accountability, maybe even change their behavior, improve health overall. So, against that backdrop, we've brought a range of solutions. It is a massive, vast ocean with lots of opportunities there. And the thing we love is we start with the fact that we actually already do this for 22 million Americans across the overall benefits spectrum, 10 million in health alone, so we've got very, very tremendous access to the companies to have a great set of discussions. And we would observe, by the way, when we first start talking about exchanges, most of the world said that, no, they don't like them, we should never have them, and then eventually, everybody showed with exchanges. And then we talked about the idea of actually maybe even putting the risk on an insurance balance sheet, let's call it fully insured, and everyone said, no, no, those are terrible, too. And then eventually, everybody's got one of those as well. So, our view is there's going to be lots of folks coming to the floor here to try to serve this market. It's an important market. And at the end of the day, we really – we love our position. We feel very privileged to be where we are. But we also are very clear we need to keep innovating. We need to keep improving. We need to keep investing behind and on behalf of our clients because none of us have gotten our clients to a place where they really need to be going forward and that really is the aspiration.
Gregory C. Case: In many respects, Vinay, philosophically to the cash piece, I think it's worth spending a minute on this. Listen, we have brought what we believe is – it's not rocket science but in the world of brokerage, it's an innovation. No one has actually ever looked at the idea of how you translate operating income into cash. And it turns out we're actually not actually squeezing, we're actually just being slightly disciplined. And slight discipline means we've got a better engine to translate operating income into cash. And it turns out, it's massive. And that's why we've actually got a set of structural changes between now and 2013 (1:04:44). Structural intention (1:04:46), structural in restructuring, structural in tax and structural in working capital that again aren't rocket science if you're outside the brokerage world, but in our world require a lot of energy, a lot to change. But when you do, it creates a tremendous benefit. And so, for every dollar of operating profit we're generating, our translation into free cash flow is stronger and getting stronger, and that gets us to the $2.3 billion. I would highlight, as Christa described before, we do not need to get to a 26% margin and a 22% margin in our targets to make $2.3 billion. In fact, if we achieve those margins, we'd be well above $2.3 billion. So, from our standpoint, we're focused on cash because it's important to our investors and important to us. It's an important bellwether on how much we can invest back into the business, and we're taking steps to improve that profile. And the 21% in the first nine months has just said we're on track. And we're going to continue to do that. And I think importantly, as Christa described, we're going to be able to sustain that past 2017 and the $2.3 billion.
Gregory C. Case: Just appreciate everybody joining the call and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: Yeah. We feel really good about the performance of HR Solutions, not just in Q3 but really in the nine months year to date. We've had operating income growth of 6% excluding FX in the nine months year to date and margin expansion of 30 basis points and we would say they are well on track to solid revenue growth, margin expansion, and operating income growth for the full year. And that's really coming from the return on the investments we've made. We're getting continued revenue growth and margin expansion from the significant investments we made in delegated investment consulting and health care exchanges and in HR BPO SaaS.
Christa Davies: So, Adam, I think that's a great question. We are exceptionally pleased with the cash flow in the nine months year-to-date. There are no unusual items in there. And yes, Q4 is our seasonally strongest cash flow quarter. And so, we are well on track to deliver double digit free cash flow growth in 2015. The thing I would note that was unusual in calendar year 2015 was the $137 million impact to cash in Q2 that was an outflow of cash on litigation settlements.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, what I referred to there was from year-end 2014 to year-end 2017, you can see in the slides that we posted on our website that there was an increase in cash flow of $230 million just from decreased cash spent on pension restructuring and capital expenditure.
Christa Davies: There are really four big drivers of cash flow to get to our $2.3 billion in cash by 2017. The first is obviously growth in revenue and expansion in margin which will lead to operating income growth. The second is working capital improvements and we think they are sustainable for many years to come. The decreased uses of cash I just talked about. And the reduction in tax rate leading through to less cash spent on taxes.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, we've obviously invested significantly in this area of business through the acquisition of OmniPoint and the acquisition of Kloud. We are very pleased with the breadth of solutions we can offer clients in the HR BPO space and, obviously, Software-as-a-Service offers a much more feature rich and effective set of services for clients at a much lower cost. And so it's a very high area of growth for us and it's continuing to grow double-digits. And so we feel really good about this solution and being able to continue to grow this solution set for clients.
Christa Davies: What we've said historically on our – as we think about our margin growth, from where we are in HR Solutions, let's call it 17% today to our 22% long-term target that there are really three big drivers of margin expansion. The first is the return on the investments that we've made. We've invested a lot in delegated and exchanges, et cetera. The second is the growth in margins in our HR BPO business. We've talked historically about our HR BPO business being about a $500 million business that had very low single-digit margins. And, really, one of the things that is driving the expansion in margin is our investments in BPO staff and these innovative solutions for clients. And the third driver of margin expansion in HR Solutions is our expense discipline and continuing to manage expenses very carefully around IT, real estate and procurement.
Christa Davies: Sarah, we are exactly on track with the goals we outlined for HR Solutions for the full year. We're going to grow organically, we're going to expand margins, and we're going to grow operating income in 2015.
Christa Davies: Yeah, we have said, Sarah, that we are going to be modestly profitable in healthcare exchanges for the full year 2015.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean, margins are improving, Brian, but what I would say is we're still at low single-digit margins. As you know, historically, several years ago the margins were negative. So, they have improved but we do believe that we'll move from low single-digit margins to sort of mid-teens margins over time.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean, we're continuing to improve margins every year, Brian, and clients today are on an average of three-year to seven-year contracts. And so as clients increasingly choose Software-as-a-Service options, our margins improve.
Christa Davies: The other thing I would add is because we've created a platform, we're now adding more and more products to be able to offer to employees. We've now got over 11 different products, not just medical, it's medical, dental, vision, short-term disability, long-term disability, pet insurance, and others. And so, it becomes a platform for employees to really have choice as to how they want to invest their dollar.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I think it's a great question, Kai, because one of the things we have been investing in are investments in data and analytics particularly on the risk side. And they are enabling us to drive margin expansion at lower rates of growth. And what you're seeing is, we absolutely invested disproportionately in our data and analytics business, particularly up until 2012. And what you're seeing in 2013, 2014, and 2015 are the return on those investments. And as we think about our margin growth from 22.9% which is where we finished at year-end 2014 to 26%, there are three big drivers of that margin expansion. The first is the return on the investments we've made in data and analytics which are substantial, and you're seeing that drive the majority of our margin expansion in 2013, 2014, and again this calendar year. The second is the Revenue Engine which is allowing us to get record levels of retention of existing clients and record levels of new business wins and you've seen that in our business in calendar year 2015. And the third is the continued expense discipline across our Risk Solutions business. And we are on track for record margins in both segments in 2015.
Christa Davies: Kai, It's a great question, and I think gets to the heart of free cash flow growth for Aon and how we allocate capital, and we expect double-digit free cash flow growth for the full year 2015. We've obviously demonstrated 21% growth in free cash flow in the nine months year-to-date. And we're heading into our seasonally strongest cash flow growth quarter. So, we feel really good about being able to grow free cash flow double-digits this calendar year. And then as we think about the capacity for buyback, you're absolutely right. It's the growth in free cash flow and it's the leverage. And as we think about leverage, we are absolutely committed to our current investment grade ratings and, therefore, as we grow EBITDA and as our pension unfunded liability comes down, we absolutely have the ability to increase leverage. So, that's the way we think about it. And then you could say, are we allocating this capital towards buyback, are we allocating it towards M&A and it's really about how we think about return on capital, which is on a cash-on-cash return. And our highest return on capital use of cash today is buyback. Because we do believe we're substantially undervalued because many people still look at earnings growth and for us there's a very big disconnect between earnings growth and free cash flow growth. And so, you do have double-digit free cash flow growth to deliver $3.3 billion in 2017.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, the way that works is that legacy litigation that occurred in Q2 that had a positive benefit on the tax rate will impact the full-year tax rate for 2015. So, yes, it will show up again in Q4, Elyse, and then it will not repeat in 2016. And as I've said, the underlying operating rate is 19%, and that's the right rate to use for 2016.
Christa Davies: Elyse, the way to think about it is the investments we've made are really operating expense, so they're going to show up every year. And then as we get incremental participants enrolled, then our revenue increases which is how we get the scale to be modestly profitable this year and continued improvements in profitability in each year thereafter. So, it's the revenue growth, Elyse.
Christa Davies: Elyse, what we said coming into the second half of the year was that share repurchase would be stronger in the second half of the year than the first half of the year because the second half of the year is our seasonally strongest cash flow half. And that's exactly what you're seeing. And so, we would expect – Q4 is our strongest cash flow quarter. And so, if you think about share repurchase going forward, we would expect to continue to allocate capital based on the highest return on capital. And then I would say as you think about sort of hitting the $2.3 billion in free cash flow in 2017, you should assume that the share count is going to continue to trend down over that time period. And so, if you think about the $2.3 billion of cash divided by share count, it is the highest return on capital opportunity we have.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Look, it's a great question, Michael, because if you look at the pension restructuring CapEx, it's $230 million. You add reduction in cash taxes of about $100 million, you're about $330 million. So, you've got a gap. And the gap is really coming from operating income growth, both in revenue and margin expansion. So, that will be absolutely a big driver of the free cash flow growth. And the second is working capital improvement. Michael, if you look at 2011, our accounts receivable divide by revenue, so you get days sales outstanding. It was about 103 days sales outstanding in 2011. And in 2014, that reduced to 85 days. So, you've basically got an improvement of 18 days in days sales outstanding over those four-year period, which on 2014 revenue is the equivalent of $575 million in cash from working capital. And what I would say is, we've got substantial improvements in working capital to come over the next five-plus years. As we continue to improve the processes around Aon, and through the operating model and improve the collection of cash from customers and the payments to suppliers.
Christa Davies: No, actually. It's really about revenue growth and margin expansion. It's absolutely about operating income growth, so I did start there. So I would say there are two big drivers of cash flow growth other – there are really four big drivers of cash flow growth. One is revenue and margin expansion driving operating income growth. Two is working capital improvements, which we believe is sustainable over multiple years. Three is the reduction in uses of capital on pension restructuring and CapEx. And four is reduced cash taxes. They're the four big drivers, and all four of them will contribute.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, really, Vinay, the way this works is it's collecting the cash that customers owe us. And I think historically we've had a focus on revenue growth and then on margin expansion and then really sort of in the last four or five years, cash flow. So, I think we haven't had the discipline around the processes and the collections that we're now putting in place. And I think it's allowing us to translate a dollar of revenue into free cash flow much more efficiently. And so, I would say it's both on that side. And then as we aggregate together our supplier spending, we're able to get better terms in terms of how we pay suppliers. So, both of those contribute to working capital. And I would say as we continue to bring together global Aon and improve our overall efficiency, we see substantial improvements in working capital over the next five years.
Christa Davies: I mean, the operating rate is going to be – the underlying rate is really going to be 19%. And then I think it depends on discrete items and that's what you saw this quarter which made it lower.
