Christa Davies: Sure. So I think there were two primary sets of proposed regulation published by the U.S. Treasury. The first proposed regulation applies to inversion transactions, and therefore does not apply to us. We completed our redomicile over 4 years ago. It was signed off by the IRS in September 2013. And following our redomicile our capital structure looks like any other foreign based company in a territorial tax system. The second proposed regulation applies to inter-company debt placed after April 4, 2016. Our inter-company debt was placed prior to April 4 and would also not apply to Aon's current global capital structure. The majority of our existing inter-company debt will come due on 2023 and after. Overall, we feel really comfortable with our current effective tax rate for the foreseeable future.
Christa Davies: I mean the way we think about this, Sarah, is we have an overall capital structure. And we use inter-company debt as one part of that to help drive investments globally. But there are many other factors that influence that. As a U.K. company we operate in territorial tax system, which has different repatriation impacts than a worldwide tax system. We're growing in geographies with declining statutory tax rates, such as the U.K., where we're domiciled, where the tax rate is currently 20%. And it's going to decline over the coming years to 17%. And so statutory tax rates are a really important part of the business decision for where we invest and build new products and services. And we also leverage net operating losses where possible to decide where we invest and grow businesses. So I guess what I would say is, as we think about our business going forward, our overall global capital structure we feel is appropriate for our business. And therefore, we feel really comfortable with our current effective tax rate for the foreseeable future.
Christa Davies: And then in terms of your question around did we expect the charges in reconstructing we took in this quarter. Absolutely. We've really been very focused on return on capital for a number of years now as you know. And we gave guidance in Q4 that we would grow revenue, operating income, and margin for the full year 2016 in HR Solutions. And we're absolutely going to do that. And we also gave guidance that operating income would pattern similar to 2015 with operating income down in the first half, up in the second half, and up particularly in Q4. And really what you observe in Q1 is us continuing to improve return on capital as we manage our portfolio. And we did exit the Recruitment Process Outsourcing business. And you can see the gain of $0.10 in the other income line. And then transaction and deal related costs in the HR operating income line of $0.06 or $20 million. And that really had a minus 220 basis point impact on margin in the quarter. Ex that, you can see that the HR Solutions margin in the quarter would have been 14%. So you can see the underlying improvement in margin in our business as we continue to focus on return on capital and drive revenue, operating income, and margin growth for the full year 2016.
Christa Davies: We would say that we're going to continue to invest in the U.S. And inter-company debt is the way in which it will be enabled. And so we will continue to use inter-company debt to help us invest and grow our U.S. business over the coming years. So absolutely we think it's a core part of the way we run our business. And then we absolutely think about inter-company debt similar to third party debt. We manage it in terms of coverage and leverage ratios as you would expect. And we really have a global capital structure that looks like any other foreign based company in a territorial tax system. So we think that our global capital structure is appropriate for our company. And we feel really comfortable with our current effective tax rate for the foreseeable future.
Christa Davies: So we have been very clear that we manage this in terms of return on capital. The way we measure the return on capital is on a cash-on-cash metric. And as we think about sort of share repurchase and the return that that generates, we have a discounted cash flow view of Aon over time. And it is a very conservative view of the company, because we've beaten our own cash flow forecast in each of the last 5 years. So this kind of cash flow really is the value highlighted by the $2.4 billion in free cash flow we'll generate in 2017. And then future growth in cash from there onwards. And we do absolutely trade off investment in share repurchase, M&A, organic investment, pension, et cetera. And so that's how we think about it. And in terms of Q1 we did take advantage of a lower share price in the quarter to do the largest amount of share repurchase we've done, $750 million, since 2008.
Christa Davies: I mean you should think over the coming years that we're going to continue to manage our business on a return on capital basis. We'll continue to invest in the highest return on capital areas. We'll continue to divest or invest less in the lowest return areas. So we're going to continue to manage this portfolio over time. And I wouldn't note that it – I'd note that it's happening across the firm. We had a small divestiture in our Retail Brokerage business in the first quarter too. And so you should just think about us continuing to manage the portfolio and to continue the drive return on invested capital across the entire business.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, Kai, if we think about buyback, we've absolutely described it as the highest return on capital use of cash we have today. And therefore, as you think about the sources of cash that can contribute to buyback, it's really about the strong free cash flow growth we're generating from the business each year. And then as we think about leverage, we really think about our current investment grade rating as incredibly important to us and staying within our existing debt-to-EBITDA ratio. But as EBITDA and free cash flow grows, it really creates an opportunity for us to add additional leverage. And so there are the two sources, free cash flow from operations plus additional leverage as our cash flow and EBITDA grows over time. And as we think about the balance of the year, we're not really giving specific guidance, Kai. But really what I would say is, as you think about the cash we generate over any year, we're going to manage the investment of that cash based on return on capital.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So as we think about our current investment grade rating, Kai, what we would say is it's really 3 times to 3.5 times on a Moody's basis, which is really how we manage it internally. And if you translate that to a GAAP debt-to-EBITDA basis, it's 2 times to 2.5 times. So it's slightly above the range that we would like to be in an optimal basis.
Christa Davies: I mean I would say it is inherently on an underlying basis flat. I think it has been very lumpy, based on sort of the return on capital moves we've been making around some portfolio repositioning. But we ourselves, when we budget internally, budget it at $0.
Christa Davies: Sure. So if you exclude the one-time charges of $20 million in Q1, then 14% Q1 HR Solutions margin is the right underlying margin for the business. That is absolutely right. And then what I would say is we've been investing a lot in that business. We've been investing in our delegated investments business, which is growing fantastically. We've now got $85 billion in assets under management. We've been investing a lot in our BPO SaaS business, which is growing fantastically. We're winning substantial deals. And the pipeline there is fantastic. And we're investing a lot in our Talent business. We just bought a business called Modern Survey during the first quarter, and it's fantastic. So we're feeling really good about the investments we've made in this business. And really what you're observing is the return on those investments.
Christa Davies: We will continue to grow even after the sale of the segment, yes. And one of the things that I would observe that you saw in Q1 2016 as Greg described is we had an unusually strong comparable in Q1 2015 with the enrollments and the Retiree Exchange of one of our largest clients. But I think what you're seeing in the column – I guess it's page 11 of the earnings release – that minus 7%, is really two things going on. It's the exit of the business in Q1 2015, where we exited a business in our payroll segment. And then the business that we also exited in Q4 2015. So there's a number of different components going into this. So it isn't one business.
Christa Davies: So we're not going to give specific guidance around M&A in any particular year. Because the way we run the process is really around managing return on capital every week and every month to optimize our investments organically, investments in M&A, investments in share repurchase, et cetera. And so we actually – while we intend to spend certain amounts on M&A in a year, it's going to end up being a different number than – depending on what the actual opportunities and the returns on those opportunities are. And then in terms of your debt question, it's really around, as you think about that ratio, 2 times to 2.5 times debt to EBITDA on a GAAP basis, that's really how we think about managing the company. And so that's the right leverage level for us going forward.
Christa Davies: And, Brian, the other thing we'd say is any time there's a regulatory change, it means you've got to help clients through that. And so helping clients navigate business interruption insurance, when you've got to separate out the U.K. from Continental Europe, or pension plans, which across EMEA and you've got to separate them out. There's a lot of activity that would be generated for us. And the other thing I would say is we have substantial business in the U.K., where we have the U.S. dollar revenue and a pound expense base. And so to the extent that the pound becomes weaker because of this, it actually benefits us.
Christa Davies: Yeah. But, Josh, as you look at our balance sheet, you can see that we have a normal intercompany trade receivables and payables, as all companies do who operate in more than one country. And it's split into short term and long term. And so that is a normal part of doing business. And as we said earlier to this question, we feel really comfortable with our current effective tax rate for the foreseeable future. Because as we think about the new proposed regulations, we're going to continue to invest in the U.S. via inter-company debt, because inter-company debt is permissible under the new proposed regulations.
Christa Davies: Ryan (sic) [Josh], there's a bunch of normal – it's not inter-company debt. That is normal trade receivables and payables.
Christa Davies: So we have normal trade receivables and payables, as you would expect in any global company. And so the majority of that is not inter-company debt.
Gregory C. Case: We can step back, David, and essentially say, look – and I described three areas around – the traditional, sort of areas outside the traditional, and then areas related to some of the data and analytics efforts we've made around investments. And we're seeing growth in all three areas. Frankly, we saw growth. And we're in all the countries. So we're in 120 countries around the world. It's the most comprehensive platform out there. And we saw growth in EMEA, in Germany, in France, in Italy. We – note the retention rates I described before and the new business generation. So while they're – while the market conditions we think remain relatively stable – and again we would say on balance, when you think about pricing and insured values, put those two together and call those market impact. Often times you hear about pricing, you don't hear about market impact. Market impact has as much impact as pricing. On balance we actually think 2016 looks than better than 2015 for our global footprint. But you saw growth across EMEA and the countries I just highlighted. You're seeing new business generation. This is in the core business, net new business generation in the U.S. and in EMEA that is literally record levels in Q1. And it was record on top of record. So the comps are extremely, extremely high. And record new retention rates that – approaching 94%, 95%. So for us, look, we're going to keep investing around how we – in client leadership how we actually bring new clients in and how we serve them. And serve them more comprehensively. And that's the engine we have control over. And that's the engine that's working both in a traditional side, very much the traditional side, as well as the areas like Affinity and Health and Benefits, as well as the net new areas we're investing in beyond that.
Gregory C. Case: Well, I would start – let me just start a little bit of top line growth overall and then Christa can give a little background on some of the – on details around the margin opportunities here. First, we would say our first quarter performance in Outsourcing is exactly consistent with what we left the year with in 2015. And our expectations for 2016 are exactly in line with what we had expected them to be. So there has really not been a change. There's a bit of noise in the quarter, which we could describe, but it's exactly the same. By the way, if we just think about Outsourcing growth overall and go back to 2013, 2014, and 2015. 2013 is 1%; 2014 is 1%; 2015 is 4%; 2016, it's back to 1%. It's 4% in 2015 because we were very fortunate to support a very, very, very large client on a Retiree Exchange opportunity. And that actually skewed 2015. Absent that, the trajectory looks exactly the same. And from a growth standpoint for the year, we feel very, very good about what we're able to do. In particular, some of the things we're doing with cloud based applications, which has just been exceptionally strong underlying growth and a stronger pipeline. So top line growth, we feel very good about where we are, how we started the quarter, and no change in expectations for 2016.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. I would just literally – what I just was trying to highlight a little bit was just when you think about some of the investments we're making outside of some of the retail brokerage pieces, as Sarah was highlighting, that's one example. That just happens to be Health and Benefits. What we're very excited about, Quentin, is the overall Health category. And this is a category we've been investing in substantially for a number of years. And you're seeing that literally on the Health and Benefits side, which is a $1 billion plus business, growing exceptionally well. But you also see it on what we're doing on the exchange side, a whole range of health solutions. We administer benefits for 22 million plus Americans, 11 million of which is really on the Health side. And for us we see this category as one of the primary areas of investment for Aon over time. And it's been exceptionally positive really across the board.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. From our standpoint as we think about where we are in the market, we're not seeing anything unusual about what's gone on over time frankly. We've got a set of market partners who we – who are incredibly important to us, because they're important to our clients. And our focus every day is really maniacally around how we bring solutions to clients to help drive their business. And candidly, the market partners are central to that. Absolutely critical. So we find ourselves actually working more and more with market partners in ways to sort of come up with new and innovative solutions. And it's really been great. I mean one of the things we just spent time talking about, something we call Carrier Link, which is actually enabling us to bring our global capability or global demand to carriers around the world. Carrier Link for example for Lloyd's but for other carriers as well to actually make it more electronic, to actually make it more efficient. So for us we see our market partners as extremely central. And just want to continue to reinforce and foster those relationships on behalf of our clients.
Gregory C. Case: One of the – look, of I'd add today as well. As you think about these investments drive top line, as Christa has just described. But they also in many respects – not all – but in many respects inject a level of operating leverage into the business that's actually quite powerful. So we're growing top line. But we're also able to improve margin at lesser levels of growth, if you see where I'm coming from. And by the way, you see that in Risk Solutions and you see that in HR Solutions both. So these investments we've been making over time that are beginning to – you're beginning to see show up have both pieces in the context of that. So it really is an investment at scale, if you will, in terms of sort of making a difference across Aon.
Gregory C. Case: But you will see us over time, Vinay, grow this business organically as we described before. And this will strengthen our ability. We believe this will strengthen our ability to grow organically. And you will see that play out over the coming quarters.
Gregory C. Case: Operator, you just broke – oh. Yeah. Sorry about that. Got it. Brexit. Listen, step back overall. It's obviously a topic of conversation now daily with clients around the world. Obviously as you get into Europe and the U.K., more frequently than that. As we think about – and we really think about this, Brian, first and foremost for our clients. And we see there's lots of ways it could – that if it ends up happening that it could impact them and their operations of their businesses over time. And that's really what we're most vigilant on. For Aon we actually feel very comfortable. We'll help them manage through it if they have to endure that. And if not, we feel comfortable with that as well. So there's not as much impact on Aon overall. But from our standpoint feel that there is a set of opportunities here that come out of disruption, if that's the case, and there's a set of items we're going to help our clients to address it. But for us it really – that's how we'd shape it out.
Gregory C. Case: We actually feel really good about the continuation of this, Brian, as I said before. First of all, for us, first and foremost, it's really the Health category. Absolutely really like the position we're in and how that's continuing to grow. And on the exchange side our clients continue to experience very, very good results. A large percentage of our clients actually had rate decreases in the last cycle overall. Satisfaction continues to be very high. And the pipeline is very, very strong. We know it takes time for these things to evolve. And you're seeing that play out on the Health Exchange side. But it really is part of an overall Health Solution, which is actually quite, quite strong.
Gregory C. Case: Listen, we agree in terms of sort of overall opportunity. If you step back and think about the journey that Aon has been on as we've shaped and built our firm, we would say this is an unfinished business for us. This is – while we've made great progress, and it's really a credit to my Aon colleagues around the world, the progress they've made over the last number of years, the platform we have and given the current state of the – state of where our clients are with unprecedented risk spacing, traditional and non-traditional. Think about global warming, pandemic, cyber, terrorism, all the different pieces. The challenges on Health, which are unprecedented literally in the U.S. and around the world, the challenges on retirement. These set of issues for us represent what we believe is an incredible set of demands for clients, needs for clients. And our platforms are actually very, very well positioned against these mega, really global needs from a client standpoint. And as I said at the beginning to Sarah's question, the ways we're helping clients are traditional brokerage, all the different pieces around that. There are areas that are outside that, as we continue to evolve and develop. By the way, that's in HR Solutions and in Risk Solutions. And then in areas like data and analytics, which frankly are opening up an entire new vista for us that we've invested in. This is not flavor of the month for us. This has been a 7-year set of investments in which we're investing $300 million, $400 million, $500 million over time around on data and analytics and insight. So for us we see this as a tremendous opportunity. And it's not just top line. It really is around operating performance improvement, which is why again we look at 2016, 2017, 2018 as just a continuation. This is not new news. A continuation of building Aon, strengthening Aon on behalf of clients. And the record shows we're making progress against that with more opportunity to come.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. Well, listen. Again remember back to what Christa described in terms of our overall framework. We have a pretty maniacal framework around return on invested capital. And what I would highlight for you is, while we've done a lot of buyback in the last 10 years, we've also done $7 billion, $8 billion worth of M&A. So we've done a tremendous amount of M&A. We've done a tremendous amount of buyback. And over a 10-year period, we've improved operating income 10% per year over that period of time and grown EPS about 16% per year over that period of time. And so we're going to keep looking at these tradeoffs. And we – as we make our cash flow goal in 2017 of $2.4 billion and continue to build on it, as Christa described, our capacity to invest back in the business organically, M&A, buyback, we have all these at our disposal as we build the firm. And that's why candidly we're very – we're excited about where we are on the journey and what the possibilities are going forward. And we see more possibilities going forward than we do historically in terms of what the opportunities are going to look like.
Gregory C. Case: I think the punch line, by the way, if you step back and think about sort of the trades, because we've gotten a few questions here on the balance sheet with more interest than we've ever had before. If you step back and think about the tax rate that I think you're getting back to. And Christa's point that literally we feel very comfortable with where it is. By the way, we feel very comfortable with where it is and for the foreseeable future. That's past 2021, 2022, 2023, so past that time period. So you take all the debt pieces off the table completely and ask, how comfortable are we with our current tax rate? We feel very comfortable with it. It will evolve over time back and forth. But we feel very comfortable. And nothing that's happened the last 6 months or the last 6 weeks has changed that point of view in the least bit. So just – I think that's the governing thoughts. And so you might want to take away from where we are.
Gregory C. Case: I just wanted to say thanks, everybody, for joining today. We really appreciate it. And I appreciate your interest in Aon and look forward to the next call. Thanks very much.
