Christa Davies: Thanks so much, Elyse. As we stated previously, our goal is to grow margins each and every year, including in 2022. And we expect 2022 margins to be driven by accelerating revenue growth; portfolio mix shift to higher-growth, higher-margin businesses; and leverage from Aon Business Services. You've seen our track record, as you mentioned, of driving 100 basis points of margin expansion a year over the past decade, with some years a little more and some years a little less. We did deliver above-average margin expansion of 160 basis points in 2021. And there will always be lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter, which we did see this year, in terms of the timing of investment and discretionary expenses. So are we going to expand margins in 2022? Absolutely. And as we look to 2022, we also expect investments in colleagues, some ongoing reduction of T&E and investments in long-term growth. So we expect to drive margin expansion, net of investments, over the course of the full year.
Christa Davies: Absolutely. And look, we do expect double-digit free cash flow growth for the foreseeable future. So we have a substantial cash flow generation capacity, and we're in a really strong capital position. And so you're right, Elyse, the first starting point is expectations for free cash flow, which is double-digit over the long-term and incremental debt capacity. So as EBITDA grows, you should expect us to add debt, keeping our leverage ratios in line with our current investment-grade ratings. And then what we would say is we continue to follow a very disciplined return-on-capital approach to allocate that capital. And you saw that with share buybacks remaining the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon, $3.5 billion repurchased in 2021 and $2 billion in Q4, giving you a sense of how undervalued we think the stock currently is. But in addition to investing in share buyback, Elyse, we have a substantial M&A pipeline, and we expect to do M&A during 2022 in areas of high growth but high demand from clients. We also expect to invest organically in our colleagues, whether it's in technology to scale innovation across the globe. And so we're really excited about the $4 billion of capital return to shareholders in 2021. And we're also really pleased with the return on capital of 27.4% in 2021, an increase of over 1,500 basis points over the last 10 years.
Christa Davies: So Paul, one of the things we do is we look at -- we start from client need, and we then build our M&A pipelines around the highest growth, highest margin, highest return on capital opportunities, which are really aligned with the biggest areas of client needs, whether that's health and associated benefits, whether that's delegated investment management, whether that's data analytics. And so a lot of the areas that we're actually focused in, we're actually building relationship with companies well before they go through a process. So we're not actually competing with others. And so we're building relationships with companies in areas like cyber, in areas like intellectual property, in a lot of data analytic-intensive businesses, which we're really thrilled to be bringing that capability into Aon. And we expect to do a lot more of that in 2022.
Christa Davies: So we have actual shares outstanding in Q4 2021 of 221.4 million. And then we have a few diluted shares, which get you to 223.7 million is the estimated Q1 2022 diluted shares.
Christa Davies: Yes, of course. So when you issue shares, you increased the share count related to stock-based compensation. And so if you think about the actual shares issued each year for the last couple of years, it's been going down substantially, while the dollar amounts of stock we issue has been remained the same. So we've been very disciplined about the granting amount we're giving out. But obviously, as the stock price increases, the dilutive impact decreases. So in 2021, as an example, we issued 1.7 million shares.
Christa Davies: And then on your comp and benefits question, I think you said expenses are going up. We are absolutely investing in our colleagues. We're investing in our current colleagues, in talent and development, in wealth creation and in hiring great new talents to serve unmet client needs. And we're excited about being able to continue to do that into 2022 as well as continue to invest in growth areas across our business in the context of driving margin expansion for the full year.
Christa Davies: Yes. We do see wage inflation in our business. We saw that in Q3. We expect that to continue into 2022. But what we would say is, while we continue to invest in our colleagues, which we think is terrific, we expect to offset that with efficiencies driven by Aon Business Services at scale. And so that offset and continued sort of efficiency there allows us to continue to drive margin expansion. One of the other macro things I might add, just while you're on inflation, is interest rates. So if interest rates were to continue to rise, that is a very positive dot for us in 3 key ways: fiduciary investment income increases, every 100 basis points in short-term interest rates, there's an increase of $60 million top line and bottom line for Aon; the second is pension liability comes down, and then the third, which you may think is a negative, but is not, interest expense and our entire debt portfolio has fixed interest, fixed rate interest, so there's no impact on debt. So inflation, we do expect, longer term, to be a positive for our business. Short term, there's sort of a wage inflation impact for sure. Interest rates is positive on 3 fronts. So we do think the macro environment is very positive for our business.
Christa Davies: I mean what we would say is we continue to manage the portfolio actively and continue to invest in higher revenue growth, higher-margin businesses. We will continue to divest lower revenue growth, lower-margin, low return on capital businesses. I think there's fewer of them left in the portfolio. So you saw us do that with the Retiree Health Care Exchange business in Q4, but there's also a huge opportunity with Aon Business Services to invest and prove the efficiency and therefore, increase the margins of the existing businesses to help them scale globally in much more efficient ways and to scale innovation in more ways. So yes, we'll continue to be an active manager portfolio, but Aon Business Services is probably a much bigger lever for us in driving margin expansion going forward.
Greg Case: We'd start, I think, with -- our entire design, our entire approach is really around, as it always is, around client delivering, which we're trying to accomplish, supporting our colleagues to do that. So we will, first and foremost, really optimize around that approach and that perspective. And we've done, as you've described, a number of innovative things to sort of reinforce that. It's actually worked exceptionally well on the client side and for our colleagues as well. So you'll continue to see us do that. The outgrowth on the expense side will be what it will be. We'll make investments, as Christa just described, on a return on invested capital basis, and that's actually worked exceptionally well for us. And where there's opportunities to create optimization, we'll do that. Where there's opportunities to invest to create a better outcome for clients and colleagues, we'll do that. So that's really how we thought about it, and it's worked exceptionally well for us, especially as the environments continue to evolve.
Greg Case: Kind of this is also a very dynamic conversation. Every year, every situation evolves over time. And it's led to a 30% margin, which we believe, as Christa described very clearly, with real, real upside over time as we move through that. But also, if you could call out return on invested capital, this process has led to 27% in change return on invested capital, which is really a phenomenal outcome in terms of sort of what it's been able to do. So it served us well. And businesses that were in the performing category 2 or 3 years ago, we have to continue to improve, and we're looking for ways to do that. So this is really not just about the static but about the dynamic and how it evolves over time. And that the process that Chris and the team has set up has really served us well. I think because there's probably like more like on the return on invested capital side, almost like 1,500 basis points over the last 10 years, surpassing even what we've done on margin.
Greg Case: Adam, we really are -- the activity has been -- has done dramatic and this continues to increase. And whether it results in sort of revenue now or revenue in the future, the opportunity to work with people leaders and our clients around the world, it's just exceptional. And as you highlight, the demand is tremendous, not just for the sort of literally the here and now and what you do day-to-day to support employees, but also as you think about resilience, all things workforce and talent. So we love the space overall from a talent and a health standpoint. While it also ties into what's going on, on the retirement side, and I think helping employees really be more effective as leaders, as humans, in terms of what they do every day beyond just a specific benefit line. So we're seeing - we see tremendous opportunity on the health side everywhere around the world, not just in the US. And as Eric described before, it connects with demand in other areas that touch employees, like retirement and all aspects of that.
Greg Case: Thanks very much. I just want to say, on behalf of Christa, Eric and I, thanks very much for joining this quarter and look forward to our discussion next time. Take care.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. Thanks. Listen, I would say -- and I think I've said this on a couple of these calls, the pricing environment really is just one factor. You also have to look at exposure growth and the like. And listen, our role in this, when we work with our clients, is really about, first, how they do risk identification, risk management. So there's a lot that they do that doesn't go into the market. And then, ultimately, they're also financed, right? So what can they do on their own balance sheets and how can they protect themselves using their own resources? But when they get to a point where they actually want to do risk transfer, they have a number of tools at their ability. They look at retentions, they look at coinsurance, they look at deductibles, they look at terms and conditions, they look at limits, all these areas. In fact -- and we try and bring all of our insight, our data and analytics to them to help them make those best choices. And so when you see discussions around market rates, it's different than what clients actually buy. So it's not a direct line from the carrier, who may say the market's going up, the market's going down, versus what they do for their own portfolio.
Eric Andersen: Greg, I would say there's a number of areas where we continue to drive growth and how we've built our strategy around trying to take advantage to bring that value to clients. You've got what we do today, how do we connect it globally, how do we make sure we're bringing new solutions within our existing business. And then areas where we find growth, where we're actually connecting the different capabilities that we have across what is historically been business units, where you might free up insight that sits inside of a reinsurance business and bring it to corporate clients, or how you bring human capital capability to match with our directors' and officers' capability on the risk side. So how you bring those new -- how you bring existing capabilities together in new ways to solve clients' problems. And then you've obviously got the net new growth that we're so focused on, whether it's cyber, where it's no longer just an insurance policy. You need to bring risk mitigation, risk identification, new skills to be able to provide real value to clients. Certainly, climate, how you drive better insight to give our clients an opportunity to try and manage today the issues that they're facing with climate while also investing in the future to provide new opportunities to help manage those risks. So there are issues that are happening that would be -- have been considered horizon risks that are today on everybody's front door, as we've said in the past, but also how we use our existing capabilities in new ways to drive better outcomes for clients. So we see an opportunity for growth certainly today and in the future.
Eric Andersen: Yeah, Greg, I think you covered it really well. I think the client demand question we talked about a few minutes ago. But as we work with the clients on their risk today and help plan around the risk of the future, it really is an opportunity for us to show the value of our operating model. So we can bring the capabilities of our firm to a client in the way that they want to use it and provide the insight that looks at a risk holistically, not just as an insurance risk, not just as a talent risk, but really pull all of it together at one point. And you see that in the resilience work that's being done out of our human capital and risk teams together. You see that in reinsurance risk, a couple of those different examples we talked about. But the operating model, I think, provides us with a competitive advantage that is different from what you see in the marketplace, connecting globally by using our ability to talk to clients' segments with industry backgrounds, really understanding their issues and then bringing that capability. Anybody can say it. It is absolutely critical to do it to be able to meet these needs of the future, but also having an Aon Business Services as the backbone of the firm, where we're able to leverage the data and analytics, be able to leverage our scale, provide the level of service that clients are looking for in a way that drives efficiency that allows us to invest back in the talent that you need, the new channel that you need to draw into a firm to be able to handle issues like cyber, like climate, like resilience and those types. So we feel really good that the model that we've put in place really does give us an ability to meet those needs going forward.
Eric Andersen: Greg, maybe one just quick comment. I think the -- when we talk about our own colleagues as the whole person, but it's not just the professional side, but certainly the well-being side, that absolutely is playing out right now with all of our clients. There's also a desire to understand, on a global basis, what their benefit programs look like, how you harmonize those. And this global benefit strategy that corporations are doing really is designed to free up talent, to be able to move talent across borders to meet opportunities. And so that is a building part of what a human resource person is looking at. And I think it also fits into the talent piece of trying to use their talent, where they're best able to drive value for the company, but also for the individual or career opportunities as well.
