Gregory C. Case: Sure. From our standpoint, first, if you step back and think about progress, you're already starting to see in our view some leverage coming from the investments we're making, we've made historically in areas like the Exchanges, in areas like cyber, in areas like data and analytics and the work on the Risk Insight Platform. And if you think about it, Christa and I both highlighted this, in the first six months, reflecting back in 2017, 4% growth versus the first six months in 2016, which was 3% versus the first six months in 2015 which was 2%. So, in essence you're starting to see, as Christa highlighted, a portfolio which has got greater and better growth characteristics than we've had before. So, you're going to continue to see that progression. Obviously we're not going to give guidance on this other than to say we expect to see greater growth potential in Aon going forward from the investments we're making, but also from the portfolio changes we've made with the divestiture of our outsourcing business.
Gregory C. Case: Well, I'd say first of all, David, your first question around visibility into the rest of the year on revenue and organic growth, look, we continue to make investments to strengthen the firm as Sarah highlighted on the last question. Remember, this business, I highlighted in our Commercial Risk business a 93% plus retention business. So from that standpoint, a pretty sticky business. That gives us a lot of visibility into what happens in the second half and what happens throughout the year for that matter. Still, doesn't mean we don't invest heavily to try to drive that up, but we've got a lot of visibility in what that baseline looks like. So happy to come back to that, but a lot of visibility there. On the Reinsurance side, listen, to us this is just a continuation of what our team has done. We've got an exceptionally strong team on the Reinsurance side. We continue to add talent, but we start from a unique position. We're the number one player in treaty, number one player in fac, number one player in ILS. And we've encountered a number of headwinds over the years as it relates to the pricing, particularly in the U.S., particularly in U.S. property, particularly in U.S. property cat where we're number one in all those and yet our team, against that headwind over the last number of years has done nothing short of just keep investing in innovation. And you've seen us do things in mortgage; you've seen us do things in other areas that no one else has done to actually create new markets and new capacity, new opportunities, and you're seeing us be able to react to client needs around reducing volatility, improve returns and help them grow. That really is just unmatched from that standpoint. And so for us, that need from a client standpoint is very high. We keep investing to do that and you saw us in the quarter deliver what has been 6%, probably close to the highest we've been in a long, long time. But really, again, consistent with our conversation, we wouldn't look at the quarter. We'd say in the first half, we've delivered 4% in the first half and we look for continued progress on the reinsurance side. It candidly draws from the strength of the team and what we can do on behalf of clients.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, happy to talk about both of those, Kai. On the first piece, first overall, you know how seriously we take compliance and regulatory matters, and will continue to do so. Certainly focused on the FCA and what they're looking at. We took a $34 million charge in the second quarter for regulatory matters that are part of this, subject to this investigation. We obviously can't comment much further on that, but we're going to continue to work that arena very, very strongly and again, take it very, very seriously. On the asset management side on the FCA from that standpoint, this is an area they're looking at overall, and really they're evaluating fiduciary standards which we do today. What we would say and this is listen, this is any place we can create more client transparency, opportunity for more client value, we're very much in favor of and you will see us supporting in every way we possibly can.
Gregory C. Case: Inpoint. Excellent. Thank you. Got it. So, on Cyber overall and Stroz, again remember you have to take a step back. We had a very strong position in Cyber, exceptionally strong, disproportionate share of the overall placement in the market, and our colleagues said listen, although we've got this position and it's growing nicely, when you think about overall client need, it really is outstripping where the insurance industry is, and by the way, the industry, that's really all of us. So, we're not pointing fingers. We're really looking at Aon and saying how can we actually change that? And again, if you look at the reported loss in cyber or cyber-related items, it's $450 billion plus in the U.S., and by the way, the European theater is now just opening up as the regulation begins to change. So you're about to see a number which is going to get close to $1 trillion plus in cyber reported loss and yet the insurance world is about $2.5 billion to $3 billion in premium overall. And so when we looked at that we said, look, why is that? And what we saw was it was difficult and hard for balance sheets or insurance partners to actually apply capital against cyber without a better understanding of the root cause and the drivers of it. And so we went about bringing in capability and talent really to address that on top of what we have today before. And so from our standpoint, it is really a real opportunity for us to serve clients in a very, very effective way. And we're really doing a set of things in cyber that help redefine the marketplace to create opportunities to bring more capital in. So it's been exceptionally strong and we're looking forward to next steps, really in terms of what we can do on behalf of clients. So Cyber is very, very positive with lots of opportunity and a lot to do. On the second piece on Inpoint, what I'd really like to talk about is the category, which is really Data & Analytics. What we've got from that standpoint is a broad set of relationships we developed over time, many of them underpinned by true content, true insight on Data & Analytics. And what we see, and Inpoint's part of this, but really the whole category in Data & Analytic Services is really an opportunity for us to actually bring Data & Analytics to the table in a way in which you help clients understand risk differently, mitigate risk differently, understand opportunities, reduce volatility in a unique way and that's why we are so excited about the whole category of Data & Analytic Services, of which Inpoint is part of.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. Listen, you're going to see us invest, as Christa said before, in areas where we think we can apply capital to improve return on invested capital and serve clients. So you'll see us think about areas where we can bring in content and capability irrespective of – the revenue lines we've broken out, we're very excited about each and every one of them, all of them going through transitions and change as we invest in and around it. And you're going to see that in Data & Analytic Services, you're going to see that in Health, you're seeing that in Retirement, seeing that in Reinsurance and you're certainly going to see it on the Commercial Risk side.
Gregory C. Case: Brian, we really, as I said before, really don't look at it that way. And again, we're essentially helping clients to improve return on their own capital, whether it's from cat bonds or treaty or fac and all the different pieces around that. So we really look at them together and it was certainly a strong part of the quarter for us, as I highlighted, given the position we've got. We've got a very strong position in this category. But we've got strong positions in the other categories as well.
Gregory C. Case: One of the things, Jay, as you look at what we have done, put them in the second quarter, it really, for us, is just an example of our reinforcement of the overall game plan and that's reflected in the first half performance. If you think about the Aon of 2016 versus the Aon of the future, we believe as you look at that picture, that from two, it's a pretty compelling picture. The Aon of 2016 delivered 16% TSR for a decade, which is fine, but we expect the Aon of the future, as we go through the restructuring, as we invest, continue to invest in organic opportunities, is going to deliver the near-term EPS expectations you all have, but we're going to end up with a platform that's higher growth, higher margin, higher ROIC, higher free cash flow growth and higher operating leverage that's going to support future improvement and it's going to put us, as Christa described, fully on track to deliver double-digit free cash flow growth over the long-term. So, that's the program we've undertaken. That's what we're very excited about and we see the first half of the year fully reflecting that progress.
Gregory C. Case: Ashley, thanks very much. Just want to say to everyone thanks very much for joining the call and we look forward to our discussion next quarter. Have a great day.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So Sarah, what I would say is, as you look at the first half of 2017, operating income is up $117 million, of which $54 million of that is coming from savings from the restructuring program. So, if you think about it, operating income is up 12% for the first half of the year year-over-year and then excluding savings it's up 6%. So we do see strong growth in operational performance on an underlying basis. So we feel really good with the first half performance on an underlying basis.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Not really. I mean, as you said, Q1 and Q4 are seasonally stronger quarters for us and that continues to be true.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Well Dave, as you know, we do think about allocating cash on a return on capital basis. That is the way we allocate cash between share repurchase, M&A, organic investment or any other use of cash. And as we think about that the highest return on capital across the firm remains share repurchase which is why you've seen us do $1 billion of share repurchase in Q2. As we think about use of cash for the balance of the year, you can see we've got $3.4 billion of cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. We are generating substantial free cash flow in the second half of the year. It's our seasonally strongest half of the year, and so we have tremendous capital flexibility. And we do see us continuing our share repurchase given the exceptional return on capital that generates. We also have a very attractive pipeline in M&A. It's probably the most significant it's ever been historically and so we expect to continue M&A, and so I think you'll see a mix of uses across the portfolio.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. So Kai, what we would say is the overall purpose of the program is to create the next generation operating model for AON, bringing together everything into one operating model for AON. We call it AON United. And we're bringing together one operating model across the firm to drive greater operating leverage and to deliver additional insight, connectivity and efficiency, primarily in IT, in real estate and in people. If you think about the 40% of the restructuring charge we've used year-to-date, it's primarily been in workforce reduction and we do think about that as setting up the future operating model of Aon. Longer term, because it takes longer to come through, you'll see more IT and you'll see more real estate. We don't believe this is having a disruption to the firm. If you look at the first half revenue growth as Greg highlighted, we've accelerated revenue growth 2% in the first half of 2015, 3% in the first half of 2016, and 4% in the first half of 2017. And so we do believe actually bringing together Aon under Aon United will help generate benefits for clients, because we're bringing together a common approach for clients which we think is going to be exceptional.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So, what I would say, Elyse, is as we think about the quarter, there are lots of things that happen that are lumpy in a quarter, and I would go back to the first half of the year, because it's a much clear trend, and frankly it's much more indicative for full year 2017. And so as you look at the first half of the year, you do see operating income up $117 million, which included $54 million of savings. And so as you think about operating income growth year-over-year, 12%, excluding savings 6%, so that's giving you your underlying operating income growth. And we are getting underlying margin expansion as well, and so we do feel very good about the operational improvement in the first half of the year, which is on track for full year performance.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. So, what we have said, Elyse, is that the $44 million of savings we had in Q2 was before reinvestment. We are absolutely going to invest in high growth areas that drive expansion of margin and growth in free cash flow, and you can see those investments that we're making over the last couple of years have contributed to our accelerated organic revenue growth. And so we aren't going to give guidance in the second half of the year. We have said for full year 2017 that our savings for 2017 will be $150 million, but we haven't given guidance on what percentage we will reinvest.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: So, we don't give guidance on shares. What we can say is we bought $1 billion of shares in Q2. And as I mentioned on a previous question, as we think about the balance of the year, we've got $3.4 billion of cash and short-term investments sitting on the balance sheet. We're generating substantial free cash flow in the second half of the year. The second half of the year is our strongest free cash flow half. And as we invest that cash, our highest return on capital opportunity remains share repurchase. And so we expect to continue to repurchase stock in the second half of the year.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Well, so Jay the $900 million is really a restructuring charge. It's a one-time charge to generate the savings. So if you think about the return on capital, that you're investing $900 million in cash and you're generating $400 million of savings. So that's the way we think about the return on invested capital of that particular exercise. And there's a separate exercise which is, as we come across terrific growth opportunities, and Greg talked about several of them, whether it's data analytics, whether it's health and elective benefits, whether it's delegated investment management, then we will look at those as separate exercises and we will invest organically to get a return in those businesses. And you've seen them generate an acceleration in our organic revenue growth, they contribute to margin expansion and they particularly contribute to our double-digit free cash flow growth that we expect to do annually going forward. And so, what I would say is, we don't expect all of the $400 million of savings to fall to the bottom line, but we certainly expect the reinvestment in savings to generate accelerated revenue growth, margin expansion and free cash flow growth going forward.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Well Jay, what I would point out though is what you saw with our non-GAAP tax rate in Q2 of 15.6% was that was impacted favorably by positive discretes. And so, excluding those positive discretes, the underlying non-GAAP rate would have been approximately 17.5% for Q2 and that is exactly the same as what we said, the underlying rate, underlying non-GAAP rate would have been approximately 17.5% for Q1 this year too. And so, what we do think is there is opportunity over the long-term to reduce that rate, but in addition to that, there's the timing of the cash rate and the effective tax rate over time and the cash rate is slightly above the effective tax rate today and it will come down to equally effective tax rate over time and accelerate free cash flow growth doing that.
