Greg Case: So, Suneet, appreciate it. As we’ve said before when we got together as the pandemic and so we pulled guidance overall, what we said today as we think about Aon, obviously, we’re talking about mid single-digit or greater certainly macroeconomic conditions continue -- are continue. I remind everybody that before pandemic we talked about a combined mid single-digit or greater and we planned to do need is when we -- as we complete the combination we will obviously back to you with what we expect going forward. But remember where we were when we started the process.
Greg Case: Yeah. I would really highlight, Elyse is, as you go back really Q1 last year, which is really pre-pandemic, there really wasn’t a lot of pandemic embedded in it and we were just observing 6% against that is a great start to the year, just really underscores the momentum we have. We’re obviously not going to give guidance other than the mid single-digit as we proceed through the year, assuming macroeconomic conditions continue to trend in the right direction. But we would just observe within the Commercial Risk at 9% organic and Reinsurance at 6% and Retirement at 5% and Health at 4%. It was a really strong start to the year with momentum. And the data analytics piece, Christa described before, obviously, as against a pre-pandemic quarter with some pressure around travel and events, but that’s going to come back very, very strongly when it does. So we are -- macroeconomic conditions hold, we are comfortable with mid single-digit or greater.
Greg Case: Jimmy, if you take a step back and think about what we were really a little over a year ago March 2020 as we announced the combination, we described by the way an opportunity was grounded with the $800 million, as Christa just described, but really was about opportunity, opportunity for clients, opportunity for colleagues, obviously, having delivered that opportunity for shareholders. And we described that literally, if you think about that opportunity, in the next five years, from our standpoint, from a value creation standpoint, we think it is as strong as we had ever seen anyway in our 10 plus years. And if that includes 10 years of circa almost 1,200 basis points improvement on return on invested capital and close to 1,600 basis points improvement on free cash flow margin. So, from a real shareholder value standpoint, a year ago, we’re just -- we are really excited about this. I would tell you over the course of the year, having spent time with Willis Towers Watson colleagues that conviction has only grown. And everything you see and we’ve talked about externally, as Christa described very well, it doesn’t include how we’re thinking about accelerating innovation. And there’s a lot that’s kind of going on as we’ve begun the integration in terms of how this plays out, that really has been -- it’s been really exciting. I mean the momentum is building around this with our colleagues, it’s quite, quite high and we’re just looking forward to all aspects, client, colleagues and shareholder impact.
Greg Case: Yeah. If we step back, again, the shareholder value question was asked and answered as we did in August. We would come back relatively opportunity that we see and how it’s evolved over time. What we really want you to take away is, the opportunity we saw a year ago is stronger now than we saw a year ago. By the way that’s not just the work that Eric described and how the teams have come together and seeing all the possibilities, that’s also pandemic. One of the outcomes of pandemic is really an amplification in both awareness across the globe, literally across every company in the world, there’s a bigger awareness for things like pandemic, climate, intangible assets, cyber than more than ever before. Also up into the C suite in ways that it has permeated before. So, for us, so we see a tremendous opportunity. We saw that opportunity as we brought together the discussion around the combination in last March and we see it continuing. So from our standpoint, as Christa described at the beginning, we’re making our way through the process and making good progress and we’re very excited about the outcome.
Greg Case: Yeah. Phil, it’s really an excellent question to answer how the business evolves and this idea of new better, we’re not kidding, actually it’s been amazing. The 10 coalitions we have are literally the major cities around the world in Chicago, in New York, in London, in Tokyo and Madrid, Singapore, et cetera. These are largest companies in the world. We’ll be comparing notes on how they come back together work, travel and being in the process. And we’ve just taken away a huge amount from that. And in many respects when we think about client leadership and how we engage with clients obviously the face-to-face is key and it will continue to be key. But our ability to make a difference with clients in remote environments where we can actually amplify what it means to be a United literally bringing colleagues from around the world, obviously, in a virtual way to clients has proven to us to be an unbelievably effective on both new business, with existing clients relative net new opportunities. So very, very -- you compel it. Eric led -- you’ve led this work around the world. Maybe you can talk a bit about this, because it’s very important as you think about T&E overall.
Greg Case: One thing, just final piece I’ll add on this because it’s really -- it’s important to us, because we really worked it for a decade. Obviously, anybody can open up WebEx as Eric described AND put faces on there. But when you actually put colleagues around the world from different solution lines together and it’s clearly the client that they know each other, they’re reacting to different situations. They’re supporting each other. That’s not duplicatable, right? That’s taken us a decade to work through. And so the IT -- it turns out there are 10 faces on the screen amplifies what it means to work and united together as one firm and that’s what clients see, they’ve commented on to us, which is, wow, I didn’t really understand what this meant before. But the only way they could have seen it, as Eric has described, we put 10 people in a conference room, which we’re never going to do, but 10 on WebEx totally interacting on behalf of clients really addressing their issues. That is pretty cool. The example I gave and the commentary upfront around the vaccine protection was exactly that. It was a group of people together that probably would have gotten together in the same way before. So we just want you to -- we don’t understand how we’re thinking about our business as T&E comes back, but it’s much, much broader than that.
Greg Case: As we described, David, listen, our view is great momentum as we began the year, no doubt. First quarter strong across the board on all aspects with some real standouts and we see as macroeconomic conditions evolve mid single-digit or greater macroeconomic conditions evolve, mid single-digit or greater as we think about where we are for the year. And obviously, the first quarter gave us real confidence -- growing confidence in that assuming macroeconomic conditions.
Greg Case: Yeah. It was really across the Board in terms of sort of all the different aspects, Commercial Risk, Reinsurance, Retirement and Health across the Board with real great work by the teams around the world on new business growth and growth in project related work which came back a bit particularly in some of the search lines.
Greg Case: Well, as we said before, we didn’t disclosed, Meyer, as you described, but the entire region we are bringing the combination together, really goes back to this idea of we’ve accelerate -- we’ve got to find ways to accelerate innovation on behalf of clients, continue to do what we’re doing but just keep getting better on their behalf. And Meyer it’s not hard to find the categories where we can continue to improve and support. Look at issues like pandemic obviously, but we are -- how we are going to bring solutions that really matter for clients and climate. It is as I think about taking actions to go zero carbon. How do we help them reduce volatility in the way that. We had a set of use back in March 2020 on that. Eric I think describe it very well, as we spent time with our colleagues at Willis Towers Watson we see more potential and possibilities than ever and pandemic happened. So clients are actually more attuned to like. What am I going to do on this and I’m not going to play it out. Things like intangible assets. We’ve made great progress on tangible assets and how you think about defending the house on intangible assets. But now with Willis Towers Watson the opportunity we believe is even greater, areas like cyber, et cetera. So we are -- we were excited in 2020 around the possibilities on what we can do to drive innovation, which is in fact net new opportunity for clients and for our colleagues, but also revenue and we see that opportunity greater now than we saw at a year ago.
Greg Case: Thank you, Brittney. I just wanted to say to everyone thank you very much for joining this quarter. We appreciate it and very much look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks so much.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, Suneet, this is a great question and thank you for asking. And so what you’re really seeing is just $200 million come out of Q4 and then of that $135 million goes into Q2 and $65 million goes into Q3. Suneet that is before growth and so you should assume growth is built on top of that and we haven’t given that growth rate. But what I would say is, it’s in the context of full year margin expansion for 2021 on top of a track record of, as you know, Suneet, over the last 10 years of 890 basis points over the last 10 years so approximately 90 basis points a year.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean we do expect to drive free cash flow growth annually over the long-term building on our track record of 14% CAGR over the last 10 years. I mean Q1 free cash flow was exceptionally strong driven by operating income growth, very strong operating income growth in the quarter. Given our pending combination with Willis Towers Watson and especially the impact of free cash flow relating to achieving the $800 million of cost synergies, we’re not providing standalone guidance for Aon at this time. But we do remain incredibly excited for the long-term cash flow potential of the pending combination.
Christa Davies: So, Elyse, we’re not going to speculate on remedies. We have confirmed that we’ll put remedies. We’re continuing to work collaboratively with regulators and we continue to anticipate, as I mentioned, the $800 million of cost synergies considering the remedies offered. And we’d expect to allocate any divestiture proceeds according to our ROIC framework in which share buyback continues to be our highest return activity.
Christa Davies: So, Elyse, we’re not giving guidance -- tax guidance going forward. But I would say as we look back historically, exclusively there would be impact of discrete items which can be positive or negative in a quarter, our historical underlying rate over the last four years has been 18%.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, I guess, I’d start with. We’ve got a 10-year track record of margin expansion approximately 90 basis points for a decade every year. We expect margin expansion for the full year 2021 and we’re obviously not giving specific guidance for margin expansion for 2021. But I’d say if you look to the rest of 2021, we should anticipate some investment in the business and some potential of resumption of T&E later in the year and that’s really all in the context of overall margin expansion for 2021. But if you -- but Greg you might want to talk about this from a client perspective and how we’re thinking about T&E and delivering to clients.
Christa Davies: So, if you’re talking about expenses, Phil, what I’ve noticed in expenses is in 2021 you have a lot less G&A and you have a lot less investment in the business compared to Q1 2020. So the margin expansion is much more pronounced in Q1 that you might -- than you might get in the full year. We do expect full year margin expansion. And then we did see an increase in comp and benefits due to FX, but also due to investment in the business. And so I guess that probably the two unusual things I’d sort of note in Q1.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, David, we continue to anticipate $800 million of cost synergies considering the remedies we’ve offered and we’d expect to allocate any divestiture proceeds according to our ROIC framework in which share buyback continues to be our highest expected return activity. I would note that the $800 million of cost synergies, we’re very confident in achieving. It’s 5.5% of the combined cost base. And we achieved 11% of the combined cost base today on U.S. and 18% of the combined cost base today Benfold and there’s no structural differences here. And so, we feel really good about achieving that $800 million.
Christa Davies: So, first of all, David, we absolutely expect full year margin expansion for the year 2021 and we think about margin expansion in the context of full year, because quarter-to-quarter our expenses will be lumpy as we sort of talked about with the re-patenting of expenses. But what we would say is, Q1 was unusual in terms of margin expansion, because we had a pre-pandemic comparable in Q1 2020. And so I think about margin expansion over the course of the full year 2021. And as you said, we had a 10-year track record of 890 basis points of margin expansion over the last 10 years, so 90 basis points a year. And we’re on track to do full year margin expansion again in 2021.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean it really makes a difference in terms of margin expansion. It’s driving improved quality and therefore reduced errors. And it’s driving efficiency, because it’s allowing colleagues to spend more time on high value activities with their client. So it’s both reduced errors and improved efficiency. And then utilizing client experience, but I mean, Meyer, the simple answer is operating margin expansions.
