Gregory C. Case: David, let me start, overall, as you know, we've been – I described Aon Client Promise in my commentary and part of that is literally how we support clients every day and the direct result of that measurable is retention and something we also call rollovers, not only keeping the client but also doing more and serving them more effectively. And if you look at where we are, we're a 90% plus retention business, 94% in the U.S. and the fourth quarter is our strongest quarter by far. But you can imagine we've got pretty good visibility into momentum and direction for that and feel good about our ability to close the year. And in terms of on the healthcare exchange piece, happy to talk more about it if you like. We feel very, very good about our progress. We have great momentum on the exchange side, but I want to emphasize for us this is part of a much, much bigger platform, much bigger perspective around the health platform overall, in which we're bringing a very broad set of solutions to the table: big companies, medium-size companies, small companies and a complete suite of efforts to the table. And for us on the health side, we're very excited about it. This is a double-digit growth opportunity for us. We're already achieving but we see more potential going forward, with substantial margin improvement potential as well. So we feel good about the momentum for the fourth quarter and into 2017.
Gregory C. Case: So here is what I would say, as we think about the exchange piece and we step back. For us – and I'll just be very direct – this is an incredibly positive outcome for us with great momentum, but we continue to be confused/interested in all the confusion in the market. The numbers are really not apples-to-apples in any way, shape or form. So for us the enrollment numbers really aren't as relevant at this point anymore. We've got so many off-cycle enrollments now on the horizon of project related revenue, which is much more substantial than ever before, and this really ends up being a platform for us. We're seeing things like elective benefits, whether it's life, home, long-term disability, short-term disability, it's a very, very positive set of developments for us. And if you looked at it as a business, again, less about enrollment, about the business overall, this is double-digit revenue growth on exchanges for us. We moved to profitability last year. It's going to obviously be stronger this year. But I'd say from a macro standpoint, I mean, look at where we are in the exchanges. This is strong and steady growth. We've done the largest active, the largest retiree. You mentioned Starbucks, we don't mention our clients, but we were very privileged. Starbucks has a well-earned reputation for defining excellence in employee value proposition and we help them deliver on that through our exchange. So we're very excited about what that means overall. So, for us, this is just an exceptionally strong platform for us and I would say our pipeline is as strong as it's ever been. So there's no waning, there's no backing up, there's no deferring, it's as strong as it's ever been. Having said that, Dave, I still want to emphasize, and we've been saying this from the beginning, this is not a change in direction. The exchanges are an exceptionally strong solution for a subset of our clients, but it's really part of the overall health platform, which we feel very, very strong about.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. We really are excited about the addition of Stroz Friedberg in addition to some exceptional talent we brought in on the topic of cyber. And let me describe kind of the rationale behind it. First of all, our clients tell us every day cyber is becoming an increasingly important concern for them, important risk for them. And if you think about what insurance has been able to do in the context of that risk, we've roughly placed together, the entire industry about, call it $2 billion, a little over $2 billion in premium and, Adam, that's good, that's terrific but think about the $2 billion in premium in the context of $400 billion in client reported losses. And so for us, we've only tapped the surface and started really delivering on the needs of our clients. And if you ask yourself – and by the way in the context of that, as you described – appreciate you describing it, we have an awesome capability, the best in the industry, leading position, exceptional capability in the context of what insurance does. What we've essentially said is we've got to do more for our clients. We've got to take the capability we've got and build on it, and the way you build on it, is not to bring more insurance expertise in, but bring more cyber expertise in and really help insurers and capital understand how to quantify and deal with cyber risk in a way in which you would actually open up more capital. So instead of $2 million in premium against $400 billion in reported losses. We could do much, much better than that. And Stroz Friedberg is simply the preeminent platform in the world in our view around how to do that. So this is a firm that's publicly reported, has covered and helped remediate, understand, identify and deal with some of the most sophisticated complex cyber challenges in the world today. Imagine combining that capability with what we have from a capital and insurance side. That's going to open up just tremendous opportunities we believe to bring better solutions to our clients in a much more comprehensive way, which is why we're very excited to bring these assets together and I can tell you, we've had incredible client reaction. They see this logic immediately. They see the opportunity to take what is a very distributed risk in cyber because it attacks you from everywhere. They know it requires an integrated solution and this is now the first time they're going to get a chance to put some of those pieces together and this is really a role the risk manager can play to take a broader view across the organization to help their CIOs and CSOs do this in a more effective way. So, for us, this is terrific and for Stroz Friedberg, who are excited to be able to actually take the capability they deliver to clients every day and back that up with capital. So if you think about it, it really is a net-net new creation of opportunity for our clients and in doing so a net new for Aon.
Gregory C. Case: First of all, it's going exceptionally well. Again, the business colleagues have done a terrific job in really building out and driving it, I think we're describing it as (31:22) the work we do on the HR, implementations in the cloud and we are the leader in that, biggest in Workday in the US, biggest in the UK, reinforced by capability we brought into the firm. And then as you described, even a bigger opportunity is what's going on in the finance side. And Aon in particular is leading the pack on that as well, not just in implementation, but we're doing it for us as well. So just like everything else we've done on behalf of our clients is something Aon participates in. So we're very excited about the possibilities for our clients in this category and the pipeline is exceptionally strong.
Gregory C. Case: I would encourage you, as you think about Q3, it was always our weakest quarter. We think about this from an annual standpoint; I think Christa captures it very well. We're on track in 2016, exactly where we had hoped to be.
Gregory C. Case: I would say, Kai, in many respects the uncertainty around Brexit for us as an advisor to clients on risk, retirement and health, has actually increased in terms of helping them understand that, deal with that set of uncertainties and we think that's going to persist for a period of time. So, for us, we're helping clients actually sort through a very complicated situation and that will continue for the foreseeable future.
Gregory C. Case: Same in the London market. I'm really describing the global mindset. What I just described could be doubled or tripled in the London market because that's actually where the intensity is greatest. Clients are thinking for example, if I've got retirement plans that cut across the Continent, how do I deal with those? If I've got health plans that cut across, how do you deal with those? And then on the risk side, how do you manage complexity across markets that are going to change and emerge a bit. So, for us, it's an opportunity to advise clients and advise markets on how to think about this overall. So net-net, when we think about the impact to places like Lloyd's, a very important market in the world, we continue to see them be very strong. We continue to see them work to adapt to what the new world will be, and there is lots of levers they can pull to adapt and do that.
Gregory C. Case: Just to set the framework, Charles, so to think back to commentary we've had on these calls for literally going back almost 10 years. Everything we do is built off a foundation that Christa has set up and applied across the firm around return on invested capital. And what are the ways we can actually apply capital in a way to serve our clients most effectively. And you've seen us do that over the years. And if you step back over the last 10 years, we've deployed probably, call it, $15 billion in capital of which, call it, roughly half, a little more than that, buyback, roughly half is on some acquisitions. So net-net, this is obviously a very positive story and will continue to be a very positive story for us. Within that context you'll see us continuously try to look for ways to optimize return on invested capital on behalf of clients, strengthen the firm, double down in areas that we can grow and build capability in the areas of risk, retirement, health, talent, et cetera, communications. So you see us doing that. That will drive everything we do, it's also why in that context you hear Christa describe and I describe, the team describe, buyback sets the benchmark for that. And then against that, we make acquisitions that are accretive against that benchmark. And that really has been the formulation and foundation of exactly everything we've done and we'll continue do that. And we're less worried about kind of, a quarter plus or minus or a year plus or minus, we're worried about and focused on, in fact, maniacally focused on how we build this for Aon over time.
Gregory C. Case: But for the year overall, when you think about FX and the impact on our business, as we think about FX overall – again, we reflect back in terms of less about the quarter and less about the nine months – I think, it's got a marginal impact on margins overall for the year in terms of where we are across the board. We use that number.
Gregory C. Case: We don't see it that way, Charles, as you might expect. In fact, in many respects, what we've done is invest very, very heavily to increase operating leverage in the business, make the acquisitions Christa described to strengthen our position. It frankly gives us the ability to create net new demand on behalf of clients and substantially increase growth trajectory. You've actually seen it, if you think about our performance in the third quarter. What this is a reflection of is certainly not the insurance environment. It's really a reflection of our ability to create net new demand and help clients succeed. So if you think about it, our view is – think about some the three or four areas that we look to, to grow, obviously, there is all the traditional areas around property, casualty, D&O. And we've made this multi-year investment to increase operating leverage in something called Aon Client Promise. This is not just talk. This is very real mechanics on how we interact and support clients every day. That's what's resulted in record new retention. That's resulted in record new business. So I emphasize record new business. And yet we're still relatively small when you think about the opportunity to build market share globally. So we've got a capability to build market share and compete globally in a way that we think is actually quite extraordinary, and that's called a tradition. In addition to that, we have capabilities into areas outside the core that we're investing heavily in. Call it, a couple of examples, in Affinity and Health and Benefits, these are two areas reported up through our Risk business that are $1 billion-plus businesses growing well above mid-single-digit with opportunities for margin expansion. So this is now a second full category completely outside anything that we've just described. And then, finally, very exciting for us is we've made substantial investments in data and analytics. We believe more than anyone else and you see that coming out – a manifestation of real things about clients, I mean, Aon Client Treaty is simply the single biggest transaction in the history Lloyd's. We've got thousands of clients now taking advantage of that. It's incredibly impactful for them. Aon Inpoint, 45 plus carriers onboard work with that. Aon Review, what we did in U.S. mortgage, we literally are creating a $10 billion business out of – just net new. So in many respects, Charles, we would describe what we have come to as a set of opportunities to accelerate our ability to grow in the current environment, irrespective of what happens over in the insurance environment. So, for us, we're excited about the progress and we have real confidence that 2017, 2018 will bring more opportunity. And the final thing I would say about it is this idea of operating leverage. We're not just putting on net new revenue. This is revenue that we believe has operational leverage, different than the revenue we put on three years or four years ago. And how we've actually brought it on board, which means we've got margin opportunities which are substantial.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Dave, there's nothing particularly unusual this year. I would note last year we had an extraordinary legal legacy litigation settlement of about $140 million. But we feel really good about the free cash flow growth for the full year 2016. We're on track for double-digit growth in free cash flow this year. And we're well on track to the $2.4 billion in free cash flow in 2017. So we feel really good about the growth in cash flow. And we feel equally good about the way in which we're deploying that cash on a really disciplined return on capital basis. And so, we continue to see share repurchase as the highest return on capital opportunity across Aon, it really sets the bar, but we're equally – we've actually done over $0.5 billion of M&A year-to-date and we feel really good about the opportunities, like cyber, like elective benefits, which are huge growth opportunities for us. And so, we're very excited about the deployment of the cash, as much as we are about the growth in free cash flow itself.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. I think that was simply it, Dave, there was $7 million of IT contracts that were legacy and that was really it. And then, look, FX was a slight negative too, but I mean, I think we were largely in line. And it was really just that IT item.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes. So, Sarah, we absolutely said that. And we do believe that Q4 will be – it is always our seasonally strongest quarter, and it will remain so. So we absolutely expect that revenue – and there was a small movement of clients from Q3 to Q4, really lining up buying patterns, Sarah, with the annual calendar year. And so we expect that trend to continue. What I think you saw in the third quarter was continued strong retention and continued strong new business. And so we feel really good about Q3 and we feel exceptionally good about Q4.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. So as I said, we've got extremely strong free cash flow for the full year, Sarah, double-digit free cash flow on track for the $2.4 billion next year. As we think about deployment of that cash, share repurchase is the highest return on capital item. And so we continue to deploy cash on a return on capital basis. And for us to invest in M&A, the return on capital of that M&A has to be better than buyback. And we've seen some opportunities this year, which are in extraordinarily attractive areas, such as cyber and elective benefits. And we fully expect to continue buyback in Q4.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Sarah, we don't – we're not revealing the purchase price on Stroz and we don't give guidance on share repurchase.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Sure. So, Quentin, I think, on the first question on working capital, what we would say is, we really think about it as days sales outstanding, so the days it takes to collect cash from clients and days payables, which is the days that it takes – we collect cash or we pay suppliers. And right now we are – we run negative working capital and we believe for a professional services firm that being working capital neutral is the right goal. And in fact, in some of our leading countries we're actually working capital positive. So we certainly see it's more than achievable. And so, to get from where we are today to working capital neutral is a little over $500 million in free cash flow. So we feel really good about the ability to collect a further $500 million of working capital. It will take multiple years. It will take eight years to 10 years to get there because it's not some Big Bang effort. It's continued improvements in process, it's continued improvements in contract terms, a number of our contract terms are annual or multi-year agreements and so it will absolutely take a long period of time to get there. So I don't want to overplay the amount you're going to get in any one year. So that's on the working capital. And then the other thing I think I would note is, as you look at our working capital you can see the improvements in receivables. If you divide receivables by revenue, trailing 12 months, from Q3 last 12 months, you can see we actually improved DSO on an externally reported basis by two days. And so we continue to make progress. And I'll tell you that on BPO, we improved by four days. You can't see that externally, but we are continuing to make improvements on both fronts. And then in terms of the opportunity on the tax side, what I would say is we really feel good about the sustainability of our 19% effective tax rate. We do run a global capital pool. We do see statutory rates around the world declining, particularly in the U.K. And we have a growing business in emerging markets, which happen to have lower tax rates. And so we feel really good, therefore, about the sustainability of the 19% and, therefore, opportunity to have improvements in cash taxes, as cash taxes catch up to the lower effective tax rate.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Sure. So it's about a $500 million business today, and we feel really good about the progress in cloud. If you rewound five years, we had 30-plus clients who had on-premises BPO. And today it's in the mid-teens with every one of those clients moving from on premises to cloud with us. And so it is a fantastic value proposition for clients to do this. On average, clients are saving 30% of costs in moving to the cloud. And they get a much more effective solution, and so we do see the majority of our clients moving that way. And we expect that to continue. In terms of the margin profile of the business, today, it is a low-single-digit margin business. And it's moving to a mid-teens margin business over time. And so we do see that opportunity, primarily driven by that cloud growth, which is enormous. And as Greg described, I really just described the cloud opportunity in HR. And there is a cloud opportunity, which we're increasingly seeing as very happy HR customers actually want to move to cloud financials as well, to actually bring together and get the same value proposition they got in HR in financials.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah, we haven't given that number. What I can say is that we will report about $6 million of deal cost related to that cyber acquisition in Q4.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. So, I would say, Q3 was exactly in line with our expectations. We did guide essentially to flat and if you look at year-to-date, we've got margin expansion and we're heading into our strongest quarter of the year, Q4, which we feel really good about, therefore, we're on track for substantial margin expansion in the full year.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: And the other thing I'd say, Charles, is the disposition costs do go away in Q1, 2017 because you've then lapped the significant dispositions. Obviously, you've got lost operating income, you've got stranded costs like half floor of real estate or half a server leftover. And I think just to dimensionalize the impact of disposition year-to-date, we've lost $141 million of revenue, we've lost $10 million of PTI (42:16), so that gives you a sense of year-to-date impact. But we will lap that in Q1 next year. And then, obviously, as Greg described, we are actually acquiring great talent and capability on the M&A side. And you'll see that continue to grow.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes, so, on the IT cost, this was related to a legacy IT contact. It was a one-time expense and it will not be repeated. And then the other $7 million item is really related to dispositions and it's really the stranded costs that remain in that business. As I described, half a floor or half sever and we're continuing to reduce those costs over time.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yes, I mean, I guess I would say absolutely, Josh, because as we think about return on capital for the firm, are we going to make investments that we think drive higher return longer-term, you bet, we are. I mean, you saw that in M&A, in the cyber example Greg described. You see it organically in the kinds of things we're investing in in Health and Benefits and Affinity. And so you will continue to see that occur where we see the return on capital being substantially attractive for Aon.
Christa Davies - Aon Plc: Yeah. I wouldn't over rotate on the 80 basis points. I would say, most of the countries in which we operate we have local revenue and local expense and you're translating back to U.S. dollars. And the U.S. dollar has been strong. And so I think what you saw in Q3 was an unusual situation with the pound. And so I just – I would not over rotate on the 80 basis point number.
