Christa Davies: Thanks so much Greg and good morning everyone. As I talk about our results, I'll also provide some thoughts on how the macroeconomic environment impacts our outlook and the steps we're taking to proactively and conservatively manage our business and our balance sheet to ensure we retain stability and flexibility and position our firm to continue to deliver shareholder value over the long term. Our business has strong fundamentals. Our revenue base is diversified across industry, geography and solution line. Roughly 80% is non-discretionary and has a significant portion that renews every year with 95% retention rates on average. However, given uncertainty around duration and magnitude of COVID-19 and the resulting economic downturn and its impact to our clients and our firm, the near-term we're withdrawing our financial guidance of mid single digital aggression organic revenue growth and double-digit free cash flow growth. We are also taking prudent steps to preemptively reduce expenses and discretionary uses of cash in order to maintain the strength of our balance sheet and optimized financial flexibility in the event of any future declines in revenue. We are taking these actions from division of strength and know they will position us to continue to protect our colleagues, execute our Aon United strategy and focus on our key financial metrics in the short and long term. In Q1, we delivered strong operational and financial performance to start the year. We achieved 5% organic revenue growth that translated into solid operational improvement for becoming an unfavorable near-term impact from foreign currency translation. As I reflect on each of our key financial metrics, first we delivered organic revenue growth of 5%. We strengthen reinsurance solutions and health solutions offset by some early disruption from the impacts of COVID-19 and our retirement and data analytics businesses. I would also note the reported revenue was pressured by FX and the ongoing impact of divestitures from efforts we've described in prior quarters to reshape our portfolio to high growth and higher margin areas. Second, we delivered solid operational improvement with operating income growth of 8%, operating margin expansion of 200 basis points and 11% earnings per share growth driven by a strong organic revenue growth and ongoing productivity improvement and expense discipline from Aon Business Services. As we noted in our earnings material FX with an unfavorable impact for approximately $0.03 in the quarter. At today's rates we would expect $0.03 per share unfavorable impact in Q2, $0.04 per share unfavorable impact in Q3 and $0.06 per share unfavorable impact in Q4. Third, free cash flow was $279 million in the quarter and I would note Q1 is our seasonally smallest quarter for cash flow due primarily to incentive compensation payments. The $279 million this year is an increase from last year's $17 million which was negatively impacted by approximately $85 million of net cash payments related to legacy litigation. The increase in free cash flow was driven by operating income growth as well as near-term actions we've taken to delay certain expenses. We did see an increase in receivables primarily driven by the strong 9% organic revenue growth in reinsurance solutions. As I looked towards the rest of the year, we have confidence in the underlying resilience of our business and while much of our business is non-discretionary it is impacted by long term macroeconomic factors like GDP growth, employment and property values amongst other things. While we are not providing revenue guidance I wanted to provide a bit more insight into our business that may be helpful in understanding how we may be impacted in various economic scenarios. We have a very stable revenue base with 80% of our revenues in core highly recurring businesses with retention rates of 95% on average.
Christa Davies: Yes. So Elyse, we're not giving guidance on revenue and margins as you described because of the uncertainty of the macroeconomic environment but we are managing them very closely over the course of the year and we would expect that if there are any reductions in revenue that we would reduce expenses proportionally to match and very much focused on managing free cash flow to the firm to preserve flexibility and stability over the long term. I would note if you think about the macro-environment Elyse in 2008/2009 when GDP was essentially flat our worst year of organic revenue growth was minus 1%. So we do have a very stable business in global economic recession.
Christa Davies: So Elyse we haven't given guidance on margins nor giving direct on revenue but we do manage margins over the course of the year and we would expect that we will reduce expenses proportionally with revenue impacts for the full year and I will tell you Elyse what we've done is, we've acted early from a position of strength and we are taking actions on what we can control and we're not predicting the future. We are hoping for the best but we are planning for every economic outcome and so we have taken actions as Greg and I talked about in our opening remarks to reduce expenses ahead of any economic impact we see to ensure we come out stronger and we want to make sure that we are able to deliver for clients in a time of greater need for them.
Christa Davies: It certainly is Elyse. We would say, we announced our acquisition, though we announced that combination with Willis Towers Watson on March 9th and we are even more excited about it today than we were then. As we continue to engage with Willis Towers Watson we find that the DNA and strategies of the firm are remarkably similar and we are incredibly excited about the opportunity for clients and the up side to meet unmet client needs and we do believe that the combination has complementary capabilities to be able to deliver to clients and so we certainly see that the upside and revenue over time is very much in line with the commitment to mid-single digit or greater over the long term.
Christa Davies: That's framing the current expectations Meyer. We would say is 80% of our business is core and core tends to be highly recurring, non-discretionary things like property and casualty, DNO, cyber treaty, actual work on pension plans, etc. but 20% of our business is more discretionary and more discretionary much of this recurs and renews each year and so we do have a very stable and resilient business. Less than 1% of our revenue comes from any single client and we operate in 100 countries, different industries, different segments of the economy. So we feel very good about the resilience of our business.
Christa Davies: Suneet, we haven't given guidance to the size of this. We would say that so far the expense reductions we've taken a modest and we're not giving guidance on revenue or margins but we would say that as if revenue were to come down that we would reduce expenses proportionally and we're also very focused as I mentioned earlier on cash and making sure that we maintain a very strong cash position. It's always been the way we run the firm. We have unique insight and visibility into our cash flow byline of the cash flow statement, by solution line and one of the things I would say is we've taken a number of actions on the non-salary side and we did that first. We reduced a number of expenses things like T&E, things like third party spend much earlier in Q1 and so we are taking action for a position of strength in advance of impacts we observe.
Christa Davies: We would expect is as I talked about the components of a business, we would expect our commercial risk, our reinsurance and our health businesses to have a much higher percentage of call than the rest of our business because the businesses are highly recurring non-discretionary and as Eric said they're regulated and required and offered a necessary cost of doing business even firms in financial distress.
Christa Davies: And Greg, I would just add, I think as we look forward Jimmy we're very excited about the combination. You could hear the excitement in terms of even more excited today than we were we announced it on March 9th and going forward we expect sort of two big milestones; the first is we're going to follow up for preliminary proxy in the coming weeks and the second is in Q3 we will file a defender proxy and have both shareholder votes. So we're very much looking forward to those milestones and looking for the combined capabilities to be able to serve client needs better than we do today.
Christa Davies: Absolutely. So as we think about our business it is globally diversified. It's diversified across clients, across industries, across geographies. We do operate in over 100 countries and no one client actually makes up even 1% of revenues and so we're very fortunate to have a very resilient business. As we look at our business in that 80% of the core, it's highly recurring, non-discretionary activity where many of these services are regulated required on necessary cost of doing business even for clients of financial distress, even for clients who are potentially entering bankruptcy, many of these services are still required, and so we have real opportunity to actually provide liquidity and capital solutions for clients in financial distress. And as we think about even client size, Dave we are very well diversified there too and so we feel good about the core part of our business being extraordinarily resilient. The 20% of our business is more discretionary. The discretionary revenues include things like project work, in risk consulting, transaction liability, human capital consulting, up travel and events business and so much of this actually recurs and renews each year, it just may have the opportunity to be deferred slightly which is what we did see in Q1 in our retirement and data analytics businesses.
Christa Davies: Look it's a great question Dave and what we would say is we're not giving guidance on revenue or margins and it's obviously very uncertain both in terms of the macro impact and the duration as you described. What we have done is we have acted on position of strength and we've taken definitive steps in Q1 to reduce non-people expenses, third-party expenses, T&E, etc. and our investment in the Aon Business Services platform really enable us to do that far more effectively and far more quickly with third-party providers and we continue to do this early and ensure that we're taking those steps proactively to ensure that we can handle whatever comes in this uncertain environment and until we come out of this stronger, delivering for clients in a time they need us most and I'd finished by saying if there are potential revenue impacts in the air we've also seen somewhat early on in Q1 in our discretionary revenue then we will reduce expenses proportionally.
Christa Davies: Yes. Look it's a really good question Paul. And one of the things we've spent a lot of time on is, not just on the revenue on margin slide but actually on the cash side too and comparing where we are today in terms of our portfolio versus the 2008/2009 financial crisis. The thing we would say is our business is far stronger today both in terms of the overall portfolio and the recurring and non-discretionary nature of it versus the financial crisis and the Aon Business Services platform which has allowed us to reduce non-people expenses very quickly, for example 82% of our third-party spend is all managed centrally and so we were able to through our online procurement platform actually just turn off that spend and deferred payments immediately in Q1. And so we feel very good about our overall business portfolio from a revenue and sort of margin point of view but equally from a free cash flow point of view because we've been managing the company on free cash flow for well over 10 years including through the financial crisis which allows us to compare cash flow over the last couple of years by day, by line of the cash flow statement, by business and also to see how the impacts are better or worse versus the financial crisis. So we feel very good about our insight and the strength of our business to manage through. It's extremely resilient.
Christa Davies: So we actually haven't seen that yet full but if they were to allow because I think what we've seen in certain areas is in the consumer lines also or things like that but we haven't seen it in our business so far.
Christa Davies: So we would still recognize revenue pool because we'd be placing the business. It would then be a collection of cash issue.
Christa Davies: I mean the place I'd start with is 80% of our business is core and our core revenue is highly recurring, non-discretionary and many of your services are regulated required and necessary cost of doing business even for businesses and financial distress or potentially going into bankruptcy. And so it is an incredibly stable and resilient business. It's globally diversified. It's diversified by industry, client, segments, etc. And then we'd say for the 20% of business is more discretionary much of this recurs and renews every year and so we do see that being actually quite strong too. There is some project work in there which could be deferred as Eric described. As we think about impacts from GDP there are obviously as I mentioned impacts from GDP or employment levels or asset values and we may see exposure to go down but we do often see clients buy more in these circumstances given the increased risk that the current crisis is highlighting to them.
Christa Davies: And look, I would say Phil, as we think about we are obviously not going to give any revenue or margin guidance but this along with other expense control measures we will, if we do see revenue declines during the year we will decrease expenses proportional with revenue as we manage through this uncertainty and so we're very focused on the incredibly stable revenue base we have as we've described and the resilient business we have to navigate through this helped serve our clients and come out of it stronger.
Greg Case: And Elyse I might add. If you think about sort of just put in the perspective it's very important question. It’s to the Christa's reference -- the history and the facts are very helpful to set the baseline. So 2008-2009 just discussed to describe what's different from 2008-2009 and today but we'd say two things are different. One, obviously Aon is much stronger and United strategies 10 years more mature and United blueprint, the plan we have and how we deliver the global firms for clients in place and business services is a real game-changer for us. We didn't have in 2008-2009, driving business improvement, executing at scales. So all these things are in place. We've also had a very substantial spend on data as you're well aware since then $400 million a year so call it $3.5 billion to $4 billion and we're seeing opportunities around that new and new business generation and retention at all-time highs. So that's different. We're stronger firm. What's also different though objectively comparing it to then the current economic trauma is likely much worse but we don't know, right now no one knows. Q2 is obviously a problem. In the U.S. greater than 30% reduction in GDP. $26 million unemployment claims for last five months, that suggest unemployment's greater than 20%, EMEA has obviously got a tremendous amount 50 million employees worst potentially affected Asia same place. Until the duration it is not known. In normal course really is a sort of how fast the recovery going to happen and by geography also going to play out and as Christa described in her script in particular as we want to be in a position to perform in every scenario and that’s what we believe we're set up to do.
Greg Case: I think Elyse as you think about the potential and John Haley I talked about that really from day one, the entire thesis behind the combination of Aon and Willies Towers Watson centers on bringing the two firms together do really set a new standard in client leadership and impact in the combination as we described is better now with complementary capability as Christa mentioned within solution lines and geographies and segments tremendous opportunity. But not just better now we think better in the future back to your point on mid-single digit or greater, better in the future with analytics capability, better understanding of working client need, our ability to create new market solutions, etc. all these things come together and really doing something for clients which up to now, no one's been able to really do and address sort of major risk challenges like pandemic, climate change, cyber, health, wealth. Ironically this current trauma has just reinforced in so many ways, the value of the combination and I would agree we would say March 9th we had high expectations having spent more time with John Haley and the team, our high expectations are exceeded and we're really looking forward to the next steps.
Greg Case: Well, I would say Meyer from our standpoint, first take a step back that now we're really focusing on creating value for our clients and taking care of colleagues and really to emerge as a stronger firm. I will tell you, we reflect we're humbly proud of the principles based approach we've taken and the commitments we made and it really come true as we described before. A lot has happened in the world and while everyone's hoping for a bounce-back, the ultra result will be by the way the bounce back to a major recession, I guess is what everyone is anticipating but no one really knows what it's going to look like and how long it's going to look and we step back and listen we've got to be in a position in any scenario to perform on behalf of clients -- on behalf of colleagues. And for us, first I would just ask you to consider the foundation upon which we made close and important metric for a better part of a decade. That coupled with Aon Business Services, really is a very unique perspective on where we stand at any time and this is really all aspects of performance cash all aspects and ability to execute decisions across the board. And by all measures, I mean look at the quarter, look at the results, we currently stand in an exceptionally strong position. We know that and we know that very well. We also know what all the scenarios look like, all the economic scenarios irrespective of how remote and for us it's an absolute priority to have our entire firm in place to support clients and a potentially historic and sustained downturn and if you take this priority seriously it requires you to take difficult steps now as Christa highlighted to protect 50,000 colleagues. And so, the alternative by the way is to hope and hope that the current downturn really comes back to 2008-2009 revisited that alternative by the way puts client leadership fully at risk at the very time clients might need it the most and there's no doubt in every respect that's the easier path to take you can sort of shade over a lot of things along the way and we have essentially said, listen we desperately hope that's the outcome but if it's not we want to be in an absolute unique and pristine place to help our client succeed and protect our colleagues. And what I would highlight is we're going to, we fully anticipate coming out a much stronger firm and this really comes back to our investment over the last decade in Aon United. I'll tell you something for our team, we often talk about Aon United and the capability in positive times but it turns out Aon United it is equally meaningful in times of challenge and this decade of investment in Aon United means we can take a global set of actions that we know will be difficult maybe for others to do but for us a global set of actions that really puts us in a position to support clients in every scenario. So our colleagues around the world have done very-very unique things and very-very strong things and we're excited right now about our ability to help clients in times of need, irrespective of what that comes out. So from our standpoint we're going to be a stronger firm coming out of it and we're taking steps, so that we can take, that we know it’s important or the right answer for us to make that happen.
Greg Case: One other thing just to highlight Suneet in context of this is as we talk to client similar to the long discussion with the clients and month leading up to our decision on sort of what we've done across the board on the different aspects and when we explain the principles based approach our clients, not surprising are incredibly grateful. They understand what happened. They understand our inability to serve them if you take different courses when things get difficult and candidly some of our global clients have asked for the playbook. They don’t [indiscernible] said how do you do this around the world in different geographies and make it work and we've described to them what Aon United is all about, how it's played out over a decade, how we built out foundation over time and then seeing us come together support each other in an ability to support them in time to need whatever those times are has been also frankly inspiring for our colleagues to sort of get the reaction as clients recognize what we're doing on their behalf.
Greg Case: Yes. Looking to my standpoint now we feel very strong momentum in commercial risk across the board as we highlight again in the first quarter. We were touching on some of the impacts come in at the end of the quarter in terms of sort of overall where we are but net we feel tremendous momentum sort of across each of our solution lines particularly as we're connecting with clients. And there are a number of things that are happening sort of in those solution lines as they currently exist as well as our ability to candidly generate net new business I described before. Net new business for us all-time high, retention all-time high, roll over all-time high and there's just in the business it's also the net new things we're doing. Maybe Eric, can you talk a little bit about some of the bright spots that we're seeing across the playing field here as well as some of the new initiatives that we are put in place.
Greg Case: You look at the 80% that Christa described incredibly strong core, the 20% we are working through but these net new areas are very strong, very powerful in terms of how that plays out over time to build a momentum of the business.
Greg Case: And Jimmy, to be from my standpoint, listen we've been engaging with our shareholders and John Haley and team with their shoulders on the [indiscernible] what’s inside our feedback has been exceptionally positive. Again when our shareholders really started to understand and Willis starts to understand what this combination can do it's extraordinary and there is just no other way to describe it and it's extraordinary on behalf of clients. It's extraordinary in the now as I described for a bit the solution line complimentary pieces very-very positive, geographically very-very positive, in terms of what we're trying to do the segments are very positive. Obviously the future equally strong or stronger with analytic capability that lets us do things around understanding client need and creating that new markets that are extraordinary. So I think our investors see that potential are incredibly excited about it and Willis Towers Watson see the same incredibly excited about it, obviously the structure of the deal means the share price movements down are really less relevant in terms of where we are at all and so that's opportunity is extraordinary. Then obviously not to mention, we highlighted in 100 million in synergies and that isn't changing in any way shape or form. So from our standpoint, this is really about the upside in the revenue potential and new solutions for client and we're incredibly excited about it, continue to be and as I said before ironically if there's one thing about this current crisis, it's pandemic, it really highlights the need for higher octane, higher capability, higher insight and you want that, you go to Aon Willis Towers Watson that's really what we're talking about. So that's really been one of the observations our shareholders have made and so it's a Willis Towers Watson as we engage with them.
Greg Case: And also Dave, this is not a static position, remember as Christa and Eric just described, we keep evolving. So the new offerings Eric described before the new solutions, client need change. So we reinforce the 80 and then we actually change and build the 20. So it isn't just a zero-sum game and the work we do is in the investments we can make on behalf of clients and now we're going to be able to make in any scenario on the behalf of clients is a very unique position. It's also why in the end you end up seeing particularly in times of stress of like the quality, where the clients just literally come to places that they know they can get great results and great service and great capability and we're very fortunate and we're seeing a lot of that too. So there are lots of things that put us in a unique position we think to actually perform exceptionally well in the current environment or frankly any other environment one can imagine.
Greg Case: Yes. I actually, I mean just like start with we don't make it a practice actually to comment on competitors or others. So we really shouldn't comment on them in any way shape or form. But what I would highlight is Aon and that really is that it's a place we know well, that's where we focus on every day and we would say it just step back and think about the steps we've taken to position our firm to be able to serve clients in any circumstance and protect our 50,000 colleagues, the investment in Aon United for the last decade has put us in a position where we can sit together and look across our global firm with our teams in place in every way shape or form. They come up with a point of view that they know it's right on behalf of clients and they know we can execute it now, not just because it's the right thing to do because that's just this one step but because we've come together. We actually are supporting each other in ways we haven't before and Aon Business Services allows us to execute it. So when you think about the overall package, we step back, looked at the scenarios that the economy as it’s evolving and said listen under every scenario one can imagine, particularly given the uncertainty how do we make sure we're ready and the ready is by the way the expense pieces that Christa talked about that are non [indiscernible] related and this is Aon Business Services at its best. I mean we're doing things instantly that used to take us -- you had to build consensus over time. Our teams got extraordinary capability there. We obviously did things around the buyback and M&A that are much more straightforward but what we do on Aon business services is very unique and it really supports what we do on efficiency and productivity, but it really as the team, as how they come together in every way shape or form in terms of sort of where we are and what we're up to and that's really what's been different and that's what's unique about Aon United.
Greg Case: No Phil, back to the prior question around sort of 10 years ago, would we be able to do this without Aon United and what we are. The answer is no we're executing very, very quickly on an overall game plan to support our firm in a way under 50,000 colleagues. So we can support our clients and every single scenario one can imagine. So no actually what we've done essentially is put all these in place and we're seeing an astray kind of voluntary where [indiscernible] volunteer it's been actually done exceptionally well by country around the world with our leaders in EMEA and doing amazing work in Asia and Latin America, amazing work coming together in our U.S. and Canadian, it's just exceptional sort of frankly towards of course on leadership around the world. And so we've tailored to local markets but now the timing is immediate, are relatively immediate in terms of sort of days, weeks, not months in terms of sort of where we are. So happening very, very quickly and it's something we can do now that we couldn't have done 10 years ago, impossible. And we couldn't have executed it and actually taken some of the things Eric described and actually scale them around the globe, impossible. Today with Aon United, we not only, can do, we can do it actually in a way that actually strengthens the firm and builds the firm. We can do it in a way that protects our colleagues and our clients and we can do it in a way that candidly gives us a position to actually strengthen our firm coming out of the crisis, which is why this investment in Aon United as I said earlier has really been wonderful in positive. We're in good environments turns out this environment is really shows us that it's incredibly powerful in the more challenging environments as well and it really is accredit to our colleagues around the world. They've just been extraordinary.
Greg Case: I just want to say again truly appreciate everybody participating on the call today and to our Aon colleagues around the world excited to be with you and so that we push through this environment and emerge much stronger on the other side. Talk to you soon. Thanks very much.
Eric Andersen: Hey Greg, just to jump in a little bit on one of the examples, we talked about the COVID-19 taskforce in your early opening but I think it's important to recognize, this is the fourth time we've activated that group, going back to 2009 whether it was H1N1, SARS, Ebola. So this group is a group that consists of experts across the firm from everything from epidemiology to credit risk to capital solutions and liquidity; all different capabilities around the world and essentially what they're trying to do is innovate on behalf of clients, whether it's trying, whether they're working on, how they're dealing with their employees, how they are thinking about return to work, how they're working on capital solutions and liquidity for the firm it really is across the entire firm learning from areas of the world that were affected early being able to share best practices and so there is an advisory part of it for sure but more importantly, I think we're trying to help them think through on an innovative new way that you actually can't do until you pull all the capabilities together with one guiding principle of trying to help the clients get through this and so while the salary piece is one part there was a lot of innovation that we're pushing and working on to be able to help those clients get through the challenge.
Eric Andersen: Yes. It really has been [indiscernible] for us. Again I would sort of come back incredibly strong positive reinforcement on Aon United and what we're all about. Again imagine when we essentially step back and ask our colleagues around the globe and our leadership team, how do we actually prepare on behalf of clients and we looked at all the scenarios and again as I highlighted the alternative right now for us is to hope that the current downturn ends up being a recession which by the way we hope too. We hopefully celebrate that not that's the case but we all realized at the time, the difficult choice is how do you protect 50,000 colleagues to serve clients in the most effective way and you recognize that if you wait and the downturn becomes more acute how do you actually have them there, how do you support the colleagues to do that and we collectively made a decision that we are going to take the steps we took because we know again in addition to protecting 50,000 jobs, our ability to continue supporting clients is extraordinary and so that was the piece. It was obviously, when we talked about it on Monday I would say since Monday what's happened around the world has really been our colleagues have embraced it and understood exactly what we're trying to do and as I said before we're coming through this a stronger firm and if we're wrong Sunnet, if we're wrong by the way, I hope we're wrong we hope it ends up being a recession in the end our colleagues know we took steps that perhaps, it would be hard for other people to take to support clients and that if we're wrong we basically remediate all the actions we take and mitigate our actions, no problem whatsoever and they've done something no one else could do. And the fact that we could act across the firm in Aon United fashion is pretty unique and it actually has been incredibly invigorating as our colleagues have actually put this in place. Among other things as we have reduced expenses and done a number of other things Christa described that package puts our firm in a unique position to perform in ways really no one else could do under any scenario.
Eric Andersen: Sure Greg. There's a couple in particular certainly in the DNO area the work we're doing around distressed companies in particular has really created some opportunity for us and also trying to create liquidity using surety bonds, to place letters of credit in other areas along the lines I would say balance sheet protection and providing financial liquidity are just things that honestly today the clients are very interested in dealing with but also I would say just our traditional business and how we're providing advice and how helping clients do structuring and understanding the different areas where perhaps they can take more risk themselves or perhaps combined programs things along those lines. But we're pretty optimistic with the business as it came through the first quarter.
Eric Andersen: So Christa, maybe just to come up on a point of that just to drive it a little bit in that like on the transaction liability it is tied to deals being closed on construction projects for bonds. It's tied to putting a shovel in the ground. So those events will eventually happen. They're just essentially been deferred until those deals come back in.
Eric Andersen: I think we saw that a lot in reinsurance. Certainly with the pandemic models, the ability to access capital globally and so I think you saw some of that in particular in reinsurance this quarter.
Eric Andersen: And remember Paul as Christa described before on these calls, as we thought about capital allocation by the way pre-crisis, at crisis, post-crisis back in 2008-2009 it really hasn't been an allocation of capital based on return of investment capital, cash on cash return, which means the businesses we brought in since the crisis by definition if you're going to meet that our higher margin, higher growth, our higher free cash flow businesses in terms of sort of what we're up to and we've also been a fair period of time done things as we thought about return of investment of capital that really has changed our ability to kind of creating a cash margin, cash flow margin against revenue overall in terms what we're trying to do. Working capital improved overtime. So the translation of cash from a dollar of revenue has also improved. So we've changed the business mix and strengthened our ability to generate cash over that period of time. So all those things contribute to a stronger Aon now than we were in 2008/2009.
Eric Andersen: Hey Greg, I think there's also another component that's worth mentioning in that, a lot of what we've done about ABS is really about leveraging our capability and getting it out globally and so we're able to deliver for clients today using our technology, being able to connect with markets, being able to connect with clients actually pulling global capability to a client virtually, in a way that actually allows them to move forward with their business, to understand the risks they've had. Certainly the things we've talked about in the past we're continuing to work on whether it's the mortgage business, whether it's building an intellectual property market, whether it's working on transaction liability type NGAs we're continuing to move forward in terms of product creation using the technology investments we've made historically trying to get in front of what we perceive as client need that's there today but also what we think is coming as people return to the workplace. So it's not just the expense side. It's actually the front end value creation that we are leveraging using the investments that we've made in technology and business services.
