Christa Davies: We haven't given specific guidance on operating income growth for 2015. What we can say, Adam, is we believe we will deliver mid-single digit revenue growth, operating income growth and margin expansion for the full year, and you've seen us do that in both 2013 and 2014 in HR Solutions and we're well on track to deliver that for 2015.
Christa Davies: Sure. So Dave, I'll start on HR Solutions. Our HR Solutions business, the seasonality of that business is always second half weighted and will remain that way for the foreseeable future for us, in both the consulting and the outsourcing businesses. So, in the consulting business, you did see a change in patterning last year, particularly around compensation consulting. And so, you'll see that happen predominantly in the second half of the year. And then obviously, on the outsourcing side, our healthcare exchange business is a much more Q4-weighted activity. And so the patterning you saw in 2014 and 2013 will repeat in 2015, meaning the revenue growth is much more second half weighted. So, that definitely is why we feel very good about the growth in the second half of the year, and we can see that in our pipeline today. On the Risk side, I would say similarly, we feel really good about the Risk growth. And we're on track for low- to mid-single digits in Risk Solutions overall. And as Greg said, Risk growth in the first half of 2015 was better than Risk growth in the first half of 2014. And so, we're well on track to deliver great growth across Risk Solutions.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Certainly. And so we feel really confident about our ability to deliver on the $2.3 billion-plus of free cash flow in calendar year 2017. And there are really four big drivers of that: continued organic growth and margin expansion of the business; declining cash contributions to pension; restructuring and tax; and then improvements in working capital. And we feel really good about the improvements we're making in the first half of 2015 with 2% growth in free cash flow. And we're on track to do double-digit free cash flow growth in 2015 including the litigation settlements, and we'll have extremely strong cash flow growth in 2016 and 2017. So we feel really good about the path there.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, full year 2015 share repurchase should be lower than 2014 because if you recall, Sarah, there were two unusual sort of sources of cash, which contributed to higher than normal share repurchase than 2014. The first was we had $300 million of excess cash on the balance sheet at year-end 2013, which we used in share repurchase in the first quarter of 2014. And the second was we increased leverage during the year by $1.1 billion. And so, share repurchase for the full year 2015 will be lower, but as I described earlier, I think our cash flow is seasonally higher in the second half of any calendar year, and therefore we expect stronger share repurchase in the second half of the year.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Great question, Elyse. I think we had originally guided to down in operating income in the first half of the year and up in the second half of the year, so strong operating income growth for the full year 2015. And I think the first half of the year was slightly better than our expectations. And I think we are still on track for exactly what we guided for the full year, so I wouldn't change our full-year guidance at all. I think it was just slightly better and I wouldn't point to any significant items. There was a range of smaller things that were slightly better than we expected.
Christa Davies: Great question, Elyse. Ongoing operational rate remains at 19%, subject to discrete tax adjustments. We did have some positive discrete tax adjustments in Q2, which made the rate lower than that 19% guidance, but that is exactly where we remain.
Christa Davies: Not exactly. There's some timing elements of that. So, I think the cash impact, I'd think about over the course of the full year. You've got, obviously, tax affects the expenses that we've got there.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean, the way I'd think about it is, for the full year, just use the after-tax impact of the costs.
Christa Davies: I think it's really just focused on 2017 because we've set a very specific goal of $2.3 billion of free cash flow. So, I think it was just more around reinforcing that, Meyer.
Christa Davies: Yeah. And you saw that, obviously, Kai, during the quarter, we saw great growth in our cloud-based solutions and HR Solutions. As you know, we invested in two of the largest Workday implementation firms in the world – OmniPoint in 2012 in the U.S. and then the largest EMEA implementation firm called Cloud in Q1 this year – and that's enabling us to fast-forward that (41:21) growth. It's really addressing the client need around getting better data on their people and driving analytics to help them manage their – one of their most important assets – their people much more efficiently and much more effectively. And we're seeing clients increasingly choose cloud-based solutions which is driving substantial growth for us.
Christa Davies: Yeah. I mean, one of the efficiencies of that business model is it is much better margin for the clients and it's better margin for us, too.
Christa Davies: So, Michael, I think as we think about getting to the $2.3 billion in free cash flow by 2017, we have four big drivers of getting there. The first is the revenue growth and margin expansion. The second is the decreased use of cash on pension and restructuring. The third is decreased use of cash on taxes and the last is improved working capital. And so, I think it's – there are sort of four big drivers that we've outlined in the presentation that really get us to that $2.3 billion level. And I guess what I would say on margins is that we're going to continue to progress in margin expansion in both segments, as you've seen historically. And so we'll continue to make progress.
Christa Davies: I would say that pension and restructuring, we still have further upside, and you can see that in the slides in the presentation. It was about $230 million, I think, of cash upside between year-end 2014 and year-end 2017 on just pension and restructuring – pension restructuring and CapEx, actually. And so, there's definitely an upside there. I think as we finish 2015, our cash tax sort of effective rate will have matched our effective tax rate. And so you should really say that we've level set on cash taxes at that point, so that's really sort of where we are on cash taxes. And then from there on, the primary drivers of free cash flow growth will be revenue growth and margin expansion and working capital improvements.
Gregory C. Case: Well, Adam, let's start really with the overall topic here, is really around health solutions when you think about what's out there, and we continue to see strong interest across-the-board, whether they're exchange solutions or bundled solutions for that matter. And this is really across all client segments, needs, et cetera. And so from our standpoint, there's been a lot of interest, continues to be a lot of interest in the pipeline around these sets of discussions. And it really gets to your second part of your question around what's driving it. It's really demand. Overall, health continues to deteriorate a bit and per unit cost healthcare continues to go up. And against that, our clients are struggling to try to deliver for their employees in the best way they possibly can, but also try to bend the cost curve a bit. Cadillac tax is out there on the horizon. One doesn't know exactly how it's going to get resolved, but it certainly represents another piece of potential risk and challenge for them. So all these things are a bit of a catalyst to have clients really try to address these issues and try to understand how they can bring best solutions for it. And from our standpoint, we administer health benefits for 10 million covered lives, 1.2 million of which are on the exchange. By the way, that's self-insured and fully insured. And we see a lot of positive activity against that, and expect that'll continue into 2016, 2017 and 2018 as well
Gregory C. Case: I wouldn't add much to that, David. If you think about the quarter, Christa was describing, we essentially – it's another of quarter progress. Our view is we're going to deliver exactly – nothing has happened in the first half of the year that changes our view for the full year, so this is a low- to mid-single-digit range. I would say from an Aon Benfield standpoint, you'll note my comments, I said this is a sector that obviously has been under some pressure given, frankly, our tremendous position in it and the price pressure that's been on it. But we've talked about this segment returning to growth in 2016, and we anticipate it's going to do that, and also see a number of the investments we've made in the business to create operating leverage, in fact, doing exactly that. So, I'd point to the 4% organic in the Americas, and in particular, the U.S. number, around 93% retention for the second consecutive quarter. This is actually tremendous progress and we think that's going to continue. All these things are to just underscore and increase our confidence, and our ability to deliver the growth targets we talked about at the beginning of the year.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. The key message, I think, you started with is foremost here, which is we will continue to invest in the business, improve operating leverage, and increase margins as a result of that. And we're able to do that if – at each incremental level of growth – and you're seeing us actually play that out. We'd highlight, by the way, this is about a year for us. It's not about a single quarter. On a single quarter, 150 basis points is correct, but by the way, we'd back out all the FX pieces against it and say it's closer to 90 basis points for the quarter, but really 50 basis points for the first half. So, our view is we're making good, solid progress on margin improvement. We are going to continue to do that through the course of 2015. And what this quarter did was, it didn't change our expectation, just reinforced our ability to do that on our march toward 26%.
Gregory C. Case: And in respect – if you think about the quarter – the new news for the quarter is this continued positive sort of progress on the cash-generating capability, as Christa's describing. So, overall, top-line revenue, exactly where we thought it would be, same with margin but the cash flow generating engine against all the headwinds you've highlighted, candidly, continues to strengthen, and we see that continuing through 2015 and in 2016 and 2017.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah, we would say overall, Sarah, as I mentioned before, really for us this is about a comprehensive set of health solutions – and those conversations be they fully insured exchanges, self-insured exchanges, traditional self-insured bundles, the intensity of those discussions has remained very, very strong and continue into 2015 and we anticipate into 2016 and 2017. And the pipeline continues to be also quite strong across the board. But again, we're building a long-term platform here and for us it's not – it's even not as much about the selling season as it was before because we're seeing more clients talk about off-cycle adoption and the different solutions. What the clients are looking for is a way, a solution to try to manage against what is an increasing level of costs and a set of promises they made to employees that they really want to keep, and we're trying to help them do that. So the intensity of those conversations and the opportunity, candidly, for us to help them solve and address those issues continues to be very strong.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. Elyse, we're still similar – this is similar to the HR Solutions story. We're exactly in the same place around – an expectation for the year around low- to mid-single digit organic growth on the Risk side. And again, what we said is what this quarter did was just reinforce our confidence in the ability to achieve that. And then I pointed the longer term trends on the Reinsurance side, where we really see this business returning to growth in 2016. But our 2015 expectations remain exactly the same. Again, with the new news of the quarter being just a reinforcement of the cash generating engine of Aon and how it's evolving.
Gregory C. Case: I would say from our stand and point of view, if you think about the overall events, recent events really across the board not just in our space but in the markets as well, again, we see them as reinforcing and in many respects making more relevant the strategy we put in place and we've been pursuing, really, for the last 10 years. If you think about industry consolidation, M&A, the risk markets, the health markets, consolidation and intermediaries, as well as the challenges, frankly, our clients are facing in things like cyber globalization, all these things have puts and takes. No doubt about it. But when you put them together, the overall sum, in our view, they reinforce our strategy to be the preeminent firm focused on risk and people. On the consolidating intermediaries from our standpoint, highlights the recognition by other players in our space, they're seen exactly today what we saw 10 years ago. And we've been investing behind it for the last decade and we believe the trends are real and make great opportunities for all of us. And on the consolidating market side, that's out there both on the health and the risk side, we see this as a great opportunity to bring better and more relevant solutions to our clients. So, in many respects, we see change as opportunity, and we're very well positioned to take advantage of it.
Gregory C. Case: Well, Brian, from our standpoint, as I said – just alluded to – for us, capability on the market side, the carrier side, creates greater opportunity that we can bring on behalf of our clients. What I'll highlight on the active side, we've got 30 national regional carriers sort of in the mix on the exchange side, and 90-plus carriers in the mix under retiree side. So, for us it's not about that individual level of competition, we're creating that. That's going to be there. It's really more around fundamental capability and what these institutions bring to the table, and we anticipate it's going to be stronger. And to the extent there are three on the health side that's greater than $100-billion-plus – I'm assuming all those go through in the way planned – I'm sure they're going to be competing very, very strongly with greater capability. And we think that's going to bode well for our clients and again, change and movement in the market actually benefits us tremendously if we're capable of bringing good solutions to our clients.
Gregory C. Case: Brian, I really don't see it. This is – we always want to be the best place possible – where someone can come and develop as a professional, support (36:32) and serve clients. And we've been talking about this for a long, long time. It's been part of our strategy for the last 10 years, and we've seen opportunity over that entire period of time. And sometimes it intensifies, sometimes it wanes a bit, but it's really been a constant. And the M&A activity obviously creates different opportunities, but I wouldn't overplay it. For us we're going to go after the best talent in the world to support our clients and that's not going to change for Aon.
Gregory C. Case: I would say, Meyer, for us, the overall marketplace continues to be very, very competitive. There's a lot of capital out there looking at different opportunities. For us, as Christa well described, we remain constant here, too. Our view is around return on invested capital. We're maniacally focused on bringing capability in Aon in a way that improves and then strengthens our return on invested capital. Christa talked about what we're doing with buyback. That's always a benchmark for us. We've got to be able to beat that from a return on invested capital standpoint and that's how we think about our acquisitions. And we see a very competitive market, but we also see opportunity, lots of different firms want to be part of a firm that can actually, truly change the course of a client's performance and do this on a global basis. And this is, in many respects, again, back to the destination of choice for talent, it's back to Brian's question a little bit. We can be a very attractive place for those types of colleagues and for those types of firms. And we're seeing that as well.
Gregory C. Case: So Kai, for us, again, we – it's been the same strategy and approach – preeminent firm in the world focused on risk and people. And we talked about categories around risk, retirement, health, talent, capital, et cetera. It's been a strategy we've worked on very, very hard. And we continue to add content capability around it both in organic investment, which you see us make quite substantially, exchanges, risk insight platform, review, et cetera. And then, we add content, capability in the form of M&A when they can actually help us strengthen that platform. By the way, back to the question before around, it's got to be – got to meet our return on invested capital requirements. And so, you'll see us kind of in the $200 million to $400 million, $500 million a year, bringing in capability like that around the world, but we really like the platform we've got at this point, and that's what we're focused on.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. Really – Kai, there's really no change at all here. Again, step back, this has really always been about the category of health for us. And in that category, we administer benefits for 10 million covered lives, so virtually more than anybody else in the world. It was within that context that we brought about a fully-insured, multi-carrier exchange. But we also have a full range and complement of self-insured exchanges, and a full range and complement of bundled solutions for large market, middle market, small commercial companies. So for us, it's about a range of health solutions, fully insured being one innovation in the context of that. And that's really what's been the focal point from the beginning.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. So, a couple of things going on, Mike, just to be aware of. Again, if you think about where we are in Aon Benfield, first, you understand the position of having – we have a very privileged position that our colleagues have built over time – number one in treaty, substantially number one in facultative, number one in capital markets and what we do there in alternative capital. And against that, obviously, we've addressed some substantial headwinds in the treaty world, where particularly in cat, it's under pressure. And by the way, that's when the price has been under most pressure. It's against that, that, before we get to any analytics that the team with what the capability we've got, has been positive for 17 consecutive quarters on net new business. So the underlying health of this business has actually been strengthening over time. And so, start with that. So, as the price declines begin to decelerate, which they have – still there, still substantial – that actually bodes very well for what the underlying impact is going to be long-term. Equally or more exciting is really what we're doing in terms of sort of finding new markets and new ideas to deploy capital, and this is really where some of our analytics comes in. So, for example, we have done some very innovative work in the mortgage arena in which we brought insurance capital, reinsurance capital into the mortgage world. That's never have done before, and created some price transparency and some value from that standpoint that just – it's really a net new area in many respects, by the way. The demand growth, by the way, is about $6 billion in limit a year, which frankly, we haven't seen anything like in the industry since the 1990s. So, for us, we're doing things that actually create net new opportunity. And then, much like we did with Risk Insight Platform in the primary space, we've done with something called Review, which actually helps insurers and reinsurers actually operate much better in the marketplace and understand where they can apply their capital and create better returns. So, for us, it's really threefold. One is just the basic core business and what we're doing to win new clients; and then it's creating new markets, the example I just gave you in mortgage; and then it's actually helping our clients to actually perform better on the Reinsurance side using data analytics like Review. So, a range of things we're doing here that we think bode well for the future.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. Yeah. For us, Mike, it's always been about a range of health solutions. The confusion comes about because we believe we brought forward the first ever fully insured multi-carrier exchange for big companies. And so, we are the only ones adding to that because we really – no one had a solution for a period of time. In fact, many actually were pushing against the whole exchange idea, and then when we start to do that, everyone loves the exchange idea. So, there's a bit of a semantics back and forth. For us, it's been about a range of solutions both fully insured, which we're adding clients to. Depending on funding mechanism, some like the credit, creates a choice, and to create a different funding mechanism around self-insured, we're happy to do that, too. And then others will say, no, let's stay with the traditional bundled solution. And then I'd remind you again, that's 10 million covered lives for us. So, most of anybody. So that's what we've been doing forever. So, for us, it's about a range of solutions, one piece of which has been an important new innovation called fully insured multi-carrier.
Gregory C. Case: No, in this case, that was largely that we wanted to try to highlight the fully insured piece across the board, and that was, again, 1.2 million lives across the exchanges. On the active side, approaching 1 million lives, 33 clients, et cetera. That was really fully insured multi-carrier, so we could highlight that. In the fullness of time, we're going to talk about a range of solutions beyond just fully insured. But, again, that was the innovation in the marketplace that no one else had seen, which is why we wanted to highlight it and -
Gregory C. Case: Well, the ebb and flow of it, Paul, in the short term, you can understand sort of how people have different views on demand, but those will be phased in over time. Fundamental though is asking the question, what's the return on invested capital of these institutions and can we bring solutions to them to help improve that? And for us, that's always been the thesis, and that's why we love the space so much. Our view is there's many, many companies here, and they have tremendous opportunity to improve return on invested capital. And whether we're bringing them solutions that is basically treaty placement, facultative placement, alternative capital or, frankly, more and more back to the question from earlier, data and analytics that help them understand their business so they can make better decisions to improve operating performance, strengthen their balance sheet or reduce their volatility, all these things for us make this highly attractive and an area of high demand. And all the M&A does is create change as we've described before, which will have, as I before, puts and takes, but net-net, we believe bodes very well for someone with real capability and who's made substantial investment over time to try to come up with solutions, a la on Aon Benfield.
Gregory C. Case: Well, we don't see much change. I mean, carriers, by the way, have always been demanding and we'd expect them to be and we want them to be on behalf of – they're actually trying to protect and support their shareholders. Our mission and our maniacal focus is on our clients. And so, we're always looking for better solutions on behalf of our clients. That's not going to change in any way, shape or form and we're going to continue to try to strengthen our capabilities to deliver that. And as I said before, we actually like the idea of some of these larger institutions with greater capability. But I love the idea of sitting across the table from a Fortune 10 Company and talking about bringing greater than $1 billion limits on behalf of cyber. What a great opportunity that would be, or greater limits than that. So, for us, we see tremendous opportunity here, and think it's going to continue to evolve in this direction. And consolidation will have, as I said before, some puts and takes but net-net, we think very positive.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. So, Jay, from our standpoint, as we said before, really if you think about what we've produced and outcomes on the Risk Solutions side overall, have been really in face of some headwinds as we talked about in Aon Benfield and in International. And we've got some great, great spots I've described before really across Asia – I highlighted them on my comments. I won't repeat them now – but really a number of different places. But if you think about Europe, Europe really is – you've got a lot of challenges in specific countries across Europe. And the good news is we've got incredibly strong privileged positions that go back decades – more than, literally hundreds of years, quite literally – and we believe we're very well positioned as that, the economics, the economy changes over time. But in the near term, they represent some challenges and that's really been the headwinds.
Gregory C. Case: I just want to say thanks to everyone for joining the call and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
