Christa Davies: Yeah. It's really about the temporary invoicing delay Rob. We had that in Q3. And while we're addressing the system issue, we could continue to see temporary impacts to working capital in the fourth quarter.
Christa Davies: And then just in terms of the financial piece Rob, it is $900 million of cash restructuring charge to deliver $350 million of savings in year in 2026. We don't expect to go above that guidance. We do expect in terms of financial guidance to continue to expect mid-single-digit organic revenue growth or greater for the full year 2023 and over the long-term. We expect to deliver adjusted operating margin for the full year 2023, full year 2024 and over the long-term, and we expect these program savings will contribute to ongoing sustainable long-term margin expansion. And then while free cash flow will be impacted in the short-term, we expect to return to our trajectory of double-digit free cash flow over the long-term, driven by operating income growth and ongoing working capital improvements. And then lastly as Greg said, we look at all of these investments across Aon on a disciplined ROIC basis. And I want to reiterate, we focus intensely on cash and we think about all investments on this disciplined basis. This investment is no different. It will name us to accelerate the work we're doing across the firm and ultimately contribute to great long-term shareholder value creation across our key metrics in line with our track record.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question, Paul. And look, the way we think about financial guidance going forward is mid-single-digital greater organic revenue growth in 2023 in the long-term, margin expansion in 2023, full year 2024 and over the long-term and then double-digit free cash flow growth long-term. We do expect this program to help us accelerate the strategy and we expect the savings to contribute to margin expansion next year. But what we'd also say is we think about margin expansion holistically, Paul. And so each year we've continued to say this. We have a gross margin expansion that's higher than what we met, generate for shareholders and we continue to invest. And you've seen that in calendar year 2023 as well, where we've continued to invest in technology, you can see technology expenses up CapEx, where we're investing in long-term technology platforms to drive long-term productivity. And so we're investing in a long-term strategy as we generate great results for shareholders each and every year.
Christa Davies: It is Paul. Yeah. It is very different. So what we would say and I think Greg said this earlier is, it's responding to client need. And meeting unmet client needs. And we are seeing more of that than ever before. And you saw that in our risk survey where clients have significant unmet client needs, but Aon Business Services at the catalyst here. And we're really building on a proven track record of success and we see Aon Business Services as a catalyst which drives risk capital, human capital and Aon client leadership strategies. And we brought together a set of new leaders and developed a three-year strategy to further strengthen and connect our firm. And this strategy accelerates our ability to deliver on standardized platforms, standardize operations and innovative product scale. And so that is very different than what we've done before Paul. And that really is much more sustainable long-term strategy development, that's going to benefit clients, going to benefit colleagues and going to benefit shareholders.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So let me describe what I would tell you is this is absolutely using Aon Business Services as a catalyst. And the Aon Business Services strategy is really around standardizing operations creating scale and standardized platforms and then build up on top of those platforms to create products at scale that really drive innovation for clients. And then if you think about it if you bring all of those people as Greg said, 15,000 people in Aon Business Services, 1,000 data scientists driving analytics data and analytics then you could actually apply AI, whether that's machine -- at the machine learning and/or the generative AI end across these platforms and services to drive greater analytical insight and greater value for clients. But Eric, I mean, you see this every day with clients…
Christa Davies: So thanks so much for the question, Elyse. The first answer is yes we do expect the $350 million to drop to the bottom line. We obviously are continuing to invest in the business as I described earlier. A good example of that is the investments we've made in technology in the first nine months of the year. You see that in our technology expense and our CapEx expense both being up funding investments in long-term operations, technology platforms and product development to meet client needs. And so we will see those savings drop to the bottom line but they are in the context of our overall financial guidance which is mid single-digit or greater organic revenue growth for 2023 and the long term. margin expansion in 2023-2024 in the long term and long-term double-digit free cash flow growth. And then in terms of the breakout we do expect the breakout of the $900 million to be primarily technology expense and workforce optimization. We have not provided specific details on that and we will report on it each quarter.
Christa Davies: So we haven't given specific guidance on the timing. What we have said is that we absolutely expect long-term free cash flow growth. We run the firm on free cash flow. We are extremely bullish on long-term free cash flow growth driven by operating income growth and working capital improvements. And so this will absolutely contribute to that. And so we're very, very excited about the outlook for free cash flow growth long-term.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question Charlie. So you're right. For the last 12 years, we've delivered 1,120 basis points of margin expansion so approximately 90 basis points a year. And what we've said with this program is the $350 million of savings in the year and 2026 will fall to the bottom line. They are incorporated into and a part of our long-term sustainable margin expansion where we will deliver margin expansion in 2023, full year 2024 and over the long-term. And as I mentioned earlier, what we're really doing Charlie is, we are investing in the business in client-facing innovation and content and capability and data analytics to help solve client needs and provide more innovative solutions to clients to help provide better colleague technology and to drive long-term productivity. And that's really the heart of the Aon Business Services strategy, which is really the catalyst for us investing here today.
Christa Davies: We have not given specific guidance on the $900 million, Charlie. So what we will do is report charges and savings each quarter.
Christa Davies: Thanks very much for the question, Meyer. Look, it is of the 2023 baseline. That's the right answer. And I would note, that we're really excited about free cash flow growth in 2023. It's high single digits. And so we'll report 2023 free cash flow and you should grow double-digit long term from there. But what I would say Meyer is, as you think about the free cash flow growth long term it's exceptional. We've delivered 13% CAGR in free cash flow over the last 12 years. And we'll continue to drive mid-single-digit organic -- mid-single-digit or greater organic revenue growth long term margin expansion in 2023 2024 and long term, and double-digit free cash flow growth long term and we're really excited about our free cash flow growth long term. 
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. And maybe I'll do to an example might be the easiest way to bring it to life because it's evolving so quickly that as clients are looking at these exposures and these developments, they're pressing us for more insight more analytics and maybe just one that's come to mind around climate which is such a topic today. We had a client in Asia Pacific that was looking at severe weather and how it was going to affect their loan portfolio, how it was going to affect their future financial obligations in terms of disclosure. And we engage with them because they had asked us about their future. They asked us about the physical climate risk that was coming. But as we began to talk to them, they were really starting to press for a baseline of their loan exposures today, which required climate analytics that are cutting edge and are really just coming to the fore. And so what they're doing with it today is they're looking at integrating their climate analytics into their risk modeling themselves, as they go forward as a business. And I guess the point of it is, that capability as it's being developed and being brought to the market, really allows all types of clients to look at climate physical risk, put it into their own business model as they go forward, but they're starting from one place and often ending in another. But to be able to deliver those analytics in the form that they can use to be able to build their own business, Aon Business Services provides that engine to be able to aggregate the data to be able to put it in usable format going forward. So we're really excited about what this gives us and the ability to replicate that across the globe as financial institutions of all type are being pressed to understand their climate risk.
Eric Andersen: Absolutely Chris. Listen the whole strategy is predicated upon bringing our risk capital and human capital colleagues together to be able to do more for clients. We can talk about a lot of examples and all usual on the Parametric business which is actually bringing reinsurance knowledge to commercial clients as well on the health care side where we're using bonds to be able to do resiliency and other things. That just doesn't happen by accident. It needs capability. It needs analytics it needs connectivity and it needs an enterprise client strategy where we can deliver those capabilities right at the largest most complex clients. So really excited about the opportunity Paul.
Eric Andersen: We have 1,000 data scientists across our risk capital business. And so I feel like we're cutting edge in that area.
Eric Andersen: Hi, Elyse. Hi, Thanks, this is Eric. We continue to see strong activity across EMEA Pacific and core P&C very solid new business retention all the sort of underpinnings that you would look for. We did continue to see a slowdown in M&A and call M&A services which are the things that come off of mergers and acquisitions whether it's DL one-off whether it's reps and warranties things like that continue to slow down pretty significantly in the quarter.
Eric Andersen: There was nothing unique in the third quarter. When we look at some of the strong areas around the world, some of the specialty businesses like construction that continue to have very solid performance, we're pretty happy with the way the business has been performing and when that area comes back. We've held the team and are really excited about the future opportunity.
Eric Andersen: Sure. This is Eric. We don't disclose that number, but I would just say if you track M&A from outside sources is certainly down 30% year-on-year and that continues to show headwinds. And I would just say, listen as that recovers we will recover with it. We've maintain the team. We've maintained the relationships. We continue to stay very close to those clients. And when they react we will be right there with them. But it's a good business for us. We really think it provides great value to them and the ultimate clients and we continue to hold and invest in that team.
Eric Andersen: I would just say best view is one of the many parties that have been involved in the business whether it's reinsurance, whether it's other areas. And we continue to monitor the situation very carefully working with our clients helping them to provide options to replace that lost capital. And we continue to see that work being done and our expectation is, it will continue to evolve as their bankruptcy process works its way through.
Eric Andersen: Listen, I wouldn't think about it that way. I would think about what can we do with the talent while there's a downturn. And so the skills that those -- that that team has in terms of client coverage and product expertise, we can redeploy that across the firm and put them to work today while we're waiting out the market certainly, still working those clients and trying to innovate with new products and opportunities but at the same time they bring skill sets around client coverage, industry knowledge, product knowledge that we can use across the firm. So they're not just sitting there, if that was what you're thinking, but we're deploying them into the client base.
Greg Case: Maybe I would just add one other point on this Paul. When you think about the margin, we often get asked about this is, it's almost like it's treated like a zero-sum game, the split between clients and colleagues and shareholders. We don't see it that way. We see it around value. The example Eric described is really around incremental value to a client, asking a question they hadn't asked before, we provided an insight around analytics. That simply is not possible without Aon Business Services on a scale basis. We provide incremental value. We get obviously compensated for that. That actually – that contribution is really what drives margin over time. So greater value means more margin. And so that's what you're hearing today sort of how we're going to invest create greater capability to deliver more value for clients and that really is the engine around margin improvement, which is why we're so confident now even more so with this investment to continue margin improvement over time.
Greg Case: I mean, as we think about it Paul. We've got tremendous reinforcement around risk capital and human capital and how we're approaching clients in that regard. Everyone can talk about a piece of good work for an individual client. We're talking about taking the Eric example, and really how do you scale that and do that all over the world. And then when you're done with that, keep getting it better and better. You can't do that without Aon Business Services. I mean this is 15,000 colleagues around the world with a team led by Christa, brought together Mindy Simon others who brought talent from really outside of our industry or help us think about how to evolve that. And the strength of that is extraordinary in our ability to actually scale new integrated analytics. This is the structural investment that we now see we can do much faster. In fact clients are requiring us to do it much faster than we would have done overtime. That's what's fundamentally different. This is very different than anything you've ever seen before. And the reason we're so excited about it is, because again clients are demanding our colleagues are excited to deliver it. And this is a structural move that really bets on our history. We've already made progress. This is the strategy we're doubling down and investing on it, in a structural way that will help us scale and really innovate more effectively.
Greg Case: The other piece you kind of come back to and this is what -- these individual pieces are around the firm. They're phenomenal. They're tremendous in their own right. What Christmas describing is the wiring the mechanism to connect them more effectively. So it's not just a 1,000. It's 1,000 interconnected against a strategy around analytics and prioritization around analytics against specific client issues. So it's a thoughtful strategy that we can actually execute that day on business services. And the acceleration as we would have done that over time now we're going to double down and do that. This is what's going to change the relevance profile for our clients. These are the questions they're asking. And so it's not just the 1,000 and whatever it ends up becoming over time, it's how that 1,000 is going to work together. And the level of comparable data they're going to have around the world. And the example, Eric is given just -- is not just in single analytics and commercial risk or Reinsurance eventually, we'll cut across talent we'll cut across health and so to have that integrated platform that you can execute the analytics upon with the talent on top of it is huge. And some of the folks that Christa has brought in, many time we brought in, have come from outside the industry literally from companies who are world class at analytics and they see an opportunity to really up the world understand risk and volatility differently and they find it incredibly compelling. And so our view is this is a great opportunity for colleagues in a way that really unlocks a lot of opportunity for them because they're going to be talking to clients about these types of issues.
Greg Case: And we've said this last time I think on the call Elyse. We love this area and this team. They are phenomenal. We just got such great capability here and Eric and team have continued to kind of double down and invest behind content capability. We're quite confident that transactions will come back at some point in time when they do we're unbelievably well positioned. And we'll absorb the headwind in the process but very, very bullish on the future in this category.
Greg Case: David, I would come back and just think about literally. This is about client relevance as Eric described I think very well. What this is going to do is help us, innovate and be more relevant to clients on the issues that matter most to them that will have impact over time. What we want to be clear though is in terms of sort of the progress. We're staying mid-single digit or greater organic revenue growth, continuing margin expansion and double-digit free cash flow growth. For us, that will be the validation and this accelerates that strategy and certainly increase its probability and success against that in every way shape or form. And if there's opportunity beyond that fantastic, but you start with that. We love that story. And we're incredibly excited about what this does with that story which is just really delivers on it.
Greg Case: Well, this is very important, because we obviously track and look at this all the time. This is why as we described in the opening, we came to a level of conviction that said we're not going to evolve this. We're doing it now. We're moving now. We're going to make the investments now to accelerate faster than we would have before because the track that we've laid this continues to get more relevant to clients. If you think about it 10 years ago, we talked about increasing risk. It turns out 10 years later, my God you might have been right on that. There's risk everywhere around the world interconnected climate is real, all the everything is real, cyber everything. And so our clients are asking for more and the fundamental aspect that everybody can talk about delivering it but unless you're a connected firm, truly supporting each other around the globe you cannot deliver on it and you certainly can't innovate at a level that equates to what client demand is. And so that's what Aon United has given us. What you've seen us do over the last bit of time is really structurally double down on that. Risk capital and human capital only five, six, seven months ago, structurally really connected how we bring analytics across the entire risk spectrum, not just in commercial risk reinsurance but also the risk spectrum on talent, on health, et cetera. All these things come together and that's the next step sort of in the process. So for us, it isn't about -- it equated to a $1 value here or there or revenue or margin here or there. It's fundamental D&A. This connectivity around Aon United allowed us to do risk capital and human capital. It allowed us to do on business services. That's an impossibility without Aon United. And what we've got now with Eric and the team leading risk capital and human capital is a chance to accelerate it into the market with innovation. Under Christa's leadership with Aon Business Services a chance to really enable it structurally in ways we've never done before. So this for us is a natural step that we would have evolved in the process. And all you're hearing about today is that excitement level is higher than ever before, not because of us but because the clients and our colleagues saying we need this we want to deliver it. And what you see us doing today is saying, okay, we're going to accelerate and drive it. And that's really what the investment is about.
Greg Case: Just wanted to say thank you, for everyone joining us. We look forward to our conversation next quarter. Thanks very much.
