Gregory C. Case: First, Adam, on your question on the sales cycle. I would say, this is part of an ongoing conversation with our clients around literally how they serve their employees and support them in a more effective way. So as we completed the cycle last year, it's really been a continuous set of conversations with clients. We're obviously in the middle of a sales cycle now, but it's been a really continuous set of conversations that, I must say, had been building in momentum. More clients are interested, cutting across a broad set of geographies and industries in all sizes and shapes. So sort of very, very active set of conversations. And then as we've said before, for us, we have plenty of capacity. This has been about building in a very thoughtful, methodical way on the active side, initially, with 3 companies this cycle, with 18 companies. The pipeline is exceptionally strong and we have capacity and fully anticipate adding some of the next set of clients. And most important is serving them in an impeccable way, which we were very pleased to do this last cycle. And the same is holding on the retiree side, too. So very, very, very positive set of developments and it's within the context of what we do in ben admin anyway. We serve 9 million employees in ben admin across the board now on the active and the retiree side. So it's part of a natural progression and it's proceeded very, very well.
Gregory C. Case: Well, actually, Brian, for us -- first of all, from an overall context, about 50% of our global business overall, and we've seen continued strong growth on the emerging markets side. I was just actually back -- I was in Beijing and Shanghai and Suzhou, and it was -- just tremendous opportunity everywhere. When you think about, it's obviously tied to GDP, that might be a bit of a headwind, but when you think about the level of incidence of insurance that have a coverage across per dollar of GDP, the growth opportunity in the emerging markets is just for us, from a risk standpoint, is substantial. And so we're seeing very strong growth across Asia, across Latin America, with particularly very high growth and well into the double digits in a number of countries. So from our standpoint, we -- this is a very positive industry, a very positive area of investment and development for us and we don't see that changing. And if it's great and it's a little less great, it's still in the great category.
Gregory C. Case: Brian, if you think about it, we've invested substantially -- said we would achieve mid-single-digit operating income in '13, which we did. Christa guided sort of where we're going to be in '14, which we will. Within that, we will have invested substantially sort of in the exchange side. But if you think about the categories of that, '13 was about really a lot of the infrastructure and things to get it up and running and really sort of build all the components of it, what you're seeing in the discussion in '14 is our anticipation of where the pipeline is and indications we're getting now of how that's going to evolve. And that really is going to be about specific client investment in addition to continued investment around the client experience.
Gregory C. Case: So Jay, if we step back and think about sort of what we've done historically, first of all, irrespective of kind of what's happening on the pricing side, the exposure side, we've said we're going to grow the Risk Solutions business. That includes the Reinsurance business, and that's exactly what our goal is for 2014. And we believe we're going to be on track to do that. You're absolutely right, there is some substantial headwinds when you think about some of the capital. There's a record level of capital in the industry now, well above $500 billion. We've had a relatively light cat year and then that's fully compounded by the continued influx of capital from nontraditional sources, which is kind of at the $45 billion, $50 billion level now. We expect it to grow over time. Having said that, from our standpoint, our view is that when you think about what we do on behalf of clients, we're really helping them understand how to create value with their balance sheet, reduce volatility, improve operating performance, that's right exactly in the wheelhouse of what we do at Aon Benfield. We've invested in data and analytics in ways no one else has really been able to -- has ever done. And we believe that's going to help us serve clients effectively and that's why we believe we can continue to grow that business over time and fully anticipate being able to do that.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, no, it's a mix on both sides, so fee and commission. We're about 70% commission and about 30% fee, overall. But we're doing a number of things on behalf of clients in addition to treaty placements. Some of it -- it's really just sort of adding advice and some of the things that come with data and analytics to help them think about their business overall, that's an increasing component. I would also say, for us, when you think about our leadership position, kind of, in the alternative capital area in cat bonds as an example, I mean, just -- there's clearly an acceleration on that front. If you think about since 2010, give or take, probably been about 90, 93, 94 deals done over that period of time. We've been involved in over half of them. Now there's been an acceleration of the 93. 31 were done last year. Again, we're involved in over half of them. So from our standpoint, there's lots of aspects in how we help insurers improve their performance across Aon Benfield. And that is reflected in our historical performance. I would also just say, reflect on sort of Aon over the last 5, 6, 7 years, in virtually any economic environment, we've been able to grow the business overall. And in fact, we've grown it every year except one, in which we were just down slightly. So our view is we've seen the movie before and fully anticipate being able to grow and help our clients succeed.
Gregory C. Case: A lot of those, I just described to Jay. I can't really speak for the overall industry, where we'll all [ph] be. I would just reflect on what Aon's been able to achieve in that exact environment. In that environment, we've been able to actually grow our position and fundamentally, this is about obviously, exceptional treaty placement as we described. But it really is more broadly about what we do on behalf of clients, insurers, to help them succeed. And in our case, the investment around data and analytics is just quite substantial. We invest well over $120 million a year, real money, cash in data -- in developing content and capability to help our clients make better decisions that, again, will improve operating performance, strengthen their balance sheet, reduce volatility. In that context, treaty placement is one aspect, it's very important, one aspect, but you're adding to that now all the capital markets choices they have, as well as just very clear views around how analytics, data, insight can actually help them make better decisions. And that's really the broad-based value proposition, what is just unique about Aon Benfield. It really has been what they've been able to do, my colleagues have been able to do over many, many years. And if you look at kind of new business generation, again, it's been net positive for 11 consecutive quarters through multiple types of environments. And we fully expect it will continue to do that as we help insurers succeed at Aon Benfield.
Gregory C. Case: No, I would say, it's continued to evolve. We have a quite more substantial product offering. Again, if you're investing $120 million-plus a year on content and capability, it's broader, it's deeper, it's more connected globally. And equally important, we believe it's highly differentiated. There aren't many players in the industry, doing what we do, could invest in content and capability the way we do on behalf of clients and haven't had any the impact that it's had on behalf of clients. Because in the end, that's what really is what generates client leadership, you're helping clients succeed. And we've been able to do that and we believe that capability has strengthened substantially, really, every year for the period of time you described. And that's why we're in a, we believe, in a very advantaged position as we look forward.
Gregory C. Case: Of course, just as you said, I would say there's a substantial number of renewals that happen on -- a percentage which happen on 1/1 and then in April and then June. So we have a good visibility on the treaty front and see how that evolves, although we would recognize revenue over the course of the year. That's why you see that flatten out. But as I said before, there's a lot of activity we do on behalf of clients, in addition to the treaty portion of the equation. And all those are now part of the discussion and are active and ongoing. But you're absolutely right, in terms of how the treaty evolves, and we certainly have a -- we have a visibility on how the 1/1s played out for sure.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, we think about it. And it's less about the market and it's really about the value that we provide to clients. And fundamentally, this is the absolute focus of Aon Benfield and my colleagues sort of in this arena. And when you think about as we add value to clients -- and it turns out, by the way, oftentimes, the greatest value you add for them, particularly when you're adding advice, data and analytics on top of what you do in treaty and other arenas, in times of stress, it's actually the biggest opportunity to help clients succeed. So our ability to actually provide value, have clients recognize the value and then get paid for value, we believe, continues to increase. And that gives us the ability to actually think through sort of the ability to get a return out of the business, which we've been able to do.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, as we've said -- a couple of things, as you think about overall. First of all, just the broad-based macro trends right now, we described was kind of pricing environment, which has really been stable, around kind of flat overall, with an exposure change which has been modestly positive. So for us, from a U.S. standpoint, you can start to see aspects of the U.S. economy strengthening, not strong but strengthening overall. And so that's sort of the macro view of where we are. But I would say, though, in that context, back to our ability to make investments in the business and improve margin, we continue to make investments in the business and that really has helped us from the standpoint of just -- from -- and this is really around Client Promise and what we do on Revenue Engine, and all the different pieces of it, really helps us generate level of new business, $336 million across our Retail business, really driven across the U.S. as well, that is a record level for us. So we feel very good about sort of what we have in place, the investments we've made and the impact we're going to have over time as we grow the business organically, really, irrespective of sort of what happens on U.S. GDP. And in the end, if you look at the components, we've got a big construction book and that's obviously trending a little more positive, entries [ph] is a little more positive, tracks [ph] a little more positive from that standpoint. And then that puts -- and the exposures overall against those pieces are up a bit, as I've said before. And that really is sort of how we see the U.S. playing out, with some positive overall macro implications and -- amplified by what we do from an investment standpoint.
Gregory C. Case: It's very small overall. As we said before, a large piece obviously, of our treaty book. But this is a smaller percentage overall, 5% to 10%, let's say, but growing. And I'll -- what I wanted to highlight is, if you think about alternative capital, this we believe is a reality, it's an option for clients, it's highly viable. About $45 billion or so in the context of, call it, a $550 billion capital base for the insurance world. We are primary in it, but overall, it turns out to be 5% to 10% of our overall book.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, I would just start at the top line. Our view is we are going to continue to expand the risk margin overall. And if you look across time, I've made investments, have been able to do that and at largely multiple types of organic growth environments. And that's, in fact, exactly what we intend to be able to do. A lot of the investments around GRIP, what we've done, and analytics, have really helped create leverage, operating leverage in the business, which is more substantial. So our ability to improve margin on lower growth rates is real. And you're starting to see that actually play out in the improvement this year. You'll see that play out over time. If we happen to get continued big pickup in the global economy or we happen to get rate improvement, et cetera, not something our management team has actually ever experienced, we'd love that. That would be great. But that's not what we require in order to actually improve the margin of the business. And that's really been part of the strategy over a multi-year period to invest in the business so that we could, in fact, improve margins, irrespective of the overall rate or exposure environment.
Gregory C. Case: We have substantial capacity. Again, our goal here is to serve clients in an effective way. First and foremost, making absolutely certain that the experience that our client has and their employees have is absolutely pristine. As we've said before, we've done that through the last few cycles, feel very good about that. And now is the opportunity to continue to react and to help our clients in a much broader, more robust pipeline. We have capacity to do that. And we'll update you when we get through the next sales cycle, maybe the second or third quarter. When we have that behind us, we'll take you through kind of what the overall picture looks like at that point in time and then move forward from there. But we've got a lot of capacity as we planned it out to help our clients succeed.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, and I'd add one other piece. As you think about the overall business, as I said, we're very -- we feel very positive, very pleased with sort of how our efforts on the exchange front are evolving. But within the context of broad-based Aon Hewitt and all the things we're doing there, we've made some tremendous investments on the talent solutions side, in what we're doing to help clients think about really transitioning to the cloud-based approach on HR and, really, kind of the idea of Software-as-a-Service space for HR, tremendous investments. On the retirement solutions side, we've done a lot of work in the pension space, which is very interesting, very dynamic. A number of investments there, really thinking about our delegated pension management services and what we can do and accomplish to help clients really think about overall oversight, management of their pension plans. And certainly, on the defined pension -- or on defined contribution side, we've got a couple of efforts, something called DC Nexus and SimPlus Savings you're going to hear a lot about over time. So I want to emphasize the exchange story, we believe, is compelling, powerful and emerging. But it's really within the context -- it's a small part of Aon Hewitt overall. In fact, we continue the investment in the bottom line in '13. We hope it will be slightly positive in '14 from a bottom line standpoint. But there's a lot going on across Aon Hewitt that we're very, very excited about and a lot's going on inside the Consulting business, we're very, very excited about in terms of sort of the overall picture.
Gregory C. Case: No, as I've said before, if you think about -- what we said is we're going to be able to invest in the business and invest or -- and then actually improve operating income mid-single digits, which is exactly what we did. It was actually negative from the exchange side for '13, and we expect it will be slightly positive for '14. The real operating leverage that comes to the exchanges shows up in '15 to '16, and as we continue to evaluate the pipeline and think about the -- what really has been a tremendous set of conversations coming through there, our view is that we will be at a very good place from an operating leverage standpoint in '15 and '16 and just would say again, what Christa laid out for you is that we're going to have greater than mid-single digits operating improvement growth in '14.
Gregory C. Case: That's it, everyone. Thanks very much for participating and I look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: Yes. So I was actually providing operating income guidance as opposed to margin guidance. And operating income, overall, we think will be greater than mid-single-digit growth in 2014. And then some of the patterning, it will be similar to 2013. Down in the first half, both Q1 and Q2; flat in Q3; and up substantially in Q4. And it's really reflecting the continued investment we make to support our clients in health care exchanges in 2014. And as you know, we incur expenses in all 4 quarters of the year in our health care exchange business and recognize the revenue in Q4. As we continue to scale more clients, really, because of the success we've had in the 2013 cycle, we are continuing to invest throughout the calendar year in 2014. That's why that patterning is continuing to occur.
Christa Davies: Yes, Jay, as we think about the tax rate, we've given long-term guidance on the tax rate of, sort of, more than 500 basis points. As we think about the tax rate for 2014, we're not giving guidance going forward. We have given long-term guidance and we'll report updates on progress as we report our results.
Christa Davies: And just one sort of set of facts, to reinforce what Greg just said, if you look at the Reinsurance revenue growth in 2012 of 5%, in 2013, it was 2%. And despite a decline in Reinsurance growth year-over-year, risk margins are up 80 basis points. So we feel very good about our ability to grow Risk Solutions margin despite the macroeconomic headwinds we're facing.
Christa Davies: Yes, so that's absolutely right, Meyer. So I think pension contributions came down commensurate with our unfunded pension liability, which declined from year end 2012 of $2.3 billion to $1.6 billion. So a $700 million decline in unfunded pension liability, which is decreasing our cash contributions. And you could see the pension contributions will continue to come down over the following years, and that's really in terms of -- driven by improved long-term rates. And then CapEx, you can see, we finished 2013 at a lower level than we expected. And we expect CapEx to grow in line with revenue going forward, albeit from a lower base.
Christa Davies: No, as we think about share repurchase, we think about return on capital and cash-on-cash returns. And share repurchase remains our highest return investment, hence, the fact that we repurchased $1.1 billion of shares during the course of 2013, despite providing guidance sort of around the $800 million level. And if you think about it, we provided original -- we did $1.1 billion in 2012 as well, but of that, $300 million came off the balance sheet. So as we think about share repurchase, we expect share repurchase in 2014 to be similar to 2013. And then obviously, excess cash we'll deploy on a cash-on-cash return using return on capital as the metric we use to allocate all excess uses of cash.
Christa Davies: Yes. So look, maybe the best way to start that question is, Michael, is to sort of start with free cash flow in 2012, which was $1.15 billion. The free cash flow number in 2012 is the number we're anchoring from to double, to get to $2.3 billion over the next 3 to 5 years. And included in that free cash flow, our free cash flow definition is cash from operations, straight from the cash flow statement, less CapEx. Included in cash from operations is pension contribution and restructuring. And then, obviously, the less CapEx means this CapEx number is also included in the free cash flow number. So if you think about it and your starting point obviously for free cash flow now is $1.4 billion, because it's what we produced in 2013. And so if you look at this cumulative increase, you can basically take the $1.15 billion, add $600 million, so you get to $1.75 billion, which is just from these 3 line items by themselves, that includes no improvement in operations of our business, all our revenue growth and continued margin expansion or a decline in tax rate. And so you can see that we are making good progress towards doubling free cash flow over the next 3 to 5 years.
Christa Davies: So the way to think about it is, if you look at the 2014 number and, say, it's $333 million as the cumulative increase, and then you look at the $602 million, then, from $214 million to $218 million, you've got a $300 million increase in free cash flow just from the line items above. And you add that to $1.4 billion, which equals $1.7 billion.
Christa Davies: They're independent of each other. And as we look at our Consulting business, we'd say it grew 3% for calendar year 2013, and we'd expect something similar for 2014. And some of the Q4 number, we really have had a very strong comparable in Q4 2012, as Greg mentioned. And so that was really what's happening there.
Christa Davies: No, no, no. I said when we started 2012, we had a tax rate of 29%. We then filed a statement which basically said that our tax rate would be more than 500 basis points, starting at 29%. And we expect that to happen over time.
Christa Davies: The thing I would say is quarterly tax rate numbers get impacted by certain things like discrete tax numbers. And the 25% for the full year is sort of the rate I would look at for the full year.
