Greg Case: Happy to do that Dave and maybe I'll talk at sort of overall level of focus and Christa, you can embellish a little bit on sort of the direct impact on sustainable margins as well. I think Dave it's important to step back. At the core of our strategy to grow Aon has been this conversation that we've been in for a long time around Aon United, and we have the external part of that which is really the parts facing the market, meaning we are more consistently delivering the best of our firm to clients and by the way that's easier to say, everyone says it, it is very hard to do, but it benefits clients and colleagues immensely and you're seeing that show up on the top line. But, to exactly to your point on Aon Business Services, equally compelling is asking the question, how can we be world class to client service. And if you think about it, most of all industries have done this. All parts of financial services, manufacturing, have set out to address this challenge at a companywide level, but no one in our industry has ever done this. And the reason is, again because it is really hard. And in essence we undertook investment to establishing our business services that takes truly proven practice from sectors all around the world and then delivers it into our world and again never really been done. It is a pretty bold step. And if you think about, this is really Aon United from the inside of the firm and delivering Aon United is the external facing piece. But this inside piece you're highlighting is really important. We have absorbed a lot of disruption intentionally, single operating model, single outgo, single brand and in the end there are four things that come out of this. And one is, to your point, better client service in a coordinated way and Christa described the example on some of the client connect piece, but beyond that is greater efficiency for sure, by the way it didn’t start with efficiency, we started with client service. Equally important is accelerated innovation. I mean if you think about it, if we actually found a hypothetically a block chain solution and how long would it take us to implement it, 10 years ago it would have taken us a long time, multiple years. Now actually with Aon Business Services we've got a way to accelerate innovation, but then directly to your point, it's about continuous improvement. This is a platform we've invested in and which allows us to actually get better and better and better over time. And again we could never have done it without the incremental investment and as Christa highlighted we got a 39% return on it, but it wasn’t the return that was important. It was the foundation that is in place and we're very pleased about the progress, more to come, but we're more excited about the potential around margin expansion in 2021 and beyond and also what it can do from a client standpoint. But Christa, we've talked very specifically about some of the opportunities there and in essence and lots of examples too. And maybe before Christa we'll go to Eric just as a quick example to just what shows up every day.
Greg Case: And if I could add, you coming on this too, it is not - that was a reinsurance improvement, but that reinsurance improvement now gets translated into what, order means recommends a risk or would it mean story time, because we're actually learning best practices across the firm in ways we could never before.
Greg Case: Happy Paul to talk about sort of what's driven sort of the overall growth profile. And again, both Christa and I reflected, that's actually been a trend. It's across the portfolio that's been going on for a number of years. But I will come back to reinsurance, I would say reinsurance obviously is the smallest quarter by far we have. We'll come back to the overall piece, and we'd actually reflect on the overall year. And to start off with, the impact from pricing as you highlighted is evident, but not material, again evident, but not material in our full-year organic of 6%. That's true in reinsurance and that's true in commercial risk. And if you think about it, half of our revenue base is not impacted by pricing at all and certainly on the risk side, the retirement business, the health, the data analytics business, so take half of it out against the 6%, completely. And then you sort of say the remaining piece that's left on the risk side, a third of that is fee-based, so two-thirds commission, one-third fee-based. And by the way some of those commission-based revenues, particularly in larger clients are capped, so it's more like a fee. So in essence, you start with the impact overall, is evident as I said, but not material. Equally important is, the work we do, I mean, we are built to serve clients in changing rate environments and the work that we do really changes their behavior. So there is not a direct linear correlation at all. What we would say, if you step back, what's driving our progress? Our progress is really driven around new business, more clients, new clients, retention and rollover. And rollover, by the way, might be the place where the price might show up, but it really is about new business and retention. I ticked a couple of things off quickly and then maybe flip it to Eric and Mike on sort of just any additional thoughts here. But on the reinsurance side, and particularly for the year, again that's 10% for the year. We feel very good about it. But 60% of that growth, call it $89 million, $90 million, was a pure trading net new. And then you got net new on fact and you've got net new on ILS, insurance-linked securities and essentially this is really a net new opportunity with exceptional retention rates. And the same story really across the commercial risk portfolio. I'll pick one -- frankly one sector we could pick it anywhere around the world. In US brokerage we had retention rates at 95% and then $170 million of net new in the quarter, overall for the year it's 10% year-over-year and 17% up in Q4. So this is a net new phenomena for us, a retention phenomena for us. And this is back to the idea of Aon United and what we're doing to strengthen our overall portfolio. And again, I'll ask Eric or Mike to comment on it, but some of these pieces are about how we expand, what we do inside the solution piece versus overall. But Eric, thought on that.
Greg Case: So in that example Mike, literally three years ago if we had to place cyber policy, we had it, it have been great, we would have declared victory, it would have been awesome. And now we literally had a conversation that really is much broader. We're serving the client differently. We're bringing more of the enterprise client leader really asked for all this. The piece and the good news is, even if this client says they don't really want it, they just want a cyber policy, they actually see us differently because we're talking about their holistic business. In this case it worked out much better than that. But in any event, Paul does that give you a sense, I mean, literally, what's driving our - the action here is really net new and retention. Again, we want to reflect the pricing is evident, but it's not material in the overall story and this gets to the sustainability and what Aon United means at the client level.
Greg Case: Well, listen, we'd come back to, I would encourage you again. On Page 6, we've got this blueprint laid out, it's got some pieces to it. One of the pieces, is how do we deliver our firm at the front line delivering Aon United at the front line? We built a tremendous amount of infrastructure to try to support behind that things that help our colleagues understand the firm Aon IQ. The client tracking piece that Christa described, all these things go into sort of how we make it easier for our colleagues to deliver the firm. The translation of that is really simple, growth. So you're looking to grow and at the end of the day we're not actually serving clients more effectively and doing more with them, what are we doing? And by the way that's got to be value-driven. That's not a price driven effort, that's a value-driven effort. How do we create more value for clients? We create more value. They understand it. We're going to do fine against that. So in essence, you look at the top line and understand what we're doing on top line and how that's evolving over time. And then, you basically then look at Aon Business Services, Christa described it and we described it as well, that's another means for us to actually be better, the cap [indiscernible] example that Eric gave, was really into how you serve clients better. Those clients are actually getting better content than they've ever gotten before. Our colleagues have to be comfortable and trust that over time and see a build and now we're actually getting better and better. So clients are seeing better content, again back to growth. And then Aon Business Services obviously creates operating leverage because it creates efficiency and that means we can invest more back into the business. But the translation, when you think about the question of how we're doing, it really is the simple things Christa was describing, organic growth, the operating leverage we have in the business, which translates into the margin improvement. And then you follow our story. It hasn't changed. Its free cash flow generation and delivering on our double-digit free cash flow growth year after year after year and as Christa highlighted, the Aon United effort has substantially strengthen our ability to deliver on that promise, which is going to be great for our clients, great for our colleagues and of course we think very, very good for our shareholders.
Greg Case: There are patterns that we can highlight. What we need to come back to Elyse it's really the overall year and the portfolio. So we start with our growth thesis its overall year and the portfolio. So in essence this is the 3%, 3%, 4% 4%, 5% now 6%. And what we've essentially said is we want to achieve mid-single digit or greater growth over the long term. And we've put in place a number of things to make that happen, that we think will continue to improve and grow and strengthen our ability to do that in our position to do that. Obviously, some of our solution lines have different patterns in terms of sort of where we go back and forth, which we can highlight Christa maybe you want to highlight some of those. But net-net, what we're essentially saying is we want to grow at mid single-digit or greater, and we're investing to do that, and you've seen that track record continue to play out.
Greg Case: We don't want to, we don't want you to do that. Aon United is what we are. It's not a separate thing. It’s the fabric of the firm. It's the nature of the conversation. So the 3% to 4% is part new, by the way, net news-record, new record in terms of reinsurance, new record in terms of commercial risk on the retirement on the health side. Aon United is about retention, clients we might have lost, we're not losing now. By the way the conversations we're having with clients around, if you're out of RFP, why are we better, it's a different conversation. By the way, anybody can say what we're saying, but who has done single OpCo, single brand single – basically single operating system, who is doing Aon Business Services? The answer was no one. So if it has value, clients go wow! This actually makes a difference. So we don't want this to be separate. We want this to be integral to what we do every day. And then if it shows up in top line and margin, and it shows up in free cash flow, our hope is you'll be very comfortable with that overall outcome.
Greg Case: But the hard metrics are literally net new, retention, rollover, and then everything sort of is derivative against that, that drives overall top line, and it cuts by the way across solution lines and then within solution lines. And by the way, a lot of Aon United is doing more with clients in risk, doing more with clients and retirement, doing more with clients and health, and then occasionally understanding their needs and their issues and thinking across our solution lines. So these are that the types of things the team is doing and we're doing more and more momentum around it.
Greg Case: And maybe one last comment, Christa because I agree the human capital business has really performed well in the second half. There are also things that are happening legislatively like the Secure Act, which actually gives opportunities especially in North America around multi-employer grouping to be able to do more efficient pension opportunities that we actually think there is great opportunity for them especially in North America going into ’20 and ‘21.
Greg Case: Yes, this is Greg. I really appreciate that because this is really at the heart of what we're trying to think about and it really is about a value conversation with our clients. No kidding, value. And in essence, if we use the example, of we cost a dollar, and we actually create value for clients that translates into $2 of value, and somebody else comes in and says, I can do what you're doing for $0.50, but it translates into $0.52. If our client understands the value, really understands by the better operating performance, stronger financial position less volatility, whatever the source of value, Brian if it's quantifiable, clients understand it. There were thrilled to pay for it, because it creates real value for them. If we don't do a great job and we're not adequate in describing the value, shame on us. Right? That's the issue. By the way, that's a high bar. And that's what Aon United is all about. How do we get a little better every year at describing value? By the way, asking ourselves, are we really providing the value if we're not investing behind it? And this is where we are back to kind of we're investing in content, intellectual capital, the CoverWallet example, [indiscernible] and these are content laden investments that we can scale the clients to create more value. We create more value and we get better at articulating it, we're going to get paid for it. And clients are going to be happier. And there are countless examples of that, Brian. We know it works. Question is how do we scale it? And that's how Aon United is different. And look, we're making a decision. We're doing some things different. What we're doing and delivering Aon United at the front line is different. It requires different behavior. What we're doing on Aon Business Services is different. It requires different behavior. Turns out that behavior has tremendous benefits for clients and great economic leverage if we can scale it. And if we do, we can continue to do, we will get better and better. But that's how we thought about it. And we've had great success at the micro level, what we want to see is more and more success over time at the macro level across the firm. And that's the essence of the evolution of Aon United.
Greg Case: And again, we don't view it as positive or negative, we viewed it sort of it is a price per unit, and we understand it and then we react to it. And we reacted on behalf of clients. So in essence, when price changes or per unit cost changes per unit of risk, we're helping clients understand how to change programs to lifetime programs Eric mentioned, this is exactly what we're built for. The data analytics we have allow us to change programs, relay our programs, bring in different markets, think about risk differently. So in essence, we're constantly adapting to that on behalf of clients. And that's what we said for us the impact on pricing was there, was evident, but it was not material.
Greg Case: You're seeing pressure here and there were there have been specific cats, where there have been specific issues over time. But remember, there's others. When you think about macro supply and demand of capital, there's a massive amount of capital out there that continues to be in the overall marketplace. So, globally across the market, a lot of capital out there. By the way, our view is ironically, there is a lot more risk out there, that’s been addressed. So there's opportunities to sort of help clients and support their needs, but there's pressure of late based on some of the things that are happening around the world and the catastrophes around the world, but net-net, we see an abundance of capital and an opportunity to help clients address their risk needs.
Greg Case: Yes, Meyer, this is broader than direct to auto. This is really sort of if you think about small companies, small businesses, and their broad based set of risk needs, how do you address those risk needs more holistically, and then how do you do it with an incredibly efficient platform underpinned by world class data and analytics. So that really is the thesis. And we've actually as I described before, we spent a great deal of time with CoverWallet in pilot mode before they actually became part of the overall Aon family. And we're quite optimistic about the opportunities here to help smaller companies succeed in ways they haven't before, understand their risk better, mitigate their risk more effectively, and that really is the essence of what CoverWallet it's about.
Greg Case: No, I think it's less about cultural impediments is more around, is there a compelling value proposition that a small business would understand, would value and would pay for. And if you get that combination, right, and I said, well, this is a great way for me to understand risk in my business, get an overall solution that's actually very cost effective that I can understand that by the way delivers when I need it, and then I get to go back and do what I do, which is run my business, we think that's going to be reasonably attractive.
Greg Case: And really Meyer, the issue or the question on reinsurance we would suggest is an annual question, it is a 2019 question, it's not the 17% in the quarter, which by the way, good, team did a great job on a smaller quarter. When you think about the 10% over the course of the year, and the root cause of that driven by - so much of that driven by net new as I described before, treaty alone explained over 60% of the difference. And I also explained, a lot of the differences are described before as did fact. And so, it really is the 10% organic for the year, which is really a powerful story. You know, and the retail market was driving more opportunities and our reinsurance colleagues were picking those up. So, all of these things are sort of happening. But to deliver 10% organic for the year was really remarkable effort by our reinsurance colleagues.
Greg Case: I just want to say thank you to everyone for joining us, and we look forward to the next quarter. Take care.
Eric Andersen: Yes, great. It is great to be here. I wanted to maybe tell a quick story to bring to light for you how this actually works in practice and I use our reinsurance business as a way to describe it. Over the last 12 months our reinsurance team has been building a center of excellence within our ABS business to provide cap modeling and advisory services in a low cost location. Now what essentially it has done is it has created a standard across the entire business around the world and it has provided professional high end analytics. It has also allowed the senior advisory team within the teams across the world to spend more time with their clients and it has provided more structuring support, more advice on how actually to approach reinsurance transactions. And so you get a better standard of information and then obviously free up the time of the teams to be able to spend more time with clients. That's driven more retention. It has driven higher new business wins and it has actually been a great value add to the client.
Eric Andersen: Yes, that information gets scaled in these by commercial clients, reinsurance clients, almost to anybody that needs that type of analytics.
Eric Andersen: Sure. Maybe, and maybe I'll start with sort of some of the market dynamics and then Mike, you can cover off some of the client pieces. I think from a market dynamics, what we're seeing is a bit of a flight to quality. In that, if you think about what we do on the insurance side for these clients, we help them on risk identification first and foremost. We then work with them on risk mitigation, which is how do they actually handle the risk without going into the market to trade it. And we've made a lot of significant investments in the data and analytics side there to help them understand their risk without actually ever going to the insurance market. And then finally, if you do go to the insurance market, our teams global access to capital, our ability to provide insight, structuring ideas, benchmarking, all of the things that we've been talking about over the last couple of years in terms of investment into the business, actually allows our teams to be able to help them manage through what is a transitioning market. And I would say, maybe one last comment before I throw it over to Mike, Greg, on the fact piece, is that the facultative business is tied pretty closely in certain parts of the world, certainly Latin America on how the primary market goes, whether it's the insurers themselves looking to transition some of their portfolio risks on an individual client basis or its clients themselves looking to access the global capital anywhere. Now as Greg said, we're going to build for it and our teams have been working really closely over the last several years to be able to effectively get ready for this moment. Mike maybe a couple of comments on what the clients are actually doing.
Eric Andersen: Yes, I think a great tangible example of it is the enterprise client group. And this is a group of client leaders within Aon across the world actually invest heavy time to understand the ins and outs of each individual client and then they work within all the solution lines to either to be able to craft products or services Greg, as you mentioned or they work together to create something different and something new to add real value to the client. So again, it's hard to quantify based on each individual solution line, but that interaction with the client really could be very special and add great value for us with that relationship.
Eric Andersen: No, there was not. I am sorry, the Q4 number was really driven by some cap bonds that actually were just expiring and we're renewing, so it was not necessarily new issuers or new buyers, but it was just traditional expiring that had to be replaced. But there was a significant amount of facultative business that essentially matches the timing by which the risk is placed either in the primary market or renewal of a fact placement. So there was no timing back and forth.
Christa Davies: Yes, so Aon Business Services has absolutely enabled us to strengthen the platform and strengthen our ability to drive margin expansion long-term. It has enabled us to drive productivity through our investments and platforms, centers of excellence and third-party partnerships. And one good example of that is, in 2019 we eliminated 600,000 hours of manual effort and also measured this in our centers of excellence and throughout third-party partnerships. And so, we're continuing to make improvement in it and it makes the sustainability of our continued margin expansion even stronger.
Christa Davies: Yes, it's a really good question Dave. And what we would say is, we're in a much stronger place in terms of margin expansion as a result of the investments we've made in restructuring in Aon Business Services in particular. And so, if you looked over the last 10 years you'd say that our average has been 70 to 80 basis points. Having said that, our gross margin expansion for the last couple of years has been way in excess of that and will be in 2020 and 2021. Having said that, we will invest significantly in growth opportunities because we've got a number of very, very attractive areas of investment and so when we're not giving forward margin guidance Dave, but what I will tell you is the gross margin expansion is significantly in excess of 70 to 80, and then really get netted by investments we make in fantastic growth areas.
Christa Davies: Yes, look it's a great question Dave, and I certainly understand the math that you're doing. However, when we think about it, we really think about it in annual savings time. So our cumulative savings in 2019 of $529 million and our cumulative savings in 2020 of $580 million, and so we're driving substantial savings year-over-year as a result of the actions we took in 2019. And so, you've got a $50 million year-over-year benefit. And obviously those restructuring savings as well as the core margin expansion drove record margins in 2019 of 27.5%, which we're extremely excited about.
Christa Davies: Delighted to do it Suneet. So we manage the firm on return on capital, cash-on-cash return. And as we look at the return on capital and all the opportunities we have, whether that's M&A investment or organic investment or debt pay down or pension contributions, return on capital of buyback is the highest return on capital across the firm. And it's really based on our discounted cash flow of the firm and the sustainability of the free cash flow outlook going forward and how much we think that's going to grow. And so, look, we definitely see attractive areas in M&A Suneet. We certainly see organic investment being extremely attractive, and some of our highest return on capital opportunities have been organic investments we've made in the firm, like the healthcare exchanges, like data analytics, like delegated investment management, big three. But what we would say is, it's really about the free cash flow growth long-term and the sustainability of that. And so our DCF values are substantially above where we're trading today which is why the return on capital buyback is still so high.
Christa Davies: The way we think about it, Suneet is, our debt to EBITDA ratio and our current investment grade rating is incredibly important to us. And as EBITDA grows and our unfunded pension liability comes down, we'll add debt keeping the leverage ratio the same. And so, really it's about making decisions on an ROIC basis, and so that could be buyback, that could be organic investment, it could be M&A, but we'll continue to keep that leverage ratio the same based on the importance of our current investment grade rating both to our clients and to our financial flexibility.
Christa Davies: So Mike, what we would say is, we don't give tax guidance going forward. As I look back historically, exclusive of the impact of discrete items, which can be positive or negative in the quarter, our historic underlying rate has been 18% for the last three years. And what you saw in the quarter Mike, was some positive discrete and the change in the geographic distribution of income. But really 17.5% for the full year, which is dangerously close to the 18% we've seen for the previous three years. The Ireland move will be concluded on the 31st of March and it's really about preserving capital structure and financial flexibility.
Christa Davies: It should be similar, yes. You're always going to have a slight difference in timing Mike between your GAAP tax rates and your cash tax rate because of settlements with tax authorities around the world. So there'll be some disconnect in timing, but in general it is the same.
Christa Davies: Yes, so Mike, let me just take the balance sheet piece and then I'll hand to Greg to the sort of more of the overall growth opportunity, which we think is fantastic. So Mike, as a company we do not take balance sheet risk. So this is in the same brokerage MGA space that we play in every single day and so, we're professional services firm. We're in the business of delivering great service to the clients and getting rewarded through performance fees, through straight fees, and through commissions and we do not take balance sheet risk in this business or in any other part of our business. But Greg, over to you on the small business opportunity, which is fantastic.
Christa Davies: Yes, great question Elyse. So it's up to $1.61 billion base for 2019, which is essentially sort of the GAAP cash flow statement, cash flow from operations less CapEx, that's your starting point. And so we’ll grow double digits in 2020 and we'll grow double digits in 2021, driven by three key things. The first is operating income growth. The second is working capital initiatives. And the third is declining uses of cash, which you see on Page 37 of the PowerPoint.
Christa Davies: And Elyse, in terms of quarterly patterning Q1 and Q4 are our strongest quarters, Q1 being our largest quarter of the year since revenue recognition and Q1 is really much more reinsurance and EMEA strong quarter and Q4 is really a U.S. Retail and Health sort of strong quarter. So there the three biggest quarters will be Q3 is our seasonally weakest quarter.
Christa Davies: Elyse, really the move to Ireland is really about maintaining a stable corporate structure and financial flexibility. It won't result in any change to Aon's current business operations. The move is really about remaining in the European Union single market. And so, it won't change any of our debt structuring internally or externally, or any of our operations.
Christa Davies: Yes Yaron, we're extremely confident about achieving double-digit growth in 2020 and 2021 and beyond. If you think about 2020 in particular you have $130 million of tailwind from legacy litigation that's flowing into 2020 for a start. And then you do have declining uses of cash of pension and restructuring into 2020 as you can see on Page 37 of the PowerPoint. So, just those two numbers alone are substantial that's before you get to strong operational improvement and working capital initiatives, which drove the majority of the growth in 2019.
Christa Davies: Absolutely right, Greg, that's where I was going to explain Brian. I think there is an enormous portfolio mix shift going on within retirement. What you really see is we divested a lower growth talent business earlier in the year that was a drag on organic through the first half of 2019. We've been investing heavily in high-growth areas like delegated investment management, which Greg talked about, which is growing double-digits for us, and in human capital, which is again growing high single to low double digits for us, and as these scale will become a bigger part of the mix in retirement overall and for Aon overall, and we're really confident that retail will become a mid-single-digit growth or greater part of our portfolio over time.
