Greg Case: Well, Andrew, let start and Eric will chime in here as well. I'll start overall, we're really pleased with how we closed the year on the growth story overall and to think about the 7% across the firm. Really strong momentum as we build into 2024. But you're right, reinsurance and health, absolutely phenomenal. Teams were absolutely terrific. And I would highlight the quarter, but also highlight the year. When you think about reinsurance across the year at 10% and health solutions at 10% double-digit, it really is a story amplified by Q4, but really across the year. And it's been highly consistent when you think about the description around the 3x3 plan and risk capital and human capital. Both of these approaches contributed to growth sort of in the context of health and reinsurance and give us great momentum as we go into 2024. But maybe Eric, a little texture on both pieces for the year and the quarter.
Greg Case: So Michael, let me step back, it's been a continuation of what we've talked about throughout the overall year. In terms of sort of where we are. And we would observe by the way, we help serve, we think about Q4, 2023 versus Q4, 2022 state on four and four. So it's sort of same year-over-year, even against this headwind. And we haven't disclosed sort of the detail on sort of the impact, but it's substantial. We've got an amazing group of colleagues, who serve this marketplace and as Eric had mentioned before on prior calls. We have doubled down and this capability. We fully anticipate this is going to come back in absolute full force. The amount of dry powder out there as you know well is extensive. We remind you it shows up in our organic, when the deal is complete. And we see lots of - we see lots of things in the pipeline as it sort of things are coming to pass. And we fully expect over the course of 2024 to see a return. But this is meaningful for us and we've been able to work at very, very strongly and maintain growth across-the-board even at the face of the segment. But Eric, what else would you add to that.
Greg Case: Jimmy, we're seeing exactly the same thing you're seeing and you're hearing about. You can imagine, this is a market where highly connected to, with clients and with all the banks, and everyone else involved in the process. And I would say there's high expectations everywhere, you'd only listened to the Investment Bank our quarterly calls, to sort of understand that. And so, we certainly see lots of potential. And as Eric described, the amount of capital on the sidelines ready to return is high and we're incredibly well-positioned to do that. But I would say, as I mentioned before, it shows up in organic for us as the deals were completed. And so, as you see that move, you can expect it's going to be fully reflected in our performance.
Greg Case: Listen - I would just open by saying that we strategically wanted to draw a line under this issue for our market partners and for ourselves. So that we were able to move forward together as partners. And so, the effort was made to come to an agreement with each of the affected parties, sorry. So that we could then continue to both one trade forward. But then also begin to work on recoveries together. And so, we see an opportunity for recoveries that will happen over-time, as the bankruptcy process runs its way through. And we're confident that we'll be able to recover meaningful amount.
Greg Case: I maybe just add Rob as well, if you think about impact as it relates to our overall performance bringing it back to Aon. We've talked about mid-single-digit or greater. We don't see anything changing that view. Again, pricing is one aspect, we talked about market impact which includes insured values in a number of other pieces that, fit into the equation. Our ability to work with clients in any type of marketplace than our advantage in doing so. And so, our view is, market will be, what it will be a series of markets as Eric just described. But our ability to deliver mid-single-digit or greater. We feel like, we're going into '24 with a lot of momentum behind.
Greg Case: I would add Elyse though, the momentum of this team in the core space, reinsurance, more broadly across risk capital, has been tremendous. And obviously, the quarter-by-quarter view is helpful. But we look at the annual view. If you think about kind of 10% for the year. That's what's really unique not saying where we're going to be next year. Other than mid-single-digit, or greater across the solution lines, which is what we - which we aspire to. And so, I think you can take away you've just heard on commercial risk momentum into 2024 and clearly as you look at reinsurance momentum into 2024, for all the reasons that Eric described in the core solution lines, but also in risk capital, don't lose this, this risk capital orientation is a big deal. It is meaningful in terms of sort of what we're doing the same on the human capital side. The connectivity across reinsurance or commercial risk creates better solutions, Eric described a couple of them already. And so for us, we feel good about the momentum going into 2004 based on the work we did the groundwork we laid in '23, on risk capital and human capital.
Greg Case: Well, if you step back, Meyer. You can step-back and say, look at the overall performance of the firm year-over-year in essence we are up to the year 6%, last year, 7% this year across the firm. We think about commercial risk. Again, we are 4% in Q4 last year was 4% in Q4 this year, even against a substantial headwind we described. And what we want you to understand in the context of that, is imagine all the things sort of behind that created that momentum in Q4 and our 2024 in the commercial risk space. We've overcome that and maintain where we were last year. So, we're very optimistic about the momentum in 2024. This category is substantial in M&A and we love it, and we are disproportionately good at it. We are unbelievably good at it from a client leadership standpoint. And so, we don't feel bad about that in the least. We love it, and we're going to double down on it. But we also continue to build-out other platforms. This year given us the opportunity to really think that through and really leverage the risk capital orientation. I would highlight I mentioned in my comments, the Property Symposium. We got a 1,000 clients and markets in the room and we bring up the property risk analyzer. And this is really a function of reinsurance, and commercial risk analytics and the power of that in the minds of a client were substantial. And so, now we've got a suite of capabilities that are going to contribute to the commercial risk and the reinsurance, as we head into 2024. So from our standpoint, what you really like you to take away and certainly our feeling and commitment is mid-single-digit or greater, the translation into OI margin improvement and as Christa described the translation into double-digit free cash flow growth. We have - never had more conviction about each of those three categories and on our delivery knows and will continue to deliver those. And the addition of NFP is only going to strengthen our free cash flow profile over time. So for us, we're always going to be cautious in our approach, but resolute and we feel very good about the momentum going into 2024.
Greg Case: And Meyer, this is Greg, this is really a great question and really work point of high emphasis. This connectivity that Christa is describing risk capital, human capital connected through, enterprise client, delivered an amplified by Aon Business Services, a big deal. Our ability to continue to drive margin improvement as we did this year with lots of investments into the business is high. And the exciting piece is connectivity on Aon Business Services, 15,000 colleagues working this interconnected into the business, is not just continued margin improvement, which you saw, but also the capability to really create outcomes that really drive clients innovation options that they didn't have before as well as service enhancements, they didn't have before. And so, these pieces all come together to sort create this integrated view, which really give us great confidence around not only top-line growth, but also margin improvement and the implications on free cash flow.
Greg Case: So I'll say, we don't do the profit commission. So that's not true for us. And so that's not in our portfolio. But I would say in terms of what's happening in that marketplace, I do think it does reflect some pressure that the insurers are seeing, especially on the casualty side. I would say on the financial line side, it's probably more a question of just supply and demand where a lot of new capital into the market as company. [technical difficulty] yes you just seeing price competition versus any prior loss problems. But I think the casualty piece with medical inflation they call it social inflation, is affecting their prior reserves. So, but it will not have an impact on us from that perspective.
Greg Case: Again. I would just reinforce the point Charlie around sort of as Christa described overall margin, our ability to sort of drive margin across the firm. We've got a very long track-record of being able to do that over the last decade plus. And we have enhanced our ability to do that with Aon Business Services. And so, we are excited about adding growth as it also helps us deliver on margin. You don't see us really make that trade-off. We really do both. And in the profile is ahead of us to do exactly that. And we would absolutely see as our 3x3 plan fits together, but M&A is going to be and IPO is going to be a fundamental part of that, and we're excited to have that growth come back.
Greg Case: Thanks very much. I would like to add a couple of thoughts as we close today, just picking up Eric and Christa, on some of the comments that have been made throughout the call, which has been very, very helpful. Just reiterate a couple of things. First reflect on the track-record we've had delivering on the strategic initiatives and external commitments and think about it included in a number of significant acquisitions and divestitures. And a history of successfully executing around the restructuring programs, and that brings us to where we are today, which you can tell from our enthusiasm we're very excited about. You think about the 3x3 plan each component of our strategy and the execution plan here, are fully aligned totally connected. If you think about Eric described today risk capital and human capital and the capability that comes together with that, the client response of this has been exceptional. As we continue to build that it's now connected completely, through our ability to deliver that into the field, enterprise clients and Aon client leadership model fully connected. And this amplification on Aon Business Services came up a few times today. We'd encourage you to really dig in and understand the power of what this really means 15,000 colleagues in this group well beyond the efficiency that Christa described, which you saw in '23 OI margin of 31.6%. It's really the ability to deliver better content in a better service experience that, combination really is extremely it's exciting for us in terms of what it means for Aon, and for our clients. And as Eric described it really you think about sort of NFP, the opportunity in NFP is there, because of their great capability and awesome operating platform and our Aon Business Services capability. And again we bring all that together with the $900 million investment to accelerate that do that over three years across the 3x3 plan with what do we are taking more time. So, I just want to highlight as the questions come together, we really connected in our mind and really put us in a unique position, to execute against our overall plan and deliver great momentum in '24, '25 and '26. So just want to end with a summary, and say thanks to everyone for being part of the call today. And look forward to our discussion next time.
Eric Andersen: Sure, Greg. It's a great question. And just to reaffirm, just a fantastic team operating really on fire. I would say on Q4, to go to your question, there was record cat bond issuance for the quarter, but we also had very strong growth in Treaty and Fac. So across the board, good. And I would say that the trends that we have been seeing over the last couple of years, I think have an opportunity to continue. Certainly, whether it's climate change, whether it's casualty uptick in terms of lost costs, whether it's opportunities from a profitability standpoint that, our insurers are dealing with from their own books of business. The need for data analytics, the need for capital support as a position, their primary businesses are all still there. And it's a global answer. So, we're seeing it in Europe and Asia Pacific, as well as strength in North America and the U.K. So, we're really optimistic about the business, and feel like it's really well positioned.
Eric Andersen: Listen, we having same thing, right? We had great wins in the core health and benefit business. And as you mentioned, the consumer business across the globe, whether led by EMEA, U.K., U.S., and it really was new logos for us on core health and benefits. I think on the consumer side, the ability to offer unique products, to the consumer part of our corporate clients, is really a strength of the firm and those products evolve. And I think they're meeting the needs of the individual consumer. And we also see that as an opportunity to continue to grow.
Eric Andersen: Greg, I think you described it perfectly, just maybe one little bit of color. This week, for example, we held a conference where we had 400 members of the private-equity community, the corporate M&A, Corp Dev teams, the insurance markets, the reps and warranties, tax indemnity, and we essentially were going through the marketplace. Just from a growth standpoint, but also from a product innovation standpoint, recognizing that as the deals return and they will. We want to make sure we're well situated with the clients with the markets, making sure the products are fit-for-purpose, and are evolving to meet the needs, not just here in the US, but in Europe and other places. Where, when it returns we have made that commitment, we want to hold the team so that, we're ready and front and center when the deals start to happen.
Eric Andersen: Yes, sure Greg. I think certainly strong retention, strong new business, both in North America and around the world and the commercial risk business is important. But maybe I'll use it as an opportunity to show the connectivity between sort of the risk capital framework. And maybe I'll talk about the cat bonds that, I know you wanted to get some airtime on. We did the first-ever cyber cat bond in the quarter, which was a great opportunity for the - for our team working with one of our insurance company clients, to take the systemic cyber risks and get it into the capital markets, which does two things. It actually allows the insurer to open up the amount of limit they provide the clients, which was something that our clients were looking for. And it also appropriately values in places that type of systemic risk into the right capital source. But the point of it is, we were then able to take that ILS structure, using the data and analytics that we did to build it, and used it to do an ILS structure for one of the largest corporates in Europe who was looking for traditional sort of cyber program, but wasn't able to get the limit they wanted. So, taking something that we did for an insurer, using the data and analytics and structuring, bringing it to a large corporate and maybe finishing it, because Greg I know you mentioned NFP in your opening comments just to tie it through, able to take the same data and analytics that we use to build the cat bond and the corporate structure to actually power the side [ph] cue product that is built for the middle-market, which then attaches a risk transfer product to it. So, again using data and analytics on one topic, just cyber actually to drive growth in reinsurance in commercial risk and ultimately in the middle-market, part of the commercial risk segment. So, that's what's driving the retention. That's what's driving the strong new business, and I think those opportunities exist for us across multiple areas.
Eric Andersen: Maybe I'll take a stab at that one. Thanks for the question. Listen, there's been explosive growth in the wholesale market over the last or the E&S market over the last five to seven years. They are on the magnitude of tenfold, there's a lot that's driving and, whether it's the lawsuit. But you see in the property market, whether it's regulatory pressure on pricing and forms and there's a lot to it. We have consolidated our wholesale relationships. So that we're actually working in partnership to get access, to those to that capital when we needed for our clients. Some of our competitors do own wholesalers and that's the way they chose, to enter into the marketplace. So it's something we always looked at, but we like where we are today. And we like the. We like the relationships that we have with our major partner [ph] as we need. That marketplace tends to flex up and down with different market cycles. And so, I would say right now, it is based on the challenging market conditions, especially in the property area. It's significant, a significant growth, but it will ebb and flow overtime.
Eric Andersen: So I think a number of people have commented on it during this earning season. I would say that we're probably heading towards a market where it's more of a series of markets where you see price competitive - price competitiveness in certain areas, where new capital has drawn in D&O for example, would be one that's been called out. You also see challenges still in certain parts of property and people are a little worried about casualty as social inflation from nuclear verdicts have kind of hit the wires. And they're worried about prior year reserves. So, I think rather than just a rising market for all what we're going to see over '24 and '25, it's going to be very product specific and very risk specific, which is something that I think plays well to us, because it allows to use our teams in our analytics, to able to help them think through, how they either want to trade, or manage the risks. And so, but I think that's where we see the market going in '24 and '25.
Eric Andersen: Christa, the only thing I would add, I mentioned it before, is stronger business growth, strong retention, and rollover for our clients in North America and around the world. So, the underpinnings of the business continue to be very strong.
Eric Andersen: Maybe I'll take that one, Greg. Listen, I think there was certainly adequate capital to get the client needs done for the one-one renewals then that's predominantly Europe and parts of North America, recognizing the Florida and Asia-Pacific tend to be April and June of the year. I would also say, part of the risk capital strategy is how do, we actually deploy reinsurance capability into either commercial risk or new sectors. And so, I'll just to give you an example. It's kind of early days, but I spent some time in Dubai at the COP conference, and we spent a lot of time working with various government entities, around how you bring reinsurance structure and capability, to help mitigate the effects of climate - changing climate. And so, that is core reinsurance data analytics structurally and global access to capital, to a whole new sector of potential clients. And so, I do think it's certainly the main of the business continues to be serving insurance companies. But there is opportunity outside of that space, to drive new growth for us in what you would consider core reinsurance capability. So that Elyse and you think about FAC, you think about investment banking ILS markets and being able to use that capital for corporates. And so, it's a very creative group that is well-coordinated with our commercial risk clients in the risk capital framework. And so, we do see opportunities for continued growth in that space over the coming period.
Christa Davies: I mean, reinforcing exactly what you said, Greg, we allocate capital-based return on capital. We definitely, based on the free cash flow outlook in 2024 in the long-term, see we are significantly undervalued. And we will disproportionately allocate that free cash flow, to buyback in 2024. But we do have a great M&A pipeline, Andrew, to your question, in areas like data analytics. If you think about the acquisition of Tyche, a fantastic acquisition of the data analytics space in areas like health, as Eric highlighted. And so, there are a number of areas that are front and center for clients in terms of meeting their emerging challenges.
Christa Davies: And Andrew, the thing I would say is, it's all about return on capital. And so, given how undervalued we are, buyback is the top of the list. And for us to invest in M&A, it's got to be buyback. And so, we'll continue to look at everything and there's certainly some terrific opportunities out there, but we'll continue to be very, disciplined on return on capital.
Christa Davies: So, thanks so much for the question, Jack. We do continue to manage the portfolio actively. These are businesses that we are divesting. And so, we think about this is just a better representation of our revenue, and business going forward. It is in commercial risk and we communicated the 1% impact in Q4, and for the full-year.
Christa Davies: Yes, thanks so much for the question. So firstly, I'd reiterate your point, which is we are incredibly confident in the long-term free cash flow growth of double-digits. I'm extremely excited about how NFP accelerates the long-term free cash flow growth of Aon, adding $300 million in free cash flow in 2026 and $600 million free cash flow in 2027. And look, as we think about free cash flow in 2024, we haven't given specific guidance. But here's how I think about it. We expect to grow free cash flow driven by operating income growth and improvements in working capital. We do expect ongoing cash tax headwinds. We've communicated the restructuring program, but we haven't given specific guidance around the timing of the cash impact, and we've talked about the impacts of NFP. We don't expect to incur material costs before close. And we've said, we would expect to incur $12.5 million of negative interest carry expenses per quarter until deal close following the transaction-related debt issuance. We said CapEx will grow in-line with the business from $252 million in 2023. We've communicated legal settlements and as Eric just said, expect those to flow through over the next several years known - there will be meaningful recoveries. Ultimately, we expect to deliver underlying free cash flow growth. And we're targeting double-digits as we move past the negative impact of restructuring and NFP, very excited about the long-term double-digit free cash flow trajectory of Aon. Lastly in 2024, we do expect a disproportionate, majority of the free cash flow to be allocated to buyback given we're operating on a return on capital basis, and we are substantially undervalued today.
Christa Davies: So reinsurance is a similar margin business to all of our businesses, which is why we operate Aon as one segment Meyer. And one of the things we would say, part of our Aon United strategy is, we are bringing together a lot of the back-office technology, operations and shared service functions into Aon Business Services, which is enabling our focus on common and shared operations, technology platforms at scale, and then product innovation at-scale. And so, we're really operating more-and-more the firm in one segment with risk capital, human capital, enterprise client and Aon Business Services.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much for the question. And we agree, we operate in very different segments, with very limited overlap and we fully expect to close in mid '24, we have modeled the deal very conservatively with a mid '25 close. And that is off being conservative financially.
Christa Davies: So, Aon and NFP operate in highly competitive markets. And most importantly, the purpose of this transaction is to grow Aon's presence in the fast growing middle-market segment. And so, we do not see overlap and we again expect the deals closed mid '24.
