Greg Case: Sure, happy to do that, Sarah. As we described, first of all, remember, this is our -- Q3 is our smallest quarter sort of over the course of the year heading into our strongest quarter, the fourth quarter. I talked about it, strong comparable from the Q3 last year of 4%, and essentially said, the timing was really showing up in Q1 and Q3. So, we don’t expect anything coming back in Q4. But, what we really try to highlight is kind of -- if you look at our results, not just in commercial risk but really overall and kind of the year-to-date perspective, this is really where we think sort of as a best assessment overall in terms of where we are, and this we essentially said. If we think year-to-date Q3 ‘15, ‘16, ‘17, we have gone from 2% in ‘15 to 3% in ‘16, 3% in ‘17, and we believe we can continue to accelerate that over time. We see Q3 as a little of a anomaly in the context of all that.
Greg Case: Pricing piece, I thought you might forget that. [Multiple speakers] Listen, on the pricing side, obviously a lot’s been written and talked about. Our view is -- look, there is just a -- continues to be a tremendous amount of uncertainty out there. The ultimate losses, unclear kind of where they all shake out from time to time, just look at the ranges sort of been published, they’ve been astronomical in terms of sort of how they’ve come in. I would say, from our standpoint, look, we still sit in a very well capitalized industry overall. We described while substantial, more of an earnings event versus a balance sheet event in terms of sort of where we’re over time. But I would highlight from Aon’s perspective, we see this very much on a client by client basis. We’ve invested in substantial data and analytics over time to put us in what we believe is a great position to help our clients, particularly in these kinds of environments. If you look at what we do with Aon Client Treaty for example, these are the types of investments that, frankly, reduce risk work for clients and create opportunity for them. From our standpoint, it’s going to play out over time. Sarah, there is no specific answer at this point. And we’re going to take it client by client as it evolves over time.
Greg Case: I might add to that, Dave. If you look at it -- Christa just highlighted really Q3 year-to-date results, Q3 2017, if you did the exact same question in Q2, we’re better against each one of those metrics, as you go from Q2 to Q3. So, it’s plus 14, as Christa described and year-to-date Q3, the year-to-date Q2 was up 12%, we’re up a 170 basis points year-to-date Q3, that was a 160 basis points year-to-date Q2, up 17% EPS that same number was 15% in Q2. So, it’s actually a nice progression. And as we described it, don’t overplay, but a quarter of progress in terms of where we’re. And what you’re seeing is really core performance and operating leverage increasing as we continue to invest in the global business services platform.
Greg Case: From our standpoint, listen, we’ve actually done, 19 acquisitions signed closed year-to-date and as Christa described, over a $1 billion committed on the M&A front. We see, again, real opportunities here to add content capability to the overall portfolio. As you’ve heard us say multiple times, so I’ll repeat it here again today, we take a very, very disciplined approach to this. Christa has put in place a return on invested capital framework, cash on cash return; nothing gets through that framework. And in essence, the benchmark is buyback, which we believe is a very, very attractive investment. But, when we find opportunities that exceed buyback, we invest in those. And there is a very substantial robust pipeline, lots of opportunities out there and we see these as kind of add-on acquisitions to the Aon family that content capability that we can scale. Townsend is a terrific example of that and UMG’s [ph] a terrific example of that, Admix in Latin America is a terrific example of that. So, lots of different opportunities for us out there and you’ll continue to see us invest along the framework I described.
Greg Case: And we really like, Adam, is -- not only do we like the financial characteristics but what drives that is really the underlying client capability and content characteristics. And each of those bring a unique capability to the table on our behalf and we are going to -- we can then see that across the firm. And this is back to the idea of the catalyst, which is really the -- if we saw the outsourcing business, it generates another level of investment we can put back into the business, both on the acquisition side as well as investing in global business services across Aon to strengthen the firm. So, it really is we think unique opportunity over the coming two to three years, when we think about capital deployment.
Greg Case: First of all, Mike, I would just step back. As I described when Sarah asked her question at the beginning, for us, a lot of uncertainty out there in terms of what’s going on. That means there is uncertainty for our clients and that is actually the wheelhouse of Aon. The content capability, analytics we have invested in over time, it literally puts us in a tremendous position. Our clients understand risk, measure risk and mitigate risk. And that’s really what we are doing. I want to also emphasize, the investment we are making back into the firm is a substantial investment. It involves restructuring but it is also investment in a number of areas to strengthen our firm, in technology, things we are doing on the real estate front to create greater client areas to bring our colleagues together. So, a lot is going on across Aon. But it is all fundamentally to make Aon stronger engine, a stronger firm to serve clients. So, I’d go the exact opposite. What we are doing to strengthening our firm, support clients over time and this is another example of a very high stress time for clients, so we can be helpful to them. So, I see exactly the opposite. To us, this is an opportunity to invest to strengthen the firm. And that’s in fact exactly what we are doing.
Greg Case: Quite the reverse. Again, I think our team is fully focused on clients 24x7 and that’s what Aon is all about, so don’t see any concern there at all.
Greg Case: It’s a terrific question. And we’ve talked about that -- the industry has talked about that. These types of events highlight literally sort of individuals and companies that are quite literally uncovered in sort of events and times of trauma. I would say, at Aon, we think about it a little bit differently from a kind of a protection gap. Because if you think about this from the side of a client or an individual customer, we’re essentially saying, we have a gap out there in order for you to actually be in a better position, just buy more of our product. We look at it differentially. We look at it literally as, think about, how capital gets deployed, are there more efficient ways to deploy across the risk spectrum, and we believe there actually is. And there is different products and innovations that come with that. And so, our view is, when you think about kind of the world of risk out there and you recognize sort of how little the penetration is around the world, there is just tremendous opportunities to actually strengthen and build upon that, not just the existing risk like flood which is an obvious one but the new risk like cyber. I mean, again, if you think about cyber right now, there was $450 billion of loss in the U.S. last year, or reported loss in cyber and $2.5 billion or $3 billion in premium. The laws in Europe, which are going to come into effect in May, June of 2018 are going to create another wave of reported loss. How we respond to that to support clients is really a function of how we innovate as an industry. It is also true for the more straightforward coverages like flood and which we got to respond with innovation that actually make that more attractive, different than the current product we’ve got right now. So, we believe there is a very strong set of opportunities to increase the penetration, really serve clients more effectively as they understand, measure, and mitigate risk, but it’s going to require our industry to innovate in order to make that happen.
Greg Case: Again, we look at it -- we do see a substantial growth fully driven by client needs. So, I mean, again, if you think about literally just the $450 billion of reported loss from the U.S., virtually -- I’m saying U.S. because most of it was U.S. reported, that begs the question, is there just no cyber in Europe? Obviously, there is. So, why is it so much smaller? It’s a function of the laws, those are going to change. Therefore, cyber is going to go a number which is some -- many multiples of that. So, we see tremendous opportunity to help clients understand and deal with cyber. And it’s been a source of growth for us, will continue to be a source of growth for us. We’re privileged to be the largest place for this around the world and we’re doubling down our investment in it. Having said that, our industry including Aon, need to continue to innovate on behalf of clients on this category. So, we see this as a substantial opportunity because it’s a substantial source of risk for our clients.
Greg Case: I just want to thank everybody for being part of the call today, and look forward to our conversation next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: I think about this on a year-to-date basis because I think quarter-to-quarter, it’s a little lumpy Dave. And frankly, Q3 is our seasonally smallest quarter. And so, if you look at it year-to-date, you can see that OI is up 14% or $183 million. If you look at that $183 million, $109 million of it came from restructuring and $74 million of it came from core operational improvement. So, you’ve basically got 60% of the growth in OI from restructuring savings before reinvestment and 40% of it from core organic revenue growth and margin expansion. So, we feel really good about the operating income growth for the year, and margins for the year are up 170 basis points. So, we’re very pleased with the progress so far.
Christa Davies: Dave, we are exactly on track with the program estimates and we feel really good about the progress so far.
Christa Davies: Yes. I think that’s right, Adam. And I guess, what I would say is, as you look at sort of the $2.4 billion, $850 million of it is committed to the M&A we did in the quarter. We did publicly announce those two deals, Townsend and UMG. So, you have $1.6 billion left plus Q4 free cash flow going into 2018.
Christa Davies: Yes. We haven’t given that number. But, what we can say is that the after tax proceeds from the sale of the outsourcing assets were approximately $3 billion.
Christa Davies: We do expect to close both Townsend and UMG in the coming months. We won’t be more specific about timing than that. And they are very attractive businesses. They are high growth, they are high margin and they are high free cash flow generation. And that’s really -- that fits with the overall story of how we are evolving the portfolio. We’re exiting lower growth, lower margin, lower free cash flow generation businesses, and we’re disproportionately investing. And that’s what you have seen in the over $1 billion of M&A that we have committed year-to-date and we are very excited about that.
Christa Davies: Yes, we can. And so, what you are seeing, due to the investments we have made in higher growth, higher margin areas over the last few years, our investments in Aon United operating model is we can grow margin at low rates of growth. And so, as Greg said, we do expect to accelerate growth based on the investments we have made. And that’s where you should expect accelerating margin expansion.
Christa Davies: So, really the impact of 2018 revenue recognition accounting changes is largely immaterial to full year revenue and margin; it’s really going to change the timing by quarter. There will be a significant re-phasing of quarterly revenue within a given year, particularly within reinsurance solutions, but there will be immaterial changes to full year 2018. The other thing I would note is at our Q4 full year 2017 earnings day, we will actually restate 2016 full year and 2017 full year by quarter to give you that detail for the benefit of shareholders.
Christa Davies: Yes. So, Elyse, we would say that the margin growth year-to-date of a 170 basis points is really across the whole of Aon. It’s driven by strong growth in each of the five new revenue lines we have margin expansion in each of those areas, and then, underpinned by the investments we are making in the Aon United operating model and the savings we are driving from that. So, it isn’t disproportionately driven by any particular area of the business.
Christa Davies: Elyse, we would say we are exactly on track. As I said earlier in the call, we will certainly update at year-end. But, we would say, we are exactly on track with -- to deliver $150 million this year, $300 million next year and $400 million the year after. And we feel very good about the progress.
Christa Davies: Yes. I mean, what I would say, Elyse, is we have returned, as Greg said, over $2 billion to shareholders year-to-date between buyback and dividends. And we have done $2 billion of buyback roughly so far this year, and we have committed $1 billion to M&A so far this year. I think what you will see in Q4 is more M&A and more buybacks. And it’s all driven by return on capital. As you think about the amount we can deploy, whether it’s on buyback or an M&A, you have got $2.4 billion on the balance sheet with the M&A spend committed of 850, so you’re left with $1.6 billion cash on the balance sheet, plus Q4 free cash flow generation, which is our seasonally strongest quarter of the year. And so, we are very excited about the opportunity to invest in organic opportunities, in M&A, and our highest return on capital opportunity across Aon remains share repurchase.
