Gregory C. Case: Adam, it actually looks exceptionally positive. We are very pleased with the investment in Europe, as I described, but that really is continuing to complement an already strong foundation we have in capability in workday implementation. And it's gone exceptionally well. And to describe sort of the opportunities here for clients, it's greater flexibility, great platform, modifications over time, evolution, innovation, brings a lot of things to the table on behalf of clients that are quite beneficial, and we're very excited about it. So very positive trajectory.
Gregory C. Case: It really is a more continual ramp up as you bring them online and service them over time. And it had an impact on the quarter as – and will have on the year as we continue to succeed in the business.
Gregory C. Case: Well, the public side has evolved as you watched in the press over time. As we've focused on the private side of the business, it's gone exceptionally well. It really does complement a broad-based set of health solutions that we have and we've had some and continue to have significant wins, both on the active and the retiree side. And we saw a little bit of off cycle in the Q1, this report, but that's going to, as I said, going to even out and really show up in the fourth quarter over time and will really normalize at that point.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. Just to sort of parse the questions. The first question was around literally the workday implementation in Cloud and the implications and how it's going to evolve over time, as that was coming online. The second – which will show up in the year – and the second was, what showed up in the first quarter, which was on the retiree exchange, some really follow-on applications that happened in the first quarter from our fourth quarter work last year. And that's going to continue to ramp up over time. And what you've seen on the exchange business for us is as part of our overall health solutions capability, that's just continuing to build and will continue to do so. It still will continue to be fourth quarter dominated as it comes online, and we'll just continue to see very, very good progress in that.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. The pipeline continues to be very strong. A lot of great conversations across the board on both the active exchange and retiree exchange. And as I described in my comments, the impact here has been substantial. In particular, the impact on, for us, the employee satisfaction levels have been exceptionally high, the opportunity to actually bend the cost curve, very, very positive from that standpoint. And we just have been very, very fortunate in terms of sort of our client wins and how that's evolved over time, and we'll report out in the third quarter as we complete the season. But we continue to make progress.
Gregory C. Case: Well, we really saw across the board really, not just in Europe but also across the Americas if you think about sort of as I described before, retention levels in U.S. Retail were exceptionally high, 93% almost near record levels. And then Europe also reflects very, very high retention levels. And then efforts we've done around Client Promise, the implementation of how we actually support and serve clients, introduce new ideas to clients as their needs change over time. And this has all been against a backdrop of the challenging pricing environment and an overall economic environment that's challenged. But from our standpoint, we view the opportunities in Europe and in the Americas as quite strong, quite positive and our capability to serve them is quite high. And that's really what's driven new business growth, what's driven retention and what's driven the results. And our view is we're going to continue to grow and build the business as we have for the last decade every year, irrespective of the headwinds and that includes all the aforementioned, FX, our interest rates or economic conditions or pricing.
Gregory C. Case: So, Brian, we would say we continue to make very good progress and reflected in the performance as we grow and improve margin over time and what we've done on the data and analytics efforts here really is helping markets, really our market partners understand and improve their return on invested capital and that's really fundamentally what GRIP is able to help us do. And we've got 35 plus carriers who have actually signed on to this and fundamentally it helps them succeed in the business and we're essentially helping them match their capital with our demand in a more efficient and effective way and that's what the data and analytics has helped us do. So it's progress. We're strengthening the relationships as they evolve in that area and watch and see data and analytics will continue to be a stronger and stronger part of our value proposition. It's complemented by the Singapore Innovation Center and the Dublin Innovation Centers which we've brought online. And you see it show up in the marketplace in areas like the Risk Insight platform, like Review, which we've done on the reinsurance side very, very strong, very, very positive and this is an area of substantial investment for Aon. And in many respects we believe we've got an unprecedented level of data but we need to translate that into true insight and action for our clients, and if our clients can take that data and insight and improve operating performance, strengthen their balance sheet or reduce volatility, we provided something to the market no one else can do and we believe that's distinctive. That is sustainable and that's going to create value for them and for us.
Gregory C. Case: Yeah. We've done a number of different things to again come back to add value for clients and help them understand it and get paid for that and do the same on the market side. So in the overall environment, this all translates and shows up in the Risk Solutions margin which we would say we're going to continue to improve in 2015 just as we did in 2014 and 2013 as we march toward our 26%. So you'll see us actually drive – taking – pulling a number of different levers to do that, this being one of them.
Gregory C. Case: Well, we would – look back, we are going to continue to make investments to sort of build and strengthen the business. As we said before, we want to do this while at the same time making meaningful progress and improving risk brokerage margin, marching toward the 26%. And so we're going just to keep doing that. And the investments actually happened across the business. They've happened on the Retail side of the business as we've invested in data and analytics as I described before, the Singapore Innovation Center, our Dublin Innovation Center, these are very, very substantial investments for us, which drive the Risk Insight Platform on the Retail side. We've invested in new product ideas in Structured Portfolio Solutions, a whole series of things we've done fundamentally to strengthen the value proposition that we provide to clients. If they understand it and it provides value in their business, we're going to – it's going to help improve Aon's performance. We've made equal and substantial investments across the Reinsurance side of the portfolio as well, and we continue to do that. And while certainly well publicized, Reinsurance is under some pressure given capital coming into the marketplace and pricing dynamics, particularly in the cat business, we love the business. We love what we're doing on the Reinsurance side. Our capability to help insurers improve their return on invested capital and their performance we believe is high and even unprecedented from an Aon Benfield standpoint. We're number one in treaty, we're number one in fac, we're number one in capital markets and the things we do around – with new capital coming in the industry. And so you're going to see us continue to invest. There is not a – it's not a high or a low, it's a steady set of investments we make over time that we believe will help us build the business, and we're going to continue to do that. While at the same time, we are very clear, we need to overcome headwinds that are out there, as we've done over time. This year, we're talking about FX. In previous years, it might have been interest rates or might have been the economy or it might have been pricing. We're going to overcome those, grow margin and invest in the business for the long term.
Gregory C. Case: This fundamentally, Dan, comes back to Brian's question around margin and this idea of operational leverage. It's very important as you think about our performance versus the rest of the world right now. These investments we're making, fundamentally, give us the ability to both strengthen our franchise, which is really what we have to do, but also with the operating leverage accompanying the investments around data and analytics in particular, we can improve margin at lower levels of organic growth. By the way, it's not to mean we're focused on lower levels. We have high aspirations on growing the business. But the operational leverage in the business continues to grow.
Gregory C. Case: It was. There's really, in many respects there's really no real new news here from the standpoint, this is just the current existing set of clients we brought online and we just had a few of the enrollments move over to the first quarter. It's going to – relatively small and this will balance itself out by Q4 and as we go forward. And it really is a little bit of off-cycle with that as well.
Gregory C. Case: Well top line it really was. We had a strong comparable quarter so that's a little bit of what was going on from that standpoint, a little bit of timing. But when you think about the capital coming in, we don't want to minimize that. There's still tremendous capital coming in, $60 billion plus sort of come into the market right now. We anticipate more over time. We, again, see lots of opportunity with that. I would just highlight in a little bit of the dynamics that as the treaty pricing comes down it looks more, it looks like more attractive relative to capital markets. So there's a little bit less of a – a little bit more of a balance than there was before. I wouldn't overplay it but we saw a little bit of that show up in the quarter.
Gregory C. Case: But you really are highlighting an area that as you think about the new news over the last 12 months to 18 months it really is the projections and the perspectives around how we're going to be able to build free cash flow in addition to what we do from an operating standpoint. And the move to $2.3 billion by 2017, as Christa highlights, is a substantial, substantial improvement. Another doubling since 2012, which we believe really underscores the power of the franchise.
Christa Davies: Yeah. You're right. It did improve 10 basis points on an underlying basis. We did see some timing between Q1 and Q2, Brian, and what we would say is that the first half is going to be down exactly in line with guidance and the second half up in operating income to grow overall operating income and margin for the full year.
Christa Davies: I guess what we would say is, because of the investments we've made in data analytics, as Greg described, there's less of an organic revenue growth number we need to expand margins. I would note that in calendar year 2009, in the depth of the economic recession, organic revenue growth for us was minus 1% and we expanded margins. Having said that, if you look at our expense base, the primary expense we have in the business is people, and there is an inherent inflationary push, let's call it 2%, on that expense base, and so that is absolutely a challenge we acknowledge. But we also see that the return on the significant investments we've made in data and analytics, allows us to expand margin in lower-growth environments.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So FX is coming in a little bit higher in terms of the impact than we previously guided because since we guided last time, the euro, in particular, has declined versus the U.S. dollar. What we did say, Elyse, is that we'll have a modest unfavorable impact in each quarter in the balance of the year, most significantly in Q2 and Q3.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So we're not giving specific guidance, Elyse, but what we would say is as you think about our free cash flow sort of growth, it's going to be substantial in the rest of the year. And obviously it's been significant in Q1 already and we expect to grow free cash flow for the year. And as EBITDA continues to grow we're very focused on our investment grade rating but we would continue to increase debt in line with EBITDA growth. And so if you think about sort of the overall cash we then have to deploy, we use a return on capital basis to deploy across all forms of capital usage and share repurchase is definitely the highest return on capital we observe at this time. And so we'll continue to deploy capital based on that.
Christa Davies: So, Michael, what we can say is that the FX impact by quarter for the rest of the year will be substantially less than what we observed in Q1. It's going to be a modest unfavorable impact in Q2, Q3 and Q4, primarily in Q2 and Q3.
Christa Davies: Michael, as we've said previously, 19% is the right operational rate for the company going forward. We do believe it's sustainable, and that's the operational rate we're using for the company going forward. So we would expect that to be the best guide for you to use. Things that could impact it going forward are discrete tax adjustments, and they could be positive or negative in any one quarter. But we would expect that 19% is the underlying operational rate for the company.
Christa Davies: Yeah. And so look, one way to think about it is if you've added up the numbers we've invested in healthcare exchanges, call it about $100 million. And so if you wanted to take that out of the current base it would improve operational margins by about 200 basis points is one way to think about it. But obviously the return on that investment is going to be significant over time. We obviously mentioned that we made a loss in that business in 2014 and that we would continue to improve returns on it each year going forward. If you think about the improvement in operating income we made in both calendar year 2013 and 2014 in the HR Solutions business, we're clearly overcoming a significant investment we're making in healthcare exchanges by the growth in our Consulting business, which is exceptionally strong, particularly around, as Greg described, pension de-risking and investment consulting as well as the improvement in the rest of our Outsourcing business. So those two things are improving whilst we're continuing to make investments in exchanges.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Here's what I would say and I did say this last quarter. As we think about the investment we've made in exchanges, it's really an operating expense. It's not a capital expense that's one time. It's really people and technology. And so you should think about that $100 million level as the right ongoing level going forward. And then it's really about incremental revenue and to drive an improved return on that underlying operating expense because we would say that we've largely scaled the exchanges at the end of 2014. And from here we're now going to add incremental revenue and incremental cost as we bring new clients on but not those sort of significant investments we've made historically.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So what we would say is it is obviously very lumpy and we in our sort of budgeting process model it at zero because we're essentially – it should be zero unless we monetize unproductive capital or sell a business which we deem as lower return or less of a strategic fit to Aon which is what you saw in the quarter. And so I would say the $19 million of gains I would say is lumpy and almost impossible to model so we do model that internally at zero. The $23 million of FX impact on our assets and liabilities and foreign currency and the hedging gain, I would say I net that myself against the $53 million of FX impact on operating income we had, say we had a net impact of minus $30 million on our business in terms of operating income from FX. So I guess I view it as two different ways if that makes sense to you.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Look, I wouldn't over-rotate (47:48) on one quarter. As you correctly observe, we had the most significant FX impact in Q1, and we're going to have a lot smaller FX impact through the balance of the year, so I'd focus much more on the full year. And we do expect significant EPS growth for the full year. As you've seen, we've done 16% EPS growth CAGR over the last 10 years and so we feel really good about the earnings growth of calendar year 2015 and beyond. And obviously and most importantly about how that translates through to free cash flow. We're going to see substantial free cash flow growth in 2015 on track to our $2.3 billion in free cash flow for the full year 2017.
Christa Davies: Yes. So again, I wouldn't sort of like over-project on one quarter. I would note that in Q1 2014 we did utilize cash on the balance sheet at year-end 2013 which was much higher than normal, and so we had about $300 million, almost $400 million of excess cash on the balance sheet at year-end 2013 which contributed to higher than normal share repurchase in Q1 2014.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So as we think about free cash flow growth for calendar year 2015, we think there are four major contributors to it. The first is improvement in operating income and that's obviously driven by revenue growth and margin expansion. The second is decreased contributions to pension and restructuring. The third is improvements in working capital. And the fourth is declining taxes. And so as we think about those for the full year, Josh, we look then again to sort of the growth in free cash flow for the quarter of – free cash flow grew $140 million. And the two biggest contributors to that free cash flow growth for the quarter were pension and restructuring contributions declining by $89 million and working capital improvements of $63 million. And then to answer your specific question about working capital in 2014, I would note that we had substantial improvement in working capital in 2013 and that really created a headwind for 2014. And as you said it's a continued progress and we expect to have substantial cash flow growth from all four metrics as we drive towards the $2.3 billion in free cash flow for 2017.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, we obviously think it was a strong performance in terms of working capital. As we look at that $63 million we're looking at three lines on the balance sheet, our cash flow, receivables, payables, and other assets and liabilities. But we really think about cash flow growth for the full-year and so we're looking at substantial free cash flow growth for the full-year 2015.
Christa Davies: Look, we will continue to expect that we will improve cash flow from receivables and payables. We haven't given specific guidance.
