Gregory C. Case: Adam, the pension opportunity, as the laws have sort of shifted and changed a bit, particularly, the Highway Bill, as I mentioned, created a number of different opportunities to support clients with demand. There was some influence on the quarter, but it will happen over time as we help clients sort of react to the situation. But overall, the business has just done very, very well. It's on a very, very good trajectory, but not an undue [ph] influence in the quarter but just will happen over time.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, I think it really is an indication of just the change that happens in this segment and just continues to happen. As you think about sort of the whole world around pensions and sort of what's going on, sort of in that context, clients continuing to have to react to different regulatory changes. And whether it's the Highway Bill we described before, in Montreal, there was a change in regulation that also impacted overall, so this is basically U.S., Canada. The U.K. is also seeing regulatory change. These sorts of changes are exactly what our clients have to react to and what we're very well equipped to help them support, and that drives fundamental demand in the business, and that will actually influence and help us and help our clients, not only in '14, but in '15 and '16 and beyond.
Gregory C. Case: Well, we would say, look, Adam, fundamentally, we are very pleased with the progress we made around -- what is our mission here is a health solutions. That's really what we're trying to bring into the table and an objective and a mission we have on behalf of our clients. Against that, when you think about it, we have a base that's 23 million strong in terms of who we serve sort of in the health category, with $9.5 million in health and benefits alone, and it was really against that backdrop we brought forward was the first of its kind, which is the fully insured multi-carrier exchange. And as we reported, the results have been very, very strong, 1.2 million lives, 100-plus companies, in that context, 60% growth. And the pipeline we've got is exceptionally strong, stronger this year than it was last year as clients have sort of seen this come online. It's resulted in a fundamental bending of the cost curve, which is what we had hoped and anticipated. That includes, by the way, everything thrown in there, taxes, fees everything else, and a real meaningful cost for employee savings around that. We've also seen carriers come on board. So on the active side, 30-plus national and regional carriers. We've expanded coverage, over 10 elected benefits. And on the retiree side, 90-plus health insurance carriers with over 3,700 plans. So the fundamental chassis, the basis, the foundation is exactly what we hoped it would be. Even the industry, frankly, 19 different industries represented, finance, manufacturing, retail, health care technology. And I would say fundamentally, the thing that's driven this more than anything else, from our standpoint, we're excited about, is the impact on the employee. In the end, that's really what the whole focus of the mission is about. I think the numbers, as we've seen them, to date, over 85% of employees, 87%, in fact, love the ability to have choice, transparency and to really have a greater accountability. And a large percentage, 3/4 of them really feel good about -- they're choosing the right health care plan for them, for their families, for their situation. So for us, we really have appreciated the trajectory that our colleagues have been able to build sort of in the category of exchanges. Remember, exchange is a part of our overall strategy, one piece of it, an important piece of it. Fully insured multi-carrier has just gone exceptionally well, and we anticipate that will happen over time. This was never about a quarter or a year for us. This is about, over a period of time, developing a meaningful business that will help serve our clients. And that's exactly where we think we are.
Gregory C. Case: It's going to really be over time, as you tend to sort of think about how this evolves. And sort of depending on how it plays out, it's going to have a modest impact. And I just want to emphasize, overall -- again, as we think about the conversation around exchanges, exchanges, overall, when you think about sort of the impact to 2014, have really been an investment for us and will continue to be, as we start to see benefit in '15 and '16. But the category you're describing is important, because it affects individuals, but from a financial standpoint, will have minimal overall impact on us.
Gregory C. Case: Let me take those in turn. First, in terms of the ramp-up, no, we weren't surprised. And in fact we're not -- as we said before, we -- the mission we have is truly a mission around health solutions, the best set of integrated health solutions on behalf of clients. The fully insured exchange on the active side was -- it's just been a great platform. The clients who've joined it, I want to remind you, is literally 100% renewal rates. It doesn't mean that a client might come -- might not come off at some point in time, but right now, 100% renewal rates. So everybody who's on it has repeated, has seen tremendous benefits. Employees have really appreciated sort of the overall impact. And when you think about sort of the growth, it's been substantial, 60% growth in participants, as we said before, substantial growth in clients. And our view has always been we want to build this at the right pace and the right time. So we may very likely say to a client, "Defer," if we think actually it will help from a communication or employee standpoint more than anything else. This is about building this in the right way and the right time, and that's exactly what our colleagues have done. So we feel very, very good about the platform, again, from a standing start to go where we are now. And remember, as we did this, we serve more employees than anyone sort of in this space. And we said for the fully insured multi-carrier, we were going to actually start this in the most sophisticated largest market in the world, and that's the large carrier. That's why our smallest is about the size of some of the others' largest sort of in this category. And so we've gone against sort of that backdrop to make sure we're bringing the best capability to bear on behalf of our clients, and that's what we've done. And we expect that's going to grow over time. As I said, the pipeline's exceptionally strong, and we'll see how things play out over the next 24 months, and we feel very good about that.
Gregory C. Case: [indiscernible] Christa described. We've been able to actually bring this online to develop truly a world-class platform with great capability. We're in the middle of the work, as Christa just alluded to, to the largest active and the largest retiree opportunity in the world by a substantial margin and been able to fully do that in the context of delivering greater than mid-single-digit operating income, and that's exactly where we are for the year.
Gregory C. Case: Well, if you step back, first, think about sort of where we are in Reinsurance through the first 9 months, we're down 2% on what literally is the, by far, the largest book in the world in terms of what we do on behalf of clients, #1 in treaty, #1 in capital markets, #1 in fac. And our treaty book is the most exposed to the area that's sort of most under pressure from a market standpoint, and that's the property cat world, both in the U.S., substantially greater, Japan and other places around the world. Against that backdrop, through the first 9 months, we're minus 2%. We're not excited about that, but when you think about that, that's pretty -- that's a powerful -- that's a reasonable outcome given where we are. We continue to make substantial investments to build the business in data analytics as I said. We're going to see that benefit coming through. We've had record new business across risk overall, and we've been able to improve margins even in this environment, and we think we're going to be able to continue that trend. Q4, we see the capital markets pipeline and what's going to close. It's stronger in Q4, less closed in Q3, a matter of timing. We'll see that in Q4. So we'll see a marginally stronger benefit in Q4, which will help us deliver the year. But net-net, when you step back and think about Risk Solutions overall, which is how Christa teed this up, we have a 10 basis point improvement margin even against the headwinds with 40 basis points in FX, and we're going to continue to sort of see that improving in the fourth quarter, which is our overall strongest quarter.
Gregory C. Case: We would say no. In fact, not at all, Cliff, from our standpoint. Again, net new business won, which is what we track, has been positive for 14 consecutive quarters. In fact, we are almost among our highest ever new business results for the quarter and year-to-date for the first 9 months. So the underlying piece of the business, our colleagues continue to do an exceptional job. Really, just step back. Again, we're the largest book. I mean, there's no excuse. We need to grow. We are -- we anticipate growing over time in this business, but we have the largest book in the world. It is most exposed around the property cat world, and that's in the U.S. and in Japan, and that actually creates pressure. That's what we have to deal with. On the other hand, our clients have tremendous opportunity right now, and we're bringing more and more of that opportunity on behalf of our clients. We're doing it through capital markets. We're doing it through classic treaty and from other avenues as well. And so from our standpoint, we're going to continue to work, build the franchise and feel good about capability in Q4 and what we're going to be able to do in '15 and '16, but we have not seen share shift in any way, shape or form.
Gregory C. Case: If you step back and think about where we are year-to-date, as you described, we're at 2% for Risk Solutions overall, going into the -- with the headwinds that have been described already on the call, going into our strongest quarter. Through the first 9 months, at 2%, we expanded margin 10 basis points, including 40 basis points of negative FX. So if you just sort of think about can we expand margin against that growth rate, yes, and we're -- we think the fourth quarter is going to be stronger that the sort of overall year-to-date. Remember, a lot of the investments we've made and continue to make are not just around revenue growth by itself. It really is revenue growth and associated operating leverage with that. And I think we've been able to actually demonstrate very clearly our ability to grow margin with low single-digit, and if you step back -- or low single-digit organic growth. And if you think about what we described for the overall year, we've said we'd be low to mid-single-digit organic growth for the year, and we delivered solid margin expansion, both on a reported and underlying basis. And what we're reporting through the first 9 months is that's exactly what we're going to do for the year. And we feel like through the first 9 months, we've got more confidence in that now, having put 9 months in the books than we had even at the beginning of the year, and it was strong then. So to answer your question, we do feel like we can. Obviously, we're always going to go for higher and higher levels of growth, but we want to make sure it sort of meets the criteria I just described.
Gregory C. Case: In many respects, generally [ph] the investments we've made over the last 24 months, 36 months around this idea, as Christa described, of really data and analytics to help clients make better decisions to improve their performance and also to increase yield per dollar of premium placed are literally just coming online. You're starting to see the impact of those. The fullness of those come online in '15 '16 and '17, and that's why, as we said, and continue to say, we're on track to continue to march toward 26% from a margin standpoint in the Risk Solutions business.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, Brian, it really is across the board. And again, the goal here is what is the Risk Insight platform? It really is -- it is as sophisticated or not as sophisticated, if you will, of just really getting insight to match capital to client need more effectively. So it really provides insight into our distribution capability for our market partners so that they can apply their balance sheets in a more effective way. Against that goal, that means it actually helps them grow and more opportunity for them is more opportunity for our clients and more opportunity for us. It would give us the ability to bring on some additional insurers, as they see that opportunity, but it also dramatically expands the group we've got. We work with over 4,000 insurers overall, but really, it is -- we said, 30 to 35, we have sort of engaged in this. It really requires the insurers, they're our market partners, to invest time and energy too because we're changing the way we apply capital into our -- into the marketplace on behalf of our clients. So we see really the opportunity all of the above, more of them, more carriers involved, more opportunity with our existing carriers, we think, is quite, quite substantial, and ultimately, even with our clients in terms of sort of what we're doing at this point and helping them make better decisions. So this is really -- GRIP was really just the first step on a journey called using data and analytics to help clients make decisions to improve their operating performance, strengthen their financial position or reduce their volatility. And that's really what the data analytics is all about.
Gregory C. Case: But even more than that, more coverage with the existing clients we have. There's so much opportunity that we have, as they think about what they're doing. And we think about our overall portfolio of 60 billion or 70 billion, being able to actually package those risks and deliver them to these carriers in a way they can provide better value propositions for our clients, really, really powerful too. So this is the structured portfolio of solutions, tremendous set of opportunities there. It really benefits everyone, benefits clients tremendously, benefits markets. We benefit in the process too. So it's greater penetration with our existing group and also other opportunities outside that. So that's the second, and the third is opportunities with clients.
Gregory C. Case: Well, let's step back. Think about what we're trying to do in the space, again, we're the largest platform in the world, #1 in treaty, #1 in facultative, #1 in capital markets. And what we're trying to do is we're actually helping our clients actually improve their return on invested capital, reduce their volatility, strengthen their balance sheet. And when you think about that opportunity, it is tremendous, and we see that actually increasing over time. The 4,000 issuers out there, many of them, if not, all of them would love to actually have improved operating performance, stronger financial positions, less volatility, et cetera, and that's fundamentally exactly what we do at Aon Benfield. So we see that opportunity is substantial. And by the way, we continue to invest very, very strongly behind that opportunity. Christa highlighted we have -- we're investing over $120 million a year in data and analytics in Aon Benfield alone, which we believe is substantially greater than anyone else in the overall industry, and we're making substantial investments across the overall risk business, not just in the Reinsurance business, and it really is that -- that's really, as we think about the business overall, how we see tremendous opportunity. It is absolutely clear that, currently, there's tremendous price reduction that has happened, and it disproportionately affects books that have property cat, à la ours. But having said that, we think about this across overall Risk Solutions, is it -- Risk Solutions, and as we said before, we improved margins in Risk Solutions in the first 9 months, and we did it against FX headwinds in addition to the market headwinds. So from our standpoint, we like our position a great deal on the Reinsurance side. We're going to continue to invest behind it, and it really is about how we grow that business through helping clients, and that's really what our focus is.
Gregory C. Case: We said -- we've done 12 acquisitions plus year-to-date. We've described NFS, and we described Lorica and a number of others as well. We've done in excess of $500 million for the first 9 months, and we see tremendous opportunities around the world and continue to invest in content, capability, geographic expansion, particularly, in the emerging markets. So we see tremendous opportunity on the acquisition front to continue to strengthen global Aon, and as we said, we're going to continue to invest behind that thesis.
Gregory C. Case: Again, come back -- remember our mission and objective. Our mission is to bring the best health solutions to the marketplace, and we serve large market, middle market, small across the board. So and again, if you'd go back to sort of the base line, 23 million strong, 9.5 million in health and benefits alone, that includes a huge amount of the middle market. So we already have a disproportionate amount of business in the middle market and a number of folks are sort of describing pieces of that in different ways as kind of self-insured exchanges. We don't do that. We're trying to bring a range of solutions, including a range of exchange solutions to wherever they have impact. We happen to have tested our first set in the large market arena, and it's done exceptionally well. We think there's great applicability across large and across middle, and for the clients that would benefit from exchanges, we want to bring those solutions to them. And if there are other ways we can serve them and help support their mission, we'll do that too. So we see substantial growth across the board -- substantial potential in the large market and in the middle market.
Gregory C. Case: It really doesn't. In fact, when we -- when this works well, we were able to provide a platform, which creates transparency, choice, even greater accountability for individual employees. We've actually enabled companies sort of at the center of this to actually create better alignment, more -- better choices for their employees. They then also take risk off their balance sheet. They control volatility and we've created alignment very much with the actual carriers out there. So that's the platform. And again, against that backdrop, 100% renewal, and most important than anything else, 87% employee satisfaction. But if you said yourself, is everything done then? Is all the health issues -- are all they -- are they gone? And the answer is no. This is an ongoing set of challenges for companies. It's an ongoing set of challenges for individual families, and so bringing advice and content and insight around that platform, when it goes well, that's really -- that's the most powerful outcome we can bring to the table, a very clear platform that clients can utilize, as well as advice and perspective that actually helps them take full advantage of it for their company and for the employees. So we think when it works well, there's -- it's highly complementary.
Gregory C. Case: Again, we don't give specific guidance. We said it would be an improvement in the Q4, and it reflect kind of a negative 2% year-to-date. We think Q4 will be a bit better.
Gregory C. Case: Well, if you step back and think about it, you're really hitting on -- cyber, you can talk about pandemic. You can talk about sustainability, a whole series of things. Our view always has been, it's one of the reasons why we love this business so much on behalf of our clients, is our clients face a range of traditional risks. And globally, it's true. It's true in every country of the world. As populations urbanize, it becomes even more true around property, casualty, D&O, et cetera, and then you bring in all the nontraditional risk, as you're starting to highlight, cyber being one. But again, you could add pandemic, Ebola, whatever you want to add to that mix. There's just a whole range of those sorts of opportunities and challenges for our clients. We see that as a tremendous obligation to support them in that and opportunity for us to support them in that. And so we've invested and continue to invest very, very heavily. This is back to Christa's point around data and analytics, getting the insight and understanding so that you can just begin to quantify that risk. Therefore, you can then understand -- you can mitigate that risk and then price for it, and where there's opportunities, bring balance sheets into play, à la place insurance. But oftentimes, it doesn't even involve insurance placement. It involves operations, and we're helping clients across the board on all those pieces, and our clients are really looking for us to try to do that.
Gregory C. Case: Well, a little bit as we said before. Think about year-to-date in the Americas, the 2%; year-to-date in international, 3%. Basically, as we said, we're about to go into our fourth quarter, which is the strongest quarter we have across the firm. We see exceptionally strong new business trends, particularly in the U.S., have been exceptionally strong. So underlying, again, tremendous opportunity as we continue to build the business. We would say from a pricing standpoint, really, think about it as market impact pricing on one side, and then insured values on the other. Pricing is largely around the retail side, hovering around 0, plus or minus, very slightly, and insured values are holding up, I would say, not decreasing. So we're kind of marginal from that standpoint, which, by the way, might be a bit of an improvement, but marginal overall, and that's really the context.
Gregory C. Case: Yes, we really don't disclose that. What we said before is, again, nearly half or so have signed multi-year contracts, but really, it was more an indication of the value they're seeing and the impact it has. That really is what we're trying to highlight, but we're not going to go into detail in terms of the specific mechanics around it.
Gregory C. Case: No. Actually, we're not going for volume here. We're going for -- by the way, very good question, but this isn't about volume, it's about quality, content. With that balance sheet, our carriers deliver on behalf of our clients. So it's been a reasonable progression, 20, 25, 30, 35, give or take. We don't -- this doesn't need to be thousands or even hundreds, nor do we want it to be, because in the end, we're really talking about using data and analytics to change the way that an underwriter thinks about applying capital to our clients. Fundamentally, that means it's better for our clients, and it means it's better for the underwriters, better for Aon too in that process, but really, it's a function of our clients. That process takes real content, data and analytics. It also takes real leadership from an Aon standpoint and from a carrier standpoint, and this is really what we've been doing. And as those relationships connect in different ways, that's really what's drawn and built the overall GRIP platform effectively, and that's why we see it will expand over time. This goes back to Brian's earlier question. With the 30, 35, we think we see substantial opportunity to expand dramatically, and that's a huge benefit for our clients and for them. And then we'll add a few from time to time if insurers really want to invest their time and energy to make this work, because there's nothing instant about this. This is real hard work with new insights and new data to apply their capital in a different way.
Gregory C. Case: Yes. Again, we'll be very clear. What we talk about with the $120 million is Aon Benfield only. So the investment on the Risk Insight Platform is not included in that at all. That really is done in the ARS book -- ARS business overall, so it's completely separate. We haven't disclosed what the number is, but if you think about it, $120 million in the Reinsurance business is a tremendous investment, annual investment. We invested substantially more than that on the retail side of the business. So now we haven't even got to Aon Hewitt yet. We're really just talking about on the risk side of the business. So back to what we're doing to sort of build our content and capability, again, we haven't disclosed it, but it's substantially, a multiple greater than $120 million a year when you think about what we do in Risk Solutions overall, and GRIP, our Risk Insight Platform is completely separate from this $120 million.
Gregory C. Case: What we said basically is we've invested -- we explicitly said, as we were bringing this up and online, greater than $100 million investment. What we said, going forward, there will be -- continue to be substantial investments. And by the way, bringing large clients on is a great cause for celebration for us. We -- a phenomenal validation of what we're doing, very reinforcing. What we said is all future investments, we're going to fully fund out of the P&L. And what you need to hear from us is the following, exactly what Christa described, is we are delivering in HR Solutions mid-single-digit organic revenue growth and greater than mid-single-digit operating income growth for 2014. And so while there have been investments greater than $100 million we described before, we are absorbing them all in the P&L, and by the way, delivering greater than mid-single-digit operating income growth for '14. So that's really how you should think about it.
Gregory C. Case: Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for joining us. We appreciate it very much and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Christa Davies: No. As we think about the effective tax rate, it's really a full year estimate. That's the way effective tax rates always work. And so as we think about our tax rate going forward, the year-to-date rate of 18.5% is really the best indicator of our underlying effective tax rate. And as we think about the tax rate, going forward, for full year '14 or '15, it's really looking at this underlying operating rate of 18.5%, and then that could change in any quarter or year based on discrete tax adjustments, which as we described, were -- negatively impacted it in Q3, positively impacted in Q2, and obviously, can be positive or negative going forward.
Christa Davies: There's no impact on us from that. We are a U.K. company with a global business, operating in 120 countries, and we don't comment on changes in local regulations or statutory changes.
Christa Davies: And then in terms of the economics, Elyse, I think we did originally say that it'd be modestly profitable in 2014. As a result of the significant win we had this year and the scaling up to support that significant client, it is going to be modestly unprofitable this year, and we look -- we don't think it'll have any impact on our greater than mid-single-digit operating income growth, which is exactly where we said we would be for the full year.
Christa Davies: Yes, it's a great question. So as we think about buyback, we obviously allocate capital based on return on capital, and buyback is our highest return on capital activity. We have returned year-to-date $2 billion to shareholders, of which $1.75 billion was buyback. And included in this amount was $300 million of additional cash on the balance sheet at year end 2013, and $800 million of additional capital from debt that we raised during the year. And so as we think about the amount of buyback going forward, it's unlikely to be as high as it was in 2014 due to those 2 additional activities. We don't give specific guidance, but share repurchase continues to be the highest return on capital activity across the firm. And given the substantial cash flow growth we see over time, we do see opportunities to deploy cash based on the cash flow growth, and there's incremental leverage opportunities over time too.
Christa Davies: Yes, so as we think about our margin expansion in Risk Solutions, it's really driven by 3 things. The first and primary driver of our margin expansion across Risk Solutions is the investments we've made in data and analytics, both in our retail business in the GRIP platform, which has over $100 billion of premium, and that is driving improved yield on every dollar of premium placed à la incremental operating leverage, and equally the $120 million a year we are investing in Aon Benfield data and analytics. So those investments in GRIP and Aon Benfield data and analytics are really the primary driver of Risk Solutions margin expansion in calendar year 2013 and calendar year 2014. And we'll continue to drive expense discipline and expense opportunities as we look at outsourcing and off-shoring. We look at being more efficient around our IT investments and our real estate footprint. So we feel very good about the continued growth towards 26% Risk Solutions margin.
Christa Davies: Yes, we're not -- we're no longer providing specific guidance. The year-to-date rate of 18.5% is the best indicator of our underlying effective tax rate. And as I said previously, as we think about the tax rate going forward, 18.5%, plus or minus discrete tax adjustments, which can be positive, as we saw in Q2 and negative as we saw in Q3, is really how you should think about it.
Christa Davies: Yes, it's a great question, Brian, and it's really the second. As we think about the scale we're adding in calendar year 2014, we're really building the infrastructure to run the business going forward. It's a fixed cost base we're building, which will then be leverage-able across new clients going forward.
Christa Davies: Jay, we operate in 120 countries, and so our global effects of tax rate is really a result of profits that we generate in each of the 120 countries as opposed to the U.K. itself.
Christa Davies: Jay, we don't give specific guidance on share repurchase. I have described why our year-to-date number that we've returned to shareholders of $2 billion is higher than it will be, going forward, because it included additional cash off the balance sheet of $300 million at year-end 2013, and the $800 million of additional capital we raised from debt during the year. And so as we think about our share repurchase going forward, obviously, it's based on our free cash flow growth, which is going to be strong, and it's allocated to the highest use of capital, and that's really our philosophy going forward.
Christa Davies: No, it didn't because when we gave original guidance at the beginning of the year in terms of greater than mid-single-digit operating income growth, and essentially flat in Q3, we were giving it in the context of knowing about this compensation, consulting revenue timing change, and of course, knowing about the investments we're making in health care exchanges.
Christa Davies: Yes. So what we would say is, obviously, we're investing on behalf of our clients. We've been doing that for several years now,, and we're doing that again in 2014. Long term, we absolutely expect this business to be higher than our target margins of 22%, and therefore, generate a terrific return on capital for shareholders.
Christa Davies: Yes, I guess, what I would say, Joshua, is really, as we think about delivering value to clients, we're trying to ensure that we're delivering the best value service to clients, wherever they may be in the world, and a core part of the value we're providing for clients is helping them make better decisions, and the data analytics are a key part of making more informed and better choices in our Reinsurance business, in our retail business, and obviously, in our health care exchange business, as employees make the right health care choice for them, which is why we've got 87% employee satisfaction. As we think about our business around the world, we're absolutely investing in data analytics, because it's a huge part of helping us provide differentiated solutions for clients. I would separate that out from the tax rate. We are a U.K. company. We operate in 120 countries. As we think about our tax rate and our effective tax rate, going forward, the 18.5% is our underlying operating rate, and it's a mix of 120 countries in which we operate.
Christa Davies: Joshua, what I would say is we have product development and innovation in analytics centers because -- to hub them in analytics centers is the best way to build deep analytic skill sets. So GRIP, GRIP is based in Ireland. We have 110 people based in Ireland. They're PhDs. They're statisticians. They're building that GRIP database. Of course we want them all in one location. That's absolutely right, and so -- but we really think about delivering the value to clients using that data in the best way for the clients.
Christa Davies: Yes, look, we have global carriers, and therefore, the revenue is recognized wherever the service is delivered.
Christa Davies: And what I said on that is the 18.5% operating rate is our underlying effective tax rate. And as you think about the tax rate going forward, it's 18.5%, plus or minus discrete tax adjustments, which could be positive or negative in future years.
Christa Davies: In 2015, no. The revenue timing issue, the $15 million, will reverse itself in Q4 2014. So really, in terms of Risk Solutions, what you should really think about is putting $15 million of revenue in Q4 because we've absorbed the expense for it in Q3.
Christa Davies: Yes. So Paul, I think it's obviously a lumpy line. And it, theoretically, should be 0 over time. What you see reflected in there is our continued efforts in managing the portfolio to maximize ROIC for shareholders, and therefore, it includes the gains on the sale of a business, and it also includes gains in certain long-term investments, as we continue to optimize the portfolio around highest return capital. So it is lumpy, and therefore, almost impossible to predict.
Christa Davies: Well, I guess what I would say, Paul, is as we actually model our own business internally, we model it at 0, if that's helpful for you.
Christa Davies: Yes. So here's what I would say. The actual shares outstanding at 9/30/2014 were 285 million. You then have about 10 million of additional dilutive equivalents, which get you to 295 million, which is your starting point, for Q4, before any share repurchase, et cetera. And so we're not giving guidance about share repurchase in this number.
