Christa Davies: Dave, as we think about the restructuring program overall and the $500 million of savings we’ll deliver in total in 2019, we are absolutely reinvesting a portion of those savings as we think about return on capital as the metric we use to allocate all forms of capital usage. And so, we haven't given specific guidance about the amounts of the $500 million we will reinvest, but you should expect us to reinvest given the substantial opportunities we have for organic investments across our portfolio. And, really, the way you can track that is you should expect us to continue to expand the operating margins long-term based on the investments we’re making.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, Dave, we actually think we have substantial room for further margin expansion over the coming years really driven by three key elements. The first is accelerating organic revenue growth. The second is portfolio mix shift. We’ve done a huge amount of work on portfolio to actually continue to invest in higher revenue growth, higher margin businesses. And the third is the work we’re doing on the Aon operating model overall, which of course is delivering the $500 million of savings in 2019. But much more important than that, Dave, it’s actually driving productivity improvements in each year after that. And so, we feel really good about the opportunity to continue to drive margin expansion going forward.
Christa Davies: Thanks so much, Greg. I really appreciate you thinking of me. So, in terms of – obviously, in December 2017, US tax reform legislation was enacted. As we noted then, we expected additional clarifications as you described, Greg. And in November and December, in 2018, there were specific proposed regulations in five key areas – [indiscernible], anti-hybrid, interest deductibility, and foreign currency gains and losses on certain repatriated earnings. We are a UK-domiciled company. We do run a global capital pool. And as we look at the proposed regulatory changes, we feel good about where we are. We previously gave guidance of 18% for 2018. Given the impact of favorable discrete items, primarily in Q3 2018, the full-year 2018 tax rate was below 18%, coming in at 15.6%. As I look back historically, exclusive of the impact of the discrete items, which can be positive or negative, and really difficult to predict, our historical underlying rate over the last three years has been approximately 18%. And we’re not going to give guidance going forward. So, I hope that helps answer your questions, Greg.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, as we think about share repurchase, we start with a cash base of $1.45 billion. If you add the declining uses of cash between now and the end of next year of $620 million, you’ve really got a kind of $2.1 billion starting point before you grow operating income and working capital. So, huge cash generation capability. Plus increased debt as we think about restructuring expenses and pension coming down. So, good cash flow and opportunity for incremental debt. Then the use of cash, we really allocate on our return on capital basis. And share repurchase remains our highest return on capital opportunity across Aon, given the DCF valuation we have of Aon today, which values are substantially above where we’re trading.  Having said that, Greg, what I would say is, we have real opportunities to invest organically in the firm in a lot of data analytic capabilities, as you’ve heard describe from Mike and Eric and Greg today. And we’ve got a significant M&A pipeline. Actually, the biggest M&A pipeline we’ve had in our history. And so, we’ll continue to actively manage return on capital in terms of share repurchase versus M&A versus organic investment, and optimize those on a return on capital basis. And you can see the progress we’ve made on return on capital. The growth we’ve had in return on capital this year, 21.7%, which is our return on capital for 2018 is the highest we’ve had in Aon’s history. So, we are managing that very actively.
Christa Davies: Sure. Mike, I might take the delegated question and Greg will do data analytics. So, on delegated, it is one of our highest growth, highest margin, highest free cash flow opportunity across the firm. And you’ve seen us invest organically significantly in that business and inorganically in fantastic acquisitions, like Townsend, which is integrating really well into the firm and driving substantial opportunity for us going forward. As we think about the growth rate of that business, it’s absolutely a double-digit growth rate business. And the reason we say that, Greg, is because – sorry, Mike, is because we look at the opportunity for a whole bunch of clients who are currently managing this themselves. And they have two or three people managing their investments. They are substantially smaller in scale. If you think about the $150 billion of assets we have under management, and so we can really manage that opportunity much more effectively for them. We understand the liability side of that balance sheet already and we can match assets to get the pension outcomes for clients around pension expense, pension unfunded liability and pension cash contributions. And so, whether it’s the effectiveness of the return on assets we get because we have much greater scale and we can get them into better opportunities or whether it’s the asset plus liability matching to get the pension outcomes for clients, we see substantial opportunity for continued market share gains there. And we love that segment.
Christa Davies: The first thing I’d say, Elyse, is as we think about total margin expansion for 2018, it’s 220 basis points. So, substantial margin expansion. Included in the 60 basis points of core margin expansion for the year, we are absorbing investments we’re making in future growth. The core margin expansion is really higher than the 60, if you know what I mean, because you are absorbing the investments. And so, as you think about our margin expansion over the last 10 years, we've on average increased margins by 70 basis points to 80 basis points each year for the last 10 years. We are not giving specific guidance on margin expansion going forward, but we did say that there are really three big drivers of margin expansion going forward. The first is accelerating top line revenue growth as we just talked about, mid-single-digit or greater. The second is the portfolio mix shift towards higher revenue growth, higher margin businesses. And the third is the operating leverage from the productivity we’re getting from the Aon United operating model. So, we do have real confidence in margin expansion over 2019, 2020 and 2021.
Christa Davies: Again, the double-digit free cash flow growth is a long-term target. We are not giving cash flow guidance for 2019. If you start with a $1.45 billion of cash in 2018, we are going to, just through reduction in use of cash, free up $620 million by the end of next year. And then, you add on top of that, Elyse, operating income growth, working capital and additional debt, and so you’ve got significant financial flexibility. And then, we will use return on invested capital to drive allocation, with buyback being the highest return on capital across the firm.
Christa Davies: Yeah. Kai, if you look at the M&A we’ve done over the last couple of years, that’s probably the best example of what we’re going to do in the next couple of years. And we’ve really done a huge amount of work on a return on capital basis to identify the highest revenue growth, highest margin, highest free cash flow opportunity areas. And there’s things like health and elective benefits, our affinity area, delegated investment management, data analytics and, of course, you can see some brokerage areas because they are very important to our business. But what we are continuing to focus on is higher revenue growth, higher margin, higher return on capital opportunity areas.
Christa Davies: Yaron, one of the things I would say is, as you look at the restructuring program, the core of the restructuring program for us is investing in the Aon United operating model. It’s allowing us to actually bring the firm together. We used to have two segments, risk solutions and HR solutions. We now have one segment called Aon. And we are bringing together the operations of Aon under an Aon United banner and we’ve invested substantially in Aon level platforms, as Mike O’Connor described, with the call center example, but equally on the platform examples we’ve said. And so, a lot of what you’ve seen in the restructuring program has been investments in platforms and bringing together disparate capabilities that used to be in each of the solution lines into one Aon platform. So, that’s absolutely what we’ve been doing in 2017, 2018 and now 2019. And it is forming the foundation for accelerated revenue growth in the coming years.
Christa Davies: So, the first thing I’d say is, we understand where that comes from because you basically said the largest expense base we have is people and you have 2% or maybe 3% inflationary push on your people expense base. One of the things we would say is, as we look at the investments we’re making in the Aon operating model and we are driving from productivity, we are increasingly able to get margin expansion at lower levels of growth. And I would note that we’ve been expanding margins for 10-plus years at all levels of growth. And the best example of that is, in 2008 and 2009, in the midst of an economic recession, we reported minus 1% revenue growth and expanded margins 260 basis points over those two years, 2008 and 2009. And so, I’m not sure actually for the last 12 years for us that there has been that relationship in place at all.
Christa Davies: Paul, I think you’re raising a very good point. We are actually, I think, in some quite different areas in terms of our M&A platform. We are very much focused on content and capability and we’re approaching this from a return on capital perspective. As we look at our M&A pipeline, it is 100% aligned with the highest revenue growth, highest margin, highest return on capital opportunity areas across our entire portfolio. And our general approach is to really map out, on a return on capital segment, high return on capital segments, what are the companies that are most attractive, get to know them early, and then really build the relationship to understand and make sure that the cultural integration will work. And we’ve been successful on that. We’ve actually brought in some amazing content and capability, whether that’s the [indiscernible] that Greg described with intellectual property or it’s the Townsend team in delegated or it’s [indiscernible] capability in cyber, it’s been absolutely phenomenal. And so, for us, it’s much more focused on content and capability and return on capital. And we’re seeing very attractive returns on capital outcomes from our M&A portfolio.
Christa Davies: Look, I guess, I would answer it based on return on capital, Meyer. What I would say is, as you think about the investments we’re making, a lot of them are scalable, which I think is the point you’re really getting towards. So, if you think about data analytics, for example, we’ve invested $400 million a year for the last 10 years in data analytics. And so, there is absolute scale in that platform and series of investments. And you can see that because our return on invested capital is at 21.7%. It grew, I think, 370 basis points or 380 basis points year-over-year. And it’s the highest it’s ever been. And so, we continue to manage return on capital to get to these outcomes. And is there operating leverage in our business model? For sure, there is.
Christa Davies: Yeah. So, as we think about leverage, we really think about our investment grade rating. It’s incredibly important to us for financial flexibility purposes and as we sell into global, large corporates. And we are committed to our current investment grade rating. As we think about debt to EBITDA, it’s really 2 to 2.5 times on a GAAP basis, which is really 3 to 3.5 times on a Moody’s basis. And as restructuring charges decrease and pension contributions decrease, you can expect us to add debt 1 for 1 to keep the debt to EBITDA ratio the same. And as I mentioned in my opening script, we do have opportunities to increase debt over the coming years, as you see those uses of cash decline, particularly over the next two years.
Christa Davies: Sure. So, Ryan, certainly, I can say that the restructuring program finishes at the end of 2019. And as we think about the $1.35 billion of total cash generating $500 million of annual return, we think that’s a terrific return on capital for shareholders. And so, we’re really excited about the program and we’re very confident about delivering the $500 million dollars in savings this year and, more importantly, having productivity flow through in 2019 and 2020 and 2021, which will drive improved operating leverage in future years. As we think about the other bucket, your question, there is really kind of three things in there. The first is the separation costs related to our outsourcing business, which was obviously substantial as you're dividing Aon and a substantial portion of our business. The second was termination of contracts as, again, you're splitting Aon and our outsourcing business. And the third is professional services to actually execute the restructuring program. And so, again, we feel really good about the return on capital of the overall program and confident about delivering the savings and improve productivity going forward.
Christa Davies: So, I guess, what I would say overall, Ryan, as we finalize the program going into 2019, we've added some additional projects which have a terrific return on capital. And, therefore, we increased the total program estimates – $1.35 billion in cash and $500 million in savings. And again, the return on capital, we think, is terrific.
Gregory Case: And when you think about it, Dave, when we described Aon United and the impact it’s having on our firm, we principally talk about this as it relates to client-facing capability, which is we think exceptional and strengthening. And I gave one example in my comments. I can talk about more today if it’s helpful. But it’s good to describe. This is not only external in our client-facing world, but also internal and how we think about how we go to market, how we actually create effectiveness, benefit going to market, but also efficiency in the context of doing that. And ABS is really an opportunity to take a look at our firm in a way we’ve never ever done before and actually create this opportunity. So, it really is – it’s new news when you think about productivity and operational leverage that has started to already show benefit and continue to play out. I don't know, Mike, if you want to give an example of sort of what ABS is about and how you see it show up in the marketplace.
Gregory Case: Dave, this is a terrific question. Really appreciate raising. This is really at the heart of Aon and what we are about in Aon United and what we are so excited about. If you step back and sort of what’s the basic foundation for this progress – and, again, if you look back over the last number of years, you've seen the progression, right, against sort of good markets and lesser markets, good economies, lesser economies, 3% growth, 3% growth, 4% growth, 4%, now 5%. And, fundamentally, it’s based on market share gain in the core business and you’re seeing that all around the world, all across our solution lines. You’re seeing, as Christa described, a portfolio mix which has stored faster growth areas. So, literally, as we think about reinvesting the substantial capital we generate, it’s in higher growth areas fundamentally and you’re seeing that play out in areas of client demand, data analytics solutions, etc. I think, frankly, the exciting piece is net new opportunities across the system. And it’s that combination is what gives us confidence to say, kind of irrespective of kind of economic changes, we are committed to and excited about continuing to progress toward mid-single-digit or greater. And maybe, again – these are interesting maybe to top line, but if you kind of dig in a little bit, the example I gave on net new with Freddie and Fannie – maybe, Eric, talk a little bit about sort of how that played out. And that literally created net new capability in a net new marketplace for us.
Gregory Case: A very specific example in terms of sort of where we are. Again, this is such an important area, we want you to have confidence in our ability to kind of change the way we go to market and evolve that. ACT is another example that might be worth just talking about for a second in terms of sort of how that’s fundamentally different and how that’s involved.
Gregory Case: Not to pound it too much, Dave, but you get the idea. This is both market share gain, it’s portfolio mix and it’s these net new opportunities, and I think it’s worth exploring them in terms of sort of what it can mean for us. It’s not the be-all and end-all, but these net new areas are pretty exciting, pretty fundamental.
Gregory Case: Yeah. Great question, Greg. Listen, we talked in the first couple of quarters about a challenge sort of in the first half to sort of influence the overall results for the year in the flood business and a contract that was transitioned and the recent – we actually exited that part of the overall business. That’s really influencing the numbers you are seeing. If you look at the last half of the year, and particularly the last quarter, you’re starting to see the momentum that’s there. Inpoint is, in fact, in this arena. By the way, in the back of the deck we posted this morning, it sort of breaks all that out. But the transition in the second half and what you’re seeing is really kind of where the power is. And there’s just a tremendous amount here. We are very, very optimistic about sort of the efforts in data analytics. And I would highlight again, data analytics for us, this is standalone data analytics that we sort of bring to the market, separate from what we do in the business. But in the business, there is a tremendous amount that goes on across the firm. And again, maybe picking on Mike and Eric for a second, not only do we have client examples, we just talked about Aon client treaties and what we did with Freddie and Fannie in the multifamily mortgage market, we also have fundamental platforms that are emerging here that are very different. And a couple come to mind. Maybe start with risk here just for a second in terms of sort of what that looks like as a platform in the future.
Gregory Case: Again, Greg, back to your question, we are very, very excited, bullish on the solution line, how it evolves over time. Again, the one transaction I described sort of influences the results for the year. But we are very excited about the momentum going forward as you suggested.
Gregory Case: And if you think about it, this is really fundamentally driven on the delegated side for a segment of clients out there, a large segment. We have a better solution. That solution actually works irrespective of kind of market conditions in terms of where it is. It’s actually a great thing to sort of see that evolve and it’s really been a terrific part of sort of what we’ve done over time. Coming to the data analytics piece, it’s really an important – again, back to how we see this growing over time. Your question around, is it connected to the commercial risk marketplace, in particular, and we would really encourage you to separate them. This is fundamentally content and capability that helps us work with our clients, to improve our operating performance, strengthen their balance sheet, reduce volatility in their business. Sometimes, we use insurance solutions. Sometimes we don’t. This is not about insurance. Not about the cycle. In fact, our firm becomes more and more separated from the cycle over time. We just look at our history and what we’ve been able to do. So, for us, the whole data and analytics effort, almost irrespective of the solution line it sort of moves into, and we talked about the applications of commercial risk, we’ve talked about the applications in reinsurance and how they came together in data analytics, it really cuts across all those solution lines. It’s equally true in health. It’s equally true in retirement investments. And maybe I’ll ask Eric to pick one example sort of on the retirement investment side since you raised it in terms of sort of that solution line. But data analytics is really an engine that actually enhances our existing businesses substantially, but also creates literally net new opportunity in terms of sort of what we could do in the marketplace. So, Eric, pick an example in retirement investment.
Gregory Case: So, if you think about it, Mike, this is literally our investment consulting colleagues knowing their clients more and more over time, their challenges, their demands over time, looking across global Aon and seeing solutions that they can actually then apply sort of in their backyard. And then, what data analytics is really doing is really looking across the firm and pulling together our innovation centers, content and capability, A, we’ve never applied across the firm and, B, we never actually brought in additional content to supplement it. So, we’ve got an engine that literally kind of – and the idea of sort of what’s net new at Aon these days. A net new at Aon is the application of data analytics in an Aon United environment. Those are fundamentally different. And as we said before, that has applicability externally in the client stuff we talked about. And, ironically, also powerfully internally, and we talked about Aon business services and sort of how it played out there. So, that’s really for us the power of data analytics and why we talk about the data analytics solution line so much.
Gregory Case: Again, we certainly respect everybody who’s out there, traditional and non-traditional in every way, shape or form. Ours is really not to focus on them. The beauty in the evolution of this has really been about fundamental client need. What’s going on with our clients, what’s happening in terms of their performance. Overall income performance, balance sheet performance, volatility, what’s driving change in their business they are concerned about and what can we bring to bear. And that literally is what’s driven our data analytics engine. So, Aon Client Treaty, as Mike described, was driven out of the fact that clients came to us and said, we go to London and place our business and we create all these kinds of risk because the syndicates don’t actually always play together all the time, is there a way to actually think about, particularly the tail risk, the last 10% of the syndicates, and the answer is a data and analytics solution actually address that. And so, this is really driven out of client needs. You will see us – and we’re investing 400 million plus a year on content capability and data analytics. You will see us continue to drive that across our solution lines across the firm, and that really is the engine that we really want to try to get better and better at. Hold us accountable to the question of, how are you helping clients succeed through data analytics. That’s really what we want to address.
Gregory Case: So maybe, Adam, I’ll start, but I think Eric and Mike can both provide really interesting color here. Look, our world is – people describe different categories of it. We don’t. We describe matching capital with risk to the extent our clients need it really across the board. And as you’ve highlighted, alternative capital sort of in the reinsurance world with $600 billion give or take in capital and close to kind of $100 million of it, give or take, sort of alternative capital, and I think Eric will describe, a pretty substantial increase sort of over time is important, here to stay, and important part of matching capital with risk. So, we see applicability on the reinsurance side continue to evolve and grow and on the primary side. But, maybe, Eric, thoughts on sort of overall direction of where you see this going.
Gregory Case: Really, at the end of the day, again, we’re matching capital with risk and it will show up where the transaction ends up happening. Again, what you’re hearing us describe, Adam, is more than just a transaction. There is advice wrapped around it. This is really more of a solution, part of a broader solution. Often, it ends up being a transaction as part of it, but it’s not the only piece. And one thing we would come back to is, remember, we’re talking about Aon United. We are talking about a single P&L. We want to spend less time about where the money goes and more time around have we helped the client or not. And so, for us, you’ll see it more in the early days M&A, sort of in the reinsurance solutions world, but, frankly, over time, it’s going to be across the firm.
Gregory Case: Elyse, as we described, our objective, as we laid it out is mid-single-digit or greater over time. And so, you can calibrate mid-single-digit and calibrate – or greater. But we see achieving that. And what I described before a little bit was why are we – why is out there and why are we excited about the ability to achieve it. And we described kind of what we’ve done in market share gains, what we’ve done in the portfolio mix shift that Christa described – and don’t underestimate that. We are essentially putting capital in places and categories that are just fundamentally growing faster. That’s a big opportunity and a big tailwind for us. And then, this idea – and we’ve spent a little bit more time on the call today, we know, around a little more granularity on net new because anybody can say that. We are trying to give you some very specific examples of what that looks like. But if you think about these categories of net new, things like cyber, we cavalierly all talk about cyber, but it’s only a $3 billion to $4 billion premium market against the $460 billion connected insured loss in the US alone. Doesn’t include anything in Europe. Over time, with GDPR, the data protection laws in Europe, the entire connected cyber loss may approach $1 trillion and yet we are in the insurance marketplace at $3 billion to $4 billion in premium. Obviously, inadequate. So, for us, we see real opportunity in the global environment. Again, it’s not just market share gain and portfolio mix. It’s sort of the idea of net new. Mike talked about intellectual property and how that’s evolved over time. Fundamentally, 75% of the S&P 500 market cap is derived from intangible assets. That’s massively increased since 1975. So, fundamentally, we've got, we believe, opportunities out there because our clients have needs out there and they continue to go up over time. And the other piece that sort of ties into this for us is the whole idea sort of talent rewards and how that fits in in the overall equation because people, talent, is so fundamental to success for our clients over time. These things start to really tie together in the work we are doing in retirement investment and then talent really fits in in the equation and the work we’re doing in health fits in into the equation. Again, not just to pile on, but if you think about some of the work we’re doing in health and retirement investment, we’ve said before on these calls, there is a fundamental truth in the world, which is our clients’ employees are overspending on health and underspending on retirement. And it really is tragic when you think about it, sort of the impact over the life of a family. If we can modify that by 1% or 2%, have them be smarter about how they think about their health spend and smarter about how they think about the retirement spend, we've actually impacted a family over a 10 or 20-year period. Pretty cool stuff. And so, for us, we look at the world and say, my God, there is so much demand out there that we need to understand better and then be able to effectively address. And in doing so, that’s what brings us back to kind of mid-single-digit or greater. Again, it’s all easy to say. What you’ve seen over the last few years is progress, 3%, 3%, 4%, 4%, 5% and we feel good about progress in 2019 and 2020 and 2021.
Gregory Case: Yeah. Kai, thanks for the question. Listen, if we think about overall progress – and really, this cuts across the firm. Again, we posted 5% across the firm which is the highest since 2006. We feel good about that momentum. We feel very good about the continued momentum on the commercial risk side. And I’ll add a couple of things sort of I want to just align you too, if I could. One is, first of all, as we said before, this isn’t about quarter-to-quarter. It’s kind of about year-to-year in terms of progress. Now, if you look at commercial risk, I think we do 6% in 2018 and 2% in 2017. So, you should sort of think about the overall momentum, feeling pretty good about sort of where that is. We did have an exceptionally strong fourth quarter in 2017. And on top of that strong comp, another strong quarter in Q4 of 2018. And we highlighted a number of different places where that emanated from. So, this is exceptional, exceptional performance and leadership on behalf of our Aon colleagues around the world. And the second piece I would just highlight, as you think about sort of what drives this going forward, this is not about pricing, as we’ve talked about before. We’d really encourage you not to sort of connect us to pricing per se. This is really, if you want to, market impact overall, which is a function of insured values and pricing. And insured value is actually a more impact in terms of sort of what’s going on in the context of this.  And then, again, as you think about growth, remember, we are talking about taking share which we’ve been doing. Also, when we describe kind of investing in areas, higher growth, higher margin, that’s in the commercial risk arena. A number of different examples in that, as we’ve talked about before. And then, this idea of net new and how that plays out. So, we feel very good about the momentum in commercial risk and feel like the performance of the year really demonstrated that.
Gregory Case: Yeah. So, for us, again, remember, our world is matching capital with risk. In the context of matching capital with risk, Lloyd’s happens to be one piece of that. It’s actually, on a relative basis, against institutions we work with around the world, relatively smaller. And then, in the context of that, as it relates to the review I think you’re describing, you’re talking about – the level of revenue we have in that is very, very – it’s a fraction, $50 million or less. It’s a fraction of our global revenue. So, that’s not obviously going to be a major impact either way. For us, it is how we work with Lloyd’s to see them strengthen over time and be better able and capable of serving our clients. So, in that sense, we are matching capital with risk and Lloyd’s will play out over time. But I wouldn’t over focus on that sort of in the context of sort of what we’re doing in commercial risk.
Gregory Case: So, one of the things, Kai, you come back to, and this is sort of more than compensation, it’s the heart of Aon United and the work we’ve done over the last decade to bring our firm together. And you ask a fundamental question. If we work more effectively together, are we serving clients more effectively? Are we winning more? Yes or no? Are we doing more with clients? Yes or no? Are we able to understand them better in a way in which we can actually bring them net new solutions they haven’t seen before? When was the last time we wowed her client? That is the energy that underpins Aon United. That either works or it doesn’t. If it works, it’s incredible. And we can scale and drive it around it firm and that’s hard to duplicate. If it doesn’t, then you’re kind of back to what have you done for me lately as a personal sort of mission. And that’s not our focus. That’s not what we are trying to do. And so, we’ve taken a number of steps to reinforce the power of what I just described certainly with compensation. Our top 200 leaders, 65% of their bonus, for example, is tied on overall performance. What we do from a long-term compensation standpoint is truly tied around performance of the firm and performance shares of the firm. So, we’ve done a number of things on comp, but we wouldn't want you to take away from this, this is a trick and a comp plan. This is an absolute maniacal focus around how we can help clients be more effective. And it turns out, working together, Aon United is a fundamental lever, weapon in terms of being able to do that and that’s what driving the energy here. And that’s why it’s taken a while to do this, right? This builds over time, builds momentum over time. We are starting to see it play out more and more effectively, but that’s really the energy behind it. And, of course, alignment with comp along the way.
Gregory Case: Maybe on top of that, Yaron, I’m just going to – I want to make sure – I might have read between the lines a little bit on what you described. But I think you said, given the P&C year, we had more to invest and will that change over time. I do want to come back and just fully build on Christa’s point and disconnect that. We were making 400-plus-million dollar investments in content capability for the last number of years. And our firm is not the cycle, right? It is really not the pricing cycle at all. Our view is we are more and more disconnected from that and we are more connected to how we are helping clients improve their business and succeed in their business. And so, our investment in the platforms that Mike and Eric described, we are seeing real benefit from, and we’re going to continue to drive that. And the beauty of it is, to Christa’s point, we fully have the capacity to do that, irrespective of whatever happens on the pricing side because, as I said before, it’s much more around market impact, insured values than it is about pricing. So, hopefully, you’re comfortable. So, that level of investment, we’re going to continue to make. And again, the check on that investment is return on invested capital. If it helps client succeed, we win more clients. We get a return on the capital. We invest more. That cycle is literally that discipline, is what we’ve got set up as we drive these platform investments in data analytics.
Gregory Case: Again, we’ve come back to less about trying to do timing and really more around client need, right? This is fundamentally, what are we trying to get accomplished on behalf of clients. So, I come back to what is intellectual property. It doesn’t exist at this point in time. Clients don’t really understand sort of what’s possible. So, the investment we are making there are really trying to help them understand what is their intangible asset based worth, how is it evolving over time, and how are we going to protect that. We see long-term potential that’s substantial. By the way, that’s going to be true regardless of the cycle. And so, for us, this isn’t about trying to time it. It’s basically, fundamentally, what helps clients improve operating performance, strengthen balance sheet, reduce volatility. And more and more of our clients are really trying to understand the cost of volatility and how they factored in their overall performance. And so, for us, it’s about that long-term impact and that’s what’s driving our investment. And again, what I would highlight is, the beauty of this is, this doesn’t have to be a short-term agenda. This is, over time, what are we going to accomplish. And in the context of still doing that, you see us produce the results we just laid down for 2018, which was substantial margin improvement and substantial growth.
Gregory Case: And I would just add to that. Think about Aon. Aon again, just as we’ve sort of pushed – don’t confuse what we do with the insurance pricing, just completely disconnected. This is not about just pure commercial risk. The power of retirement investments and what we do there and how that’s evolved over time, what we’ve done in delegated, very, very powerful. The power of what we have in the health solutions area, really exceptional and growing, big opportunity over time. What you see us doing in commercial risk and reinsurance solutions is not only in their categories, but, as Eric and Mike described, they are cutting across all of the categories. So, for us, this creates real operating leverage in the business and we are, as we said before, committed to improved performance. And you've seen us, as Christa described, able to do it year-in and year-out.
Gregory Case: So, one of the things that we've – again, we’ve come back to concept. We are matching capital with risk. Lloyd’s is a source of capital. We love to see them continue to innovate, get better, bring new solutions, new ideas, new perspectives. A lot of capital out there, right? $3.5 trillion. Lloyd’s is a fraction of that. So, we want to see them win that game. We want to see them sort of effective in that game. We want to see them become more efficient, more effective, all the things that come with that. But there’s many, many, many solutions out there that we access on behalf of our clients. By the way, just for reference again, $3.5 trillion sort of represents all the balance sheets of the insurance companies added up. The world that we play in in retirement investments on the pension side touches $31 trillion, of which a fraction has sort of come into the insurance world, the $100 billion that Eric talked about before. And so, net-net, it really looks like how Lloyd’s is going to evolve over time. So, for us, we’re going to be supportive of our market partners as always. But for us, we’re not too concerned about sort of evolution. We have high expectations for them and want to support them. But we’re very comfortable we can bring client solutions that involve capital.
Gregory Case: Remember, Ryan, we undertook this restructuring. This is not your average vanilla restructuring to sort of take out costs. This is really – when we sold the outsourcing business, it was a chance to look at our firm in a fundamentally different way. This is net new news for us. And so, Aon business serves as – really does sort of take a look at our firm, all the restructuring goes through this perspective, really top down. And, really, this is kind of the non-salary, incentive and benefit cost we can look at differently, 2.5-plus-billion dollars in sort of spend. And this is fundamentally what we’re able to look at in technology, in real estate. Go to our New York office, for example, sort of footprint. It’s very, very different. Much more open, much more client focused and client centric. Much more technology capability. You’ll see that around the world. So, for us, this was an opportunity to strengthen the firm through the restructuring. And as Mike talked about before, it’s showing up in terms of quality in what we do with our clients in the marketplace. But also, rest assured, in cost saves and efficiency, that had to meet the return on invested capital test that we do with everything else. And so, we feel good about the return and, most important, feel good about what it might and will mean for Aon going forward.
Gregory Case: Just want to say thanks very much to everybody for joining the call and look forward to our discussion next quarter. Thanks very much.
Michael O'Connor: Sure, Greg. Maybe – and there is countless examples. But maybe one that’s very easy to relate to is our call centers. We are touching clients every day. And in the past, each of our solution lines across any geography would actually do that and do it exceptionally well. The reality is with Aon United, we looked across the geography. And during 2018, we took our North American call centers and basically said, listen, if we actually think about this in an integrated way, if we think about it across solution lines, what’s possible? And the reality is we started to integrate those capabilities across the geography. And I think as we come out of 2018, we have two things. We have an improvement in effectiveness, which we can track; and secondly, we reduced our total cost by almost a quarter. So, for us, it’s just one example. And we can, obviously, take on the road around the world, but that’s an example of where we are bringing Aon United to life, increasing the effectiveness, improving the client experience and, ultimately, driving productivity and efficiency.
Michael O'Connor: Sure. And you’re talking, Greg, about Aon Client Treaty. And for us, this is a groundbreaking solution and we’ve mentioned it before where we created new solution in Lloyd’s and 20% of any eligible order there. We can actually match capital there on best-in-class terms and conditions, pricing and follow-on claims. So, truly a distinctive client value proposition. That doesn’t come about without us being able to integrate the capabilities, the data and analytics and the propriety data that existed both in our commercial risk and in our reinsurance teams. And you bring those two teams together, then we had to do more. We actually went out and collected distinctive data on over 6,000 different risks. That’s exposure, loss information, risk attributes. And being able to bring that together, integrate it and actually digest it and then actually be able to present that to capital providers to our carrier partners, that’s how we got capacity behind the solution. And it’s been absolutely terrific for our clients. If we look back, it’s been in place for three years. And if you look at 2018 alone, we saw over 20% growth in the clients who took this solution up to use. And it allows us to fundamentally think about different solutions. So, we’re excited about continuing to use this to help clients. We are in the market today, binding risk. And I think, more broadly, for us, we step back and say, from that experience, from those capabilities, from the combination and integration of capabilities across commercial risk and reinsurance, we’re going to continue to work on bringing those capabilities to new markets and try to innovate with carrier providers to new solutions and new geographies.
Michael O'Connor: Sure, Greg. And when we think about our health business and our commercial risk business, we’re really focused on institutionalizing data and analytics across our network. When we think about making that come to life every day, there’s two things that would have to happen. First is, we’ve got to capture global transactional level data and adjust that into our innovation centers. And we’ve been doing that for years and we think we have truly a distinctive data set on which we can draw upon to support our colleagues and support our clients. And the second part of that, as you highlighted is, we’ve got to build a platform that actually hosts the data and analytical tools we have and allows our colleagues to be able to access that data set in our innovation centers. And we’ve rolled out a solution for our health business, which is our total benefits solutions, and we’ve got one for our commercial risk business, which we call Risk/View. And if you just look at the progress we’re making and you look at 2018 as just one example and you take Risk/View as an example, we had over 6,000 active users as we exited 2018. And we view an active user as someone who is touching the data every day, who is actually using the tools we have available to solve client needs. We had over 100,000 different solutions actually provided to the clients through 2018. And when we think about the momentum we have in our colleagues and our clients using this platform, we are growing at almost 250%. So, we are excited about what we’re doing for clients and supporting our colleagues today. We’re even more excited about the future.
Michael O'Connor: Sure. And Adam, what Eric was highlighting is exactly what we are seeing every day all around the world, which is that kind of capital is trying to get closer to the client and it’s looking at and starting to think about, can it be applied against emerging risks like cyber and IT and others, but also traditional risks. And I think one of the things we’ve done with some of the structural moves we’ve made internally at Aon is we’re better integrated today. We think about matching client need with capital, and that’s across insurance and reinsurance. And you will see us continue to try to find ways to innovate and find the right capital to meet our clients’ needs. An alternative capital will be part of the solution.
Michael O'Connor: Greg, just to pick up on that, I think certainly Lloyd’s is getting a lot of attention and a lot of coverage in terms of its move towards creating more profitable underwriting platforms through the syndicate. I think it’s also worth noting, and maybe not as well covered, that insurers all over the world and looking at their bottom 10% of their portfolios and trying to reposition their business. It’s just not as well publicized. But, certainly, that move is going on everywhere where people are looking at business, where they're not getting an adequate rate of return, and either raising price, changing terms or exiting the solution line.
Eric Andersen: Sure. Let me go a little bit deeper on the mortgage market then. As you said, we are working with our clients and capital providers to make a new market. What we did was we took unique data sets about the mortgage industry, its risk factors and then we played the role using our data and analytics capabilities to be the bridge that actually creates the risk construct that the insurers and reinsurers can put their capital against. It creates an alternative funding source for our clients and it creates a new risk pool that the insurers and reinsurers can invest. But the reality is, it all started with pulling the team together across reinsurance, across commercial risk and all the various capabilities using those cutting-edge analytics and structuring expertise to be able to build that new risk area. And it really is a new market.
Eric Andersen: And just to pick up, Mike, I would say on the reinsurance solution line of the business, there is also a global platform that organizes all types of client data, reinsurer data, placement data, that actually provides our brokers with more insight and our clients with more insight to be able to make better choices between risk and capital. I would also say that information, tying back to the question around Inpoint, that information actually feeds and works with our Inpoint teams to provide the front-end business consulting that our clients are looking for around their own strategies to grow, to build into markets, etc. So, it really does all tie together.
Eric Andersen: Sure. It’s almost a – it’s a great Aon United story as well. In reinsurance, there is a technology platform called ReMetrica that we use. It actually helps the insurers understand their capital requirements as they are underwriting business. That same system is useful to our investment consulting team as they try and build the right type of portfolio for the insurance company client base. So, it’s just a good example of where we are able to use existing capabilities to help other solution lines drive new capability and new client demand and new client satisfaction. So, there is a couple of them out there, but just to stick with that one, it’s just, I think, a great example.
Eric Andersen: Yeah. It’s a great question. I would say a couple of thoughts. One is, alternative capital is essentially just a different pool of capital, right? So, we call it alternative because it is an M&A from the insurance space, in particular. It is continuing to drive closer and closer to the original client risk as opposed to where it had started which is in the retrocessional market. It continues to be innovative. It continues to be creative to try and drive new solutions in areas where we have historically not been able to create client solutions sort of solving with existing capital basis, whether it’s in pandemic areas or other sort of large exposures. So, they're proven to be very good partners and thought partners to how to innovate. And I know just maybe looking over to Mike, the solutions that it is trying to drive into this market commercial risk market as it tries to get closer the front-end customers, certainly, something that we see continuing in the future.
