Edward Tilly: Thank you, Brian. In closing, I would like to thank our team for the incredible progress made throughout the third quarter. We have much to be proud of as we expand our business and continue to deliver on the goals to create a more sustainable future.  As an operator of markets around the globe, we continue to be focused on our carbon footprint, as well as making a positive impact in the communities around the world in which we live and work. We have a lot of momentum going into the final quarter of the year and are well-positioned for a strong finish to 2022. 
Edward Tilly: Terrific place to start. Well, this is a continuation of that trend, I think, you called very, very early, and that is the interest in macro hedging in an uncertain market. And we reported on this last quarter and the quarter before and this is the continuation of the build.  So the short answer is, I do think it's sustainable. I'll give you a number of reasons. But I want to distinguish between retail platforms and retail engagements. And the volume that we've seen in SPX on the zero days to expiry are coming from retail platforms, not necessarily retail. And I think that's sustainable. Because once you begin using defined outcome or limited risk position, those strategies work in any volatility in any market environment. So, I think there is a continuation. Once our customers, both semi pro, pro and retail, learn a strategy, they tend to continue and use that strategy in any environment. So I do think that build will continue.  Specifically to rolling out to new products in retail, you've seen us roll out the zero days or adding Tuesday, Thursday, in other words, into XSP, which, as you know, is one-tenth the notional size of SPX. That's our first break into retail. We've seen that volume in XSP go up 50% since adding Tuesday, Thursday, and that growth continues month in, month out. So we're just starting, I think, to make the conversion of retail and embracing these super short-dated positions in the most uncertain market.  And then, as for the macro market, the volatility term structure and, of course, the financial news has us all watching that news each and every day and every hour. And I think these short-dated options and the strategies that we're seeing, certainly, will be around for quite some time and convertible to any market environment. So hope I answered heard the question.
Edward Tilly: I would say, they're not necessarily linked as far as us providing guidance for 4Q revenue. Obviously, we've seen it very strong, we've issued the October volumes that you've seen already a strong October and then, obviously, our volumes are there for folks to see on all of our markets. So we continue to see very strong momentum going into the in the midst of the fourth quarter.  As far as the expense guide reflecting, just, for example, take a look at the midpoint of the range, yes, we are assuming that we are going to continue to grow that expense base, again, driven by, as we continue to add headcount, continue as far as growing our initiatives, as we continue to look to probably pick up a little bit more of our professional services, as we move some of our initiatives moving forward, as we look at – like, we do as with our integration efforts, things that hit the P&L like purchase hardware, things like that that's basically continuing our plans as we continue to ramp up, invest in those activities. This is just a continuation of everything we've been doing all along, throughout 2022.  So really no change as we continue to grow into the profile, again, albeit a little bit slower than what we'd originally forecasted, from the beginning of the year, given some of the hiring challenges we've had as far as getting the right people in, but really not slowing us down at this point. Again, it's business as usual.
Edward Tilly: In my prepared remarks, we talked about how we don't want to provide that guidance quite yet for 2023, as we finalize our budget, working with our board and finalize those plans, and really – which leads into the answer to your next set of questions about pace and how we're thinking about it.  As we think about our overall trajectory and we look at – again, our goal is to drive that long term shareholder value, which we believe a key to that is driving that long term revenue growth rate, with those high conviction, high growth type of opportunities, of which we've been talking about more explicitly and raise that investment level over the last couple of years. And we're starting to [Technical Difficulty] pay off.  So, we don't envision having to change that. We're continuing to assess that, make sure we understand the ROI from those specific investments spends. So that's a little bit of that time that we're still taking a look at, which will inform the level of that investment going into 2023, into 2024. So we'll take an assessment of those investments and that performance and the revenue generation.  As far as the inflation impact, if you look at kind of, I'll call it, just from a pure wage standpoint, if you look at relative just to kind of a base merit poll, you look at promotions, you look at just – we did an inflation adjustment mid-year, that's probably in a range of the highs that we've seen in a long time. And that's probably 7% to 8% factored into 2022 that we've seen as far as kind of those overall wages.  If you look at the entire bucket, we don't necessarily see that inflationary pressure going away as we look at the labor market. So that is something we're also baking in, as I referenced in our remarks.  So the overall pace of investments, again, we'll continue to look at our opportunities and titrate that as we see fit. And as those continue to show more and more promising signs, we'll continue to invest behind that. 
David Howson: Yes, certainly. As you see this year, we put our guide up to 10% to 13% growth in 2022 and maintain that 7% to 10% guidance for next year. And what we certainly see is continued demand for accessing capacity to our 26 platforms around the world, with customers really positioning them to enable them to have capacity for any market move, any market condition, really not wanting to shortcut themselves in the event that capacity is required. And certainly, that demand continues also for the market data products themselves, as well as we see ourselves packaging and bundling that data from those 26 platforms.  So in terms of the market environment, the demand we see continues, and specifically, the packaging and bundling of data there with Cboe One Canada added recently in the last quarter and also our ability to get to more users around the world, whether that be through the CBOE Global Cloud distribution – again, this quarter, we added European data to that proposition, really reaching people where they are and how they want to consume that data.  And then finally, thinking about packaging and creating data products from that data, we've got the derivative index benchmarks, particularly coming in vogue [Technical Difficulty] taking the data, using our index calculation capabilities, and then creating products from them and then us being able to list those products back on the platform, really creating that procyclical demand for our data products coming from our venues and the data themselves. So next year, feel confident in that 7% to 10% guide. 
David Howson: Certainly, when we go back to the data and access segment, again, we see 60% of the growth coming from outside of the United States. But when you look at total revenues, revenue is around about 20% from outside the United States today. So, it's a big runway for us there with the data and access capabilities, as we've seen there, and we were able to access that through the acquisitions that we've made, as you rightly mentioned there. Those boots on the ground, those relationships, those access to new customers, really coming to fruition as we continue to integrate those companies, readying for those all-important replatforms next year to allow us to get to broader customer base and really sell the data that we've got with that and continued interest in US data, in particular.
David Howson: Really great contour to the question there. In terms of the pricing in Cboe Europe, what we've got is actually reasonably static trading prices over the last couple of years. The real differentiator in the last year to give us that 600 basis point increase in one year has really been around data-driven analytics that we presented to our customers, which has then induced changes in behavior on the realization that you can get the same or better outcomes for your customers by choosing a different place to post your orders. And in this case, it's on Cboe.  That growth that we've seen continue into October with market share touching 26%, making us the number one exchange for the fourth month in a row. So, the trade-off there is really around any volumes that push people through those tiers, their incremental tiers, unlike in the US where they're more cliff edge tier. So, again, a different console there.  And then you mentioned data and the quality and the pricing of data there. What we also have on top of our exchanges in Europe is a trade reporting mechanism. And with that trade reporting mechanism and the 26% market share, 33% intraday, produces us – puts us in a place where we are – over our data feed, produce and see one in every two equity trades that happens in Europe. So, there, in the hole, that data product, that value in that data continues to improve and increase.  And then, when we talk about our value lever and our flywheel, we think about the indices that are produced off the back of those equity prices that we've got in the franchise, which then leads to our derivatives capability and then [indiscernible].  And then, of course, with that data all available now, in the last quarter, in the cloud, we can get that data produced to all of our global customers around the world in every country and wherever there is an internet connection. 
