Edward Tilly: Rich, good morning and thanks. It is a great question and it’s one that we continue to ask institutional investors. You're right. The stalemate is probably the best description I would use, I’m with you. We look at a relatively flat vol surface is really the most uncertain of times. There is no conviction either way. And as we said actually last quarter, you need to see the end of the event that's causing the uncertainty and there’s no end in sight quite honestly. We don't know how this pandemic ends, we don't know when it's going to our end and we don't know when institutions will go onto the sidelines more aggressively, actually 2x more greater the move to cash than we saw at the end of the financial crisis. That’s incredible from an institutional perspective. So I don't know. None of us know when the event is going to end. But it is at that point that we think we’ll see institutions reengage. It's when an uncorrelated market finds institutions back and hedging goes back to macro hedging as opposed to micro single-name hedging. So I don't have a clear answer for you, but it’s the same answer I gave you last quarter. When the event – when we can see the end of the event. Now to be clear, the event doesn’t have to end. We have to be able to see through the event and that's when I think we get institutions to reengage off the sidelines out of cash and reengaging in the unique products that we have at Cboe. 
Edward Tilly: We see an ebb and flow there, Rich, what I think is really interesting and I'm anticipating a pickup more on the interest in and around the October and November – still we have the bump in October and November. That’s going to be interesting too. I think we do turn our attention as most are reading to the election cycle in the beginning in mid-August. So I think we'll see trade around there and just positioning for the long-term. That’s an institutional play. A little bit more color on engagement. We see retail really trading very, very short dated options. In SPY, for example, 20% of the trades in SPY are opened the day the contract expires, 40% of the volumes within two days of expiry. That’s not an institutional trading pattern. I think more likely we will see some positioning around the election and positioning for the longer term regardless of whether or not COVID is behind us or there’s an end in sight. You need to position for this election.
Edward Tilly: I’m sorry. I thought I had explained the SPY. So the SPY in very short term, those are day trades. Of the 20% of the contracts that are traded with a one-day expiry, meaning expiration day, 50% of those are opening. So 50% are closing. So I’d make the leap that those are a day trade in SPY, not an institutional action. The statistics for SPX are a bit different. 40% of those trades – I’m sorry, 20% of those trades are within a few days and that’s just different. And the notional size of the contract for SPX is really then pure institutional and the bite size really retail and SPY. So a little different on the observations of what SPY is being used for. It doesn’t appear to be a macro hedge. It appears to be a day trade. And SPX has not really been a day trade. There has been premium strategies used in the weekly, but those tend to be days and not hours and that’s the difference in the trading pattern that we’ve observed in this cycle. So I don’t know what other insight to give you. Just that notional size being so different in SPX is just not gaining the day trade attraction that small notional SPY is.
Edward Tilly: I think your observation on the June contract might be right, but as of late it looks like the same pattern we see in SPX. So, love to see – maybe that’s your internal data, but that’s – I’m looking at E-mini volume now and I don’t have the same observation you do, Ken, but we’ll certainly dig into it for you.
Edward Tilly: Let me talk more broadly. Thank you for the question. Let me speak more broadly and Chris will dive down into retail priority and then periodic auction. This is a continuation to offer a more services and order types to our customers who are looking for differences in trading U.S. equities. We look at the opportunities out there and just launching another exchange that doesn’t have any new value add is interesting, but we think more interesting is offering more order types and solutions for our customers. So with your specific question, let me turn to Chris. But think of our longer-term view as more broadly offering solutions to our customers, whether it’s U.S. equities, U.S. derivatives, European equities, building European derivatives, that’s really what we’re about. So Chris can get a little more specific into customer priority and then perhaps a word or two on periodic auctions in the U.S.
Edward Tilly: Ken, good question. Thanks for asking. So we did see our first trades on Cboe closing cross or Cboe market close here in the U.S. here this summer, so we’re excited about that. We have seen a lot of our large customers who use this product kind of come out of change freezes as they’ve adapted to this COVID-19 work-from-home environment. So those change freezes have sod. I’d also mention the 3C, the Cboe Closing Cross in Europe has started to see some nice volumes. We’ve seen actually in June almost €20 million a day across Cboe Closing Cross. So we’re still very excited about both products, both in Europe and the U.S. We think there’s demand for this given the relatively very high margins that the primary listing exchange has had here in the Closing Cross and that’s still a large percentage of the market if you look in first quarter and second quarter, it’s still between 5% and 6% of overall volume was happening in the close. So it’s a part of the market that we are competing in and plan to compete in even more aggressively.
Edward Tilly: Great questions, Brian. Let me start with the trading floor. No, I don’t think – I know the trading floor is not overwhelmed by any circumstance. As a matter of fact, we think the reopening of the floor and the reconfiguration is highly effective. The feedback from brokers and market makers is they are ready. They are ready for today’s volume and more. So we think we’re well positioned for the eventual return of those most complex orders in a hybrid environment. As to preparing for and what we hinted to last time was we need to be ready should we need to close the floor if the state or the country changes its phasing during this pandemic. Chris will give you an update on that readiness. You may know that publicly we’ve filed rule filings for a virtual approach to trading. A lot of the gaps we noticed in able to access the supply of deep liquidity of SPX market makers was a bit at times encumbered by an all-electronic environment and we struck out and needed to solve for that. So Chris can give you an update on that progress. And then for Mini-VIX, yes, we do think this will be a retail engagement here. That is exactly why we’re launching Mini-VIX at this time. There’s been great interest in smaller sized contracts, smaller notional contracts that is really retail friendly. It goes back to a lot of the observations that Ken had earlier in the Q&A. And we look forward to that launch, again pending regulatory review in August. And then most importantly, education remains the key driver in organic growth. It’s those touch points and engagement with the massive amounts of interest in the broad U.S. market who are still not engaged in derivatives speculation or derivatives hedging. That’s always going to be the target. And finding new ways in this environment to reach out, touch, engage and to teach is what we have been doing over the past months and I think we’re making great progress given the current environment. But I don’t want to leave without Chris’ answer as to how we’ve done in our readiness, pending regulatory approval of our solution for virtual trading floor.
Edward Tilly: It’s typical of a product launch. We’ve started with the target that we believe and of course the conversations and the design then we bring in exactly the retail online brokers to your point. So yes, there’s been great dialogue and interest expressed in that size contract for VIX.
Edward Tilly: I think it’s broader question than the VIX franchise. I think that in low interest rates environments, the search for a return really lends basic overwrite strategies, long positions in equities but the overwrite strategy or a premium harvesting that we’ve seen in past environments in low interest rates really lends well for derivative trading overall. The constant roll in harvesting premium has been a pattern we’ve seen in very low interest rates environments where there’s a search for a yield. It’s just that simple. So we think the continuation of a low environment will be very position for those that will learn how to harvest premium and/or simple overwrite strategy of long equity positions after what has been a bull run in a handful of stocks. We think maintaining those positions with derivatives in a low interest rate environment will continue.
Edward Tilly: It’s a great question. And yes, there has been incentives in place and of late we’ve had some great success in share. So I’ll turn it over to Chris to describe a little bit of the new program that we’ve put in place to better incent BBO pricing. It’s really an added maker incentive in our lit book. We’ve seen early wins as we’ve begun to roll this out across geographies. But Chris, a little bit more color.
Edward Tilly: Actually what we’ve maintained all along whether it’s an issuer of an ETP or an ETF or a liquidity provider who pivots and changes their focus, there’s always someone and some institution willing to fill the gap if there’s customer demand. So as we anticipated, we’re already seeing inflows from other ETPs and new funds are being created to fill the void created by TVIX. So not surprising, we saw in June 22 I think the TVIX delist announcement where their AUM declined to about 600 million from 1.5 million, but at the same time we saw UVXY, which is a 1.5 levered ETP increase to 1.2 billion in AUM from 700 million and [indiscernible] increase to nearly 700 million from 500 million. So net-net, if you look at the complex of TVIX, UVXY and [indiscernible], if I add those together before launch and today we’re down about 200 million out of 2.5 billion. And that’s all before the new – there’s a new 2x long ETP filed at the SEC from volatility shares that still has not launched. So we always see someone willing to fill the gap if there’s customer demand for products. So I don’t at this point see any long-term effect of one group exiting and others we willing to step up and take the place because there’s customer demand for this kind of exposure. So at the end of the day, I think this – we’ll see nothing to – up to growth because there’s demand for the products.
Edward Tilly: It’s a great question. I would say – since we haven’t closed yet, it will learn a lot on integration. As you may or may not recall from our announcement, we’re able to keep the team that’s built MATCHNow which is an incredible addition to us and the entire MATCHNow team will be joining our North American equities division. And it’s with that insight and learning from one another that we’ll be assessing whether or not and how to expand in Canada, whether it’s with MATCHNow growing or if we have to look at other alternatives for growth in Canada. So we’re not done. We haven’t closed and nor have we been able to really seek the incredible insight into the Canadian equities market from the MATCHNow team. So please give us a little patience until we close so we can share with you our vision for Canada. We love the market, a lot of the same customers, but we’re going to be introduced to new customers as well. So let us assess that a little bit more after we close and I think we can be a whole lot more transparent once we get closing and able to share with you some more vision.
Edward Tilly: Yes, that’s great. I love the way you framed the question because we do look at the opportunity as really an ecosystem. And the most successful ecosystems and trading environment is one where there’s deep liquidity for institutions. There’s small bite sized liquidity for customers. That interaction is incredibly powerful because you can actually satisfy the demand from any size user. And then from our perspective we’re able to take further advantage by having volatility products linked to both. So it’s that ecosystem that’s the most powerful and we do grow the pie in its entirety, including futures at CME. The big difference really from a retail size micro option is the difference, the huge difference between retail investors who have securities accounts and the very few retail investors that have futures accounts. There just are not that many. They tend to be the most sophisticated that go and continue to click through online retail brokers for futures accounts. What we’ve learned also and it goes back to Ken’s question, the beauty of having a research department here at Cboe is I’ve had people digging for the growth that Ken sees in E-minis and compared to SPX and options on the E-minis, I haven’t seen it. We can’t find it. It looks pretty flat lined to us, but it’s a comparison that we’d like to take up with Ken later. But more to your question, yes, we see the entire product growing when we can attract more customers into the complex and we think – we both will benefit if the pie grows. Love to see futures grow at CME by the way. That means that there’s institutions being satisfied and their derivatives tend to trade with us when prices are set.
Edward Tilly: Rich, look, as for time, this is our time with you, so please don’t apologize for that. We definitely appreciate the follow-up question. What we do in the U.S. currently in the U.S. market is lit, but I’ll have Chris give you a little bit more color on importing the expertise and what we’ve learned in Europe to our market share in the U.S. But yes, currently we play in the lit market in the U.S.
Brian Schell: Thanks, Michael. Good questions. And I think you're right. The crystal ball for '21 is a bit of a challenge and we're going through that process now. I think that we've tried to give pretty good color on the acquisition related. So when you get to – I think it will be a little cleaner in the third quarter. We’ll highlight that. So when we get to the third quarter, we’ll see that. But I think you should get a pretty good sense of the acquisition run rate. You should get a pretty good picture now when you look at the quarter and what the incrementality of I would say the largest piece of that kind of on a go-forward right now is the EuroCCP and the European derivatives build-out costs with, I mentioned that. I’ll call it that one-time kind of startup fees with getting that going, but I don't expect to be part of 2021 run rate. The COVID-19 costs, that's also I think is a really good question that a lot of firms are going to look at. There may be a – we’re going to balance the going back to normal, which again what is the new normal and are there things we can actually do as an organization and all organizations can do that actually are probably at a lower cost and get the job done than maybe what we were doing in the past. And so it probably – it does not look like what the structure looked like previously before the pandemic. So, we're going to work our way through that. That’s when we’ll give you more guidance on what does that look like as we’re getting closer to the fourth quarter and what does that run rate look like. On the revenue associated, we try to give some visibility to that with the EuroCCP when we provided the full year financials. And then with the acquisitions within the group, within the Information Services group with Hanweck and FT and Trade Alert, I think you're seeing that run rate effectively now when you look along there. So when you add all those components, that should give you a pretty good sense of that at least base without any incremental growth going into 2021.
Brian Schell: And Ken, this is not – it’s somewhat obvious, but this is not a Cboe specific issue. When it comes SPX and retail, we’re actually seeing increased activity but it is a more institutional product than others. And when you look across institutional products, I’d look to Europe for example. Great, great example because those exchanges tend to trade and be more levered to institutional market participants. You’ve seen the results there. In the U.S., look, there are not a lot of index options products out there outside of Cboe. There is at least one example you can look to that’s not a Cboe product and you’ll see that the results there are quite similar if not more dramatic. So the evidence is out there everywhere in terms of institutional participants on the sideline and that’s impacting our numbers in terms of SPX and VIX.
Brian Schell: Yes. Chris, I’m looking to kind of pull the first half numbers so we can certainly update that later. But I would say that the first quarter numbers – excuse me, the first half numbers looked – there was growth versus kind of – because I think we had published the 2019 numbers, but they saw a nice increase in the first quarter as overall volumes increased. So they are running ahead of last year, at least the first six months to date. But we’ll have to get back. We can publish that number for you to get that. I don’t have that right at hand. I don’t know, Debbie, if you have it or not. But it’s certainly running ahead on a year-to-date basis relative to the prior year.
Brian Schell: Yes. As far as the magnitude of the need, I will say that -- I’ll try to frame that in the context of what we’ve done. I’m not a 100% sure what that question evolves, but I’ll take a shot at the hypothesis of what you’re asking for. The business that we have invested in that are now part of Cboe, the good news is, is they are already profitable, they’re already contributing, they’re already integrated as far as what we have closed. Obviously EuroCCP is a little bit further down the path there. But the ones you mentioned on the information services group, I will mention that. So there’s not a lot of necessarily incremental investment or CapEx or things along those lines. If that was, call it a tangent of one of your questions. From a broader capital allocation perspective, it’s really a very similar story as continuing to look at those things that again continued to help drive the growth of proprietary products, they continue to help our expansion into the new jurisdictions, they continue to leverage the existing asset classes. So with our balance sheet, we have a lot of flexibility. If we have to access the capital markets from a debt perspective, that’s easy to do from where we are. It’s a terrific interest rate environment to be able to do that. So that’s a very broad question, but I’ll just say – I’ll leave you with of what we’ve acquired. It’s fairly well integrated and I think we’ve laid out kind of what is required in the overall investment needs. So I’m not as concerned that that is going to be a big cash draw. And should something that come to fruition that requires more balance sheet leverage, we think we have the capacity to do that.
Brian Schell: I think that’s still going to be the primary base for being able to model '21, because it’s going to have all of the – our information services group in there, we’ll have hopefully MATCHNow in there, we’ll have EuroCCP in there, we’ll have a better baseline of I’ll call it core or existing in there. So I still think that’s going to be the best jumping off point. The percentage changes the way people have traditionally modeled expenses and say, what was this? And then you have X amount of growth over the prior year, the percentages may look a little tricky just because of the environment that we’re in. And depending on where we are in fourth quarter relative to where we are at the pandemic and what the world looks like from that perspective. So I still think that that’s going to be our best starting point, because it will have everything integrated in there. So hopefully that answers your – Kyle, again a good question. But if not a follow up, please ask. But there was a question earlier on the EuroCCP first half performance. I did have a chance to – people have fed a little bit information back. It looks like the first half performance on revenues, again these are all unaudited and everything else, but it looks like the top line revenue was about a 60% increase over the prior year in the first half for EuroCCP. So I wanted to mention that to folks. And obviously that will fall to the operating leverage to the bottom line impact as well. But again, as I mentioned, they had a very strong first quarter with the activity and that has definitely showed up in their results in the first half of the year.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. Thanks, Ed. James, as Ed mentioned, this is really focusing on the diversity of our business. So if you think about retail priority in U.S. equities, we all know that with zero commissions there’s been a large retail push in our work-from-home environment. Retail trading has really picked up. We’ve seen reports where retail trading or retail percentage of the market’s gone up to maybe 25% of the market. So where retail priority has been above 100 million shares a day for us in ADV, we continue to see growth as more and more retail brokers as well as wholesalers sign on to this, because of the execution quality that is noticeably better. It’s all data driven based on BZX. So we see further growth here for a retail priority as obviously a bunch of this volume that remains elevated despite the high volatility is coming from retail. I’d also mention periodic auctions. As we said in the script, that’s something we created basically out of nothing in Europe in 2015. Dave Howson and team built periodic auctions and now it’s about 2 percentage points of the entire European market. We’d like to bring something very similar here in the U.S. The market structure’s a big different, but we think the opportunity is similar to provide a higher trading size, a lower impact, innovation in our equities markets. These two things are really highlighting the fact that we plan to bring innovation in every market in which we operate, and we operate a lot of markets across five business lines and 15 markets every day and we plan to compete and innovate in each one of them and these are just two examples of that.
Chris Isaacson: As Ed said, we’re very excited about European derivatives because we’ve learned a lot of lessons over many decades in the U.S., especially recently, including during while the trading floor was closed and then reopened. We plan to apply in the European derivatives to bring that liquidity to the screen with better tight quotes than there are today where the markets frankly are – our Colorado market with wide quote. So a lot of demand here from market markers and we think the end users will be there as well as they see the quote quality, so very excited about launching European derivatives in the first half next year as we’re integrating EuroCCP and then building upon our technology advantage with utilizing the Cboe technology as we have in the U.S. and Europe to really catapult us into launching that market.
Chris Isaacson: And Alex, I’d just mention, MEMEX, obviously been a long time in the making. We have respect for their ownership base and then as competitors we welcome the competition. But we feel like we’re well prepared to compete. And as I mentioned previously, we have a lot of innovations we’re bringing to the equities market. It has been very competitive and will remain very competitive and we think we’re well positioned into the future even as MEMEX and others join.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, I’d just say, Ari, that one of our strategic growth drivers as Ed mentioned in his script is obviously geographic expansion as well as asset class diversification. So MATCHNow fits very nicely into our North American equities business. It lets us get into a new geography. If you look in the way in which we expanded to new geographies given the Bats heritage in Europe starting with a relatively footprint and then over time growing to a great scale, we look forward to integrating MATCHNow into Cboe using our world class technology and then over time growing our footprint there potentially beyond where we’re starting. So quite excited about this. And as Brian mentioned, it’s a profitable business which fits very nicely.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, absolutely, Brian. So we have been working behind the scenes on this virtual trading floor concept should we need to close the trading floor again because of COVID-19 and if there are any other further outbreaks in the Chicago area. So we’ve been working very closely. We filed with the SEC June 12, so you can look at that filing. And it just gives us another option or another choice if we would have to close. I’d also mention, we learned a lot through going all-electronic when the floor was closed for about three months and we accelerated some of the functionality we had with our Silexx platform in order to effectuate a lot of trading during that time. So it’s not just the virtual trading floor efforts we’re making but also the efforts on our OEMS with Silexx also. And then just one last thing on Mini-VIX, I’d mention the market maker engagement has been tremendous. The commitment there to this product as we believe retail participation will be high and retail interest is high, so we’re very excited about that.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, absolutely. Alex, we did see a dip in market share in Europe but we’ve seen actually a return, a growth here actually in July. We’re above 18% which is actually above where the Q1 market share was and that is a result of, as Ed said, the additional liquidity provider scheme we put in place. It’s really focused on the CXC lit book there. We’ve rolled that out across most of the European markets and we’ll do it on the remainder very soon. So Dave Howson and team have done a great job of engaging with our clients, putting in a liquidity provider scheme that will help improve market quality and therefore the volume is following. I’d also mention on that that one of the things that was a drag on market share was short sale bands that have since fallen off, but it’s been helpful for our market share and overall volumes.
Chris Isaacson: So on periodic auctions, Rich, so obviously there’s no trade through rule in Europe but there is in the U.S. We’ll be abiding by that. This is all in the rule filing. But the details are; there will be a certain amount of transparency around periodic auctions but not too much as to create market impact. We’ll be abiding by the trade through rule and there will be – but there will be periodic and kind of randomized option periods so as to minimize that market impact. So we’ve taken what we’ve learned in the market construct in Europe and we’re applying to U.S. market structure under Reg NMS. We especially think this might be useful some securities where some more illiquid securities, frankly they’re harder to trade in a purely continuous market where there’s been a lot of market structure discussion about the best way to facilitate trading in those securities. So this is just one of many things we’re doing across the globe and applying lessons learned in one geography or asset class to another.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. On the SIP question, so obviously we will get trade revenue from that for reporting trades that happen through periodic auctions. I don’t believe there are going to be any core revenue.
John Deters: Ari, this is John. I’d really emphasize all those points. This is a strategic priority for you. You see it on the very first page of our deck. It’s one of the top, call it seven, global equity markets adjacent to us, very sophisticated market participants. We will continue to look at markets like this and pick our sweet spot for entry. We like this spot for entry because it’s a unique platform in Canada. Very, very strong position in the new and growing dark segment of the market, which is a very different market structure in Canada and this is a new offering to the market. So we like that start point. We like it profitable. And from there we’re creating a map to grow our presence in Canada.
John Deters: Brian, this is John. Just on retail again, while we see cyclical trough in institutional retail we believe here is a secular catalyst and we’re leaning into it. Mini-VIX is a great example. I think target outcome products are another great example, just an amazing performance over the past 12 months because of retail’s attention to this product. And we’ve done a lot of engineering around that. And then our internal data project that helps us understand what retail is doing and educate, as Ed and Chris mentioned. We are leaning into the secular growth story on retail and we like that quite a bit.
John Deters: Yes. The online brokers are very supportive of this. They see quite a bit of demand behind the product.
