Brian Schell: Thanks, Alan. We continue to take a balanced approach to our capital management that we believe results in long-term shareholder value. As such, our capital allocation priorities have not changed. We plan to invest in the growth of our business, return capital through dividends and utilize excess cash to pay down our five year term loan as quickly as possible. Consistent with that philosophy, last week our board declared a dividend for the third quarter and raised the third quarter dividend by 8% to $0.27 per share from $0.25 per share. Our quarterly results once again generated strong cash flows, which enabled us to reduce our debt by an additional $75 million and still end the quarter with adjusted cash and investments of $149 million. During the quarter, we also completed an offering of $300 million of two year 1.95% senior notes. All of the net proceeds were used to pay down a portion of the five year term loan. This transaction resulted in a compression of our interest rate spread and, by converting a portion of our debt from floating rate to fixed rate, reduced our interest rate exposure to possible future interest rate hikes. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio based on trailing 12 months adjusted combined EBITDA at quarter end was 2.1x, which is down from 2.4x at the end of the first quarter. And while we don't have a specific leverage ratio target we are currently managing to, we will look to reduce our debt to enhance our balance sheet flexibility. While we did not make any share repurchases in the second quarter, we may allocate capital to make opportunistic share repurchases in the future, depending on the circumstances. To summarize, during the second quarter, we built on the strong momentum we experienced in the first quarter and continued to demonstrate the strength of our proprietary index products, generating strong organic growth; diversifying and stabilizing our revenue streams with increased mix of non-transaction revenues; disciplined expense management; leveraging the scale of our business model, producing higher profitability margins; an integration plan on track with a strong cost synergy realization; and finally, ongoing focus on capital allocation by reducing debt and increasing our quarterly dividend. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we are making and are excited about the strength of our core business. We are committed to maintaining our focus on expense discipline and driving enhanced returns for our shareholders. With that, we thank you for your time this morning. We'll turn it back to Debbie for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Brian Schell: Sure. Kyle, the -- as all capital management and capital allocation decisions, we review this pretty regularly with our board. Looking at our current situation, our cash flows, our expectations and our historical capital allocation choices. And again, with the ultimate goal of -- as most leadership teams should be, of delivering -- how do we deliver that best long-term shareholder value? And as we've previously stated, as we looked at the leverage and, specifically, our goal and our focus has been to delever, producing obviously lower interest cost. And more importantly is that balance sheet flexibility that put us -- this combination to come together and be as accretive as it has been to-date. Had there been a highly leveraged CBOE pre-acquisition, it may not have looked the same way. The execution may have gone in the same way, so that discipline and that focus enabled this to come together. So we are looking towards getting back to that without saying, we need to pay x leverage ratio to get back to. So again, it's the flexibility and the capacity that will get us there, and if there's an outcome of things positive that come along the way, whether it's lower cost ratings upgrade, that's not our goal. Again, the goal is to get to the best position.
Brian Schell: Yes, so I wouldn't -- I mean, as you model that out, I would just continue to look for -- as we've talked about kind of what are we -- and this goes back to the original kind of capital allocation question and our focus on delevering. So we would continue to, as far as reviewing these decisions with our board, continuing to model that out. We've talked about our prioritization with making sure the business has adequate capital as far as the -- everything we need to fund the business. But we will continue -- expectations are that we continue to focus on delevering. And we see that pace, whether that picks up or changes, again, depends on the opportunities in front of us. And so all along that mix. So we would continue to expect to see a declining interest rate. As far as the aggregate amount roll forward as we continue to delever.
Alan Dean: Yes Rich. That is the way we would calculate it, and if nothing changed, there would be another $7 million in Q3 and Q4. We did modify our expense guidance for 2017, guiding to the lower end of the range. And that does imply increased expenses for the third and fourth quarter, and that's the way we currently see it. I hope that we come in below that. But right now, what we think is achievable is that the lower end of that range, Rich. You can't count your chickens until they're hatched, and so we have work to do, and I think another part of your question was you implied that there might be further synergies happening later in the year, and yes, that's true, but the bulk of the synergies happened early on. Ed Tilly and Chris Concannon worked hard to give us a strong start out-of-the-box on the realization of synergies, and so when February 28 came around, we closed the transaction. Lot of things were ready to be implemented, and we did it. And the low hanging fruit, things like audit fees and board fees and insurance, those were realized relatively quickly as well. So to summarize, Rich, we do see the possibility that expenses will rise in the third and fourth quarter, and that's why we maintain that guidance range of $415 million to $423 million, but we're guiding towards the bottom end of that range.
Alan Dean: Yes. This is Alan, Kyle. I'll add that the philosophy of our board, the objective of our board hasn't changed, don't hang on to shareholder cash. And we're going to find ways to get those monies back to shareholders, and we've demonstrated that in the past, and we will in the future as well.
Alan Dean: So, this is Alan, Alex. We are fortunate to be in an industry and a business that doesn't require huge CapEx commitments. It's largely IT, and we -- and the cost of IT equipment over the years has been coming down. So we will reinvest in our business as we need to, to ensure our future growth in the segments. And I -- we will do that. And as far as expenses goes, our goal line expenses is to see increases that mirror or parallel inflationary rates. So 3% to 5% is kind of where we want to be. Of course, that will be net of any future synergies that we still expect that we'll realize some expense reductions in the future. But that's our goal. And I will add that absolutely the biggest investment that CBOE ever made was just in February, the acquisition of Bats, and that turned out pretty good. So really staying the course, conservative on expenses, conservative on CapEx. The CapEx needs are minimal and to ensure future growth. So not much new there, Alex.
Alan Dean: And Alex, we should benefit from this $300 million note deal that we did at the end of June. There's a nice interest rate pickup there, nice savings that will flow to our shareholders. So that, combined with the deleveraging effort, you need to look at our 2Q interest expense and then factor in those couple of things, and then you'll get to the rest of the year.
Alan Dean: Yes. So I'm going to touch on SPX and CFE VIX futures and VIX options. We do have the greatest amount of pricing power in VIX futures. The notional size of that kind of [indiscernible] is large. It's -- there aren't economic equivalents that really match up well to that product, and so the combination notional value and the proprietary nature of the product gives us maximum flexibility on pricing. Now with that being said, we try to be really deliberate and thoughtful in what we do on pricing for that product. We don't want to turn off any new or turn off any existing customers. We'd rather have a new customer come and start trading VIX futures and then stay there and trade and trade and trade. I'd like to see revenue grow that way rather than have an existing customer leave or a new customer not come at us because of price, so we're really careful about what we do there. On SPX, there's more economic equivalence out there than on VIX futures. You have spiders, you have the futures at the Merc. You have options on the futures at the Merc. You have over-the-counter. So it's a little bit more complex. But the same strategy holds. So even though we have less pricing power there. Still, our emphasis is on driving revenue through increased customers. VIX options, that contract is one-tenth the size of VIX futures. And so of all of our proprietary products, that's the one we see the most pushback from customers from. And that's probably the product that we have the least amount of pricing power. And in fact, we've given customer accommodations that actually slightly lower our RPC in that product over time. And I would expect that the RPC in that product would -- the chances of that going up are the least of all of our proprietary products.
Ed Tilly: Michael, great question. It's one that we focus on, probably the first question our board asks us at every quarterly meeting. They too see the opportunities to execute on the revenue synergies that we laid out, gosh, almost a year ago. But really the opportunity we continue to focus on here, is growing the index complex, really leading with this incredible uptake in volatility trading, even in a low environment. So VIX futures and options, and then the growing appeal and the flexibility that our retail customers are seeing in a Monday, Wednesday, Friday SPX complex. So the opportunities are to take those core index products and use the broadened and expanded business development lines, that is really leveraging the U.S. team here and really looking to Mark Hemsley, who runs the European operation, getting his team up to speed on education. I think I mentioned last quarter, that we were sending our own options institute instructors over to Mark's team in order to really get them up to speed, inform -- a much, much more informed lead generation, so that we can grow this product not just domestically, but globally. So that remains the focus. This will continue to be an index story, I think, proved out in both high and historically -- incredibly historically low volatility. So that's the core. But you did bring up a good mention of our interesting release yesterday. I want to turn it over to Chris and maybe John Deters. Just a little bit of overview, while we're sticking to the core, we're still looking to the future to build new opportunities that we'll be able to tell you stories in the coming quarters. So John and Chris, if you could maybe kind of give an overview of the relationship with Gemini, and then, Chris, maybe how we see the opportunity to roll out products after the initial relationship begins.
Ed Tilly: I think if we look at all of the opportunities and how people are employing this, I think you're right. I think in the last six to nine months, we've seen our users change the way that they view and are able to harvest premium, and our products are almost directly benefiting that change in opinion. And again, if I remind you what volatility our VIX contract is actually measuring, it's the market's perception of risk. And the spot VIX is a 30-day measure of that perception of risk. So the contract itself is just a direct reflection of where people view their risk over the next 30 days. And, of course, the term structure is look at their perception risk over time. And to your point, that has been flat in the past. That has been in contango and, on occasion, goes in to backwardation. Now the opportunities as soft [land], I'm not quite sure where you're going with that. Our existing customers are, in fact, finding the utility in a low volatility environment, employing different strategies. The fact that everyone piling into a short model strategy was probably more the norm in the first quarter. We see people now getting out of spreads that allow them to leverage those positions and taking outright positions, whether it's all-in short, as the trend has been. But we see now the interest in long ETP exposure in a more binary effect like -- I've given up on this short model, can't get lower. I'm flipping my -- use the analogy of my old floor days, I'm flipping my trading card over, and I'm taking an outright-long position on volatility. There are too many things uncertain in the world. You can pick up the paper, debt ceiling looming, North Korean missile tests in the future. And what that impact and my perception of risk over time is reflected, I think, in the activity we see going from all-in short, to now taking outright long positions. So not atypical to what we've seen in the past. There are changing perceptions of risk, and that's been reflected in our marketplace.
Ed Tilly: Let me just punch the point, Alex, and what we've observed, and it was a big one for us, we saw a million contract VIX options trade, which is really taking a position, using the leverage of an options contract, taking in premium, I should add, that really takes a position mark that I don't think we're going to stay in this low volatility environment. And on a way back to a normalized volatility, all the way up to a 35 level, this is an incredible payout for someone who's completely taken a different position on vol and expected risk in the future. So we're seeing much bigger positions from existing and much more activity from new customers. So I'll leave you with those thoughts.
Ed Tilly: Hold on. Debbie, can you get ready for the mute button? If Chris starts giving anecdotes, we've got to be careful.
Ed Tilly: Brian, why don't you give a little background on the philosophy? And I can get into maybe the broader view on M&A and just how we've accomplished this over the last couple quarters.
Ed Tilly: So with that as the background, the way we view M&A and you've referenced some properties that perhaps could be out there. Wouldn't expect us or this board to have any targets that are very, very large scale acquisitions. But we're typical to the activity that we were employing pre-Bats. We're looking to grow this core business, period. And if that means we can build tools that make that easier for our customers to either find and interact with our proprietary complex, if there are tools that Bryan Harkins needs on the equity side or Mark Hemsley sees an opportunity in Europe, we will chase them down. We'll look either to build or buy. And if it makes more sense for us to go out and make smaller bolt-on acquisitions that further this strategy, we'll do it. But right now, we are deep in integration and migration of this platform to deliver what we set out to deliver to our shareholders last September. So again, think smaller bolt-on. If we think it's quicker to market for us and more effective, we'll build otherwise, but nothing planned large scale at the moment.
Ed Tilly: And then the second part of that question really in mix. So if you saw the increase in the first quarter this year in RPC and VIX futures over the previous that was the price adjustments we made in January. And then the difference between Q1 and Q2 in RPC, really is due to the active day trader discount. So you're right, as we see the day trader pick up their volume, we'll see a slight decrease in RPC, but we'll see that bounce quarter-to-quarter just depending on the mix. So right to your point, you're right. You did see that and quarter-over-quarter, it just is the blend between pure customer or day trader -- people taking advantage of the day trader discount.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Thanks, John. Real quick, we are excited about the relationship with Gemini. This is a relationship that goes back to a listing relationship with the Gemini ETF product that is currently before the SEC. And obviously, we're seeing more bitcoin and cryptocurrency products that want to come to the market. The largest issue with bitcoin and cryptocurrency is storage and effectiveness of storage and really, when you think about it, this futures product, which is still pending regulatory approval, has an opportunity to touch a broader set of investors and clients because it does solve the storage issue. Ultimately, it's a regulated futures market that is underpinned by a commodity that's been recognized by regulators around the planet. So we're excited about the relationship. We're excited about the opportunity to move further into the ETP space of cryptocurrency. We think this future does create opportunities in that space as well. And one thing I'll note, just following up on Ed's comments about revenue opportunity, and you've seen it in the numbers, our non-transaction revenue growth looks to continue. It's an area that we're very focused on in all of our asset classes, whether it's equities in Europe or FX across the globe. So we're excited about the opportunities around non-transaction revenue, given the footprint that this combined company has today.
Chris Concannon: And Alex, it's Chris. I'll just add, it's not all about volatility. We're seeing a great growth in our SPX complex, as Ed mentioned. Part of that is driven by what we're seeing as broad adoption of option-based strategies in managed funds, in robo-advisors, in ETPs and among insurance and pension funds. So that broad adoption of strong option based strategies that are not related to volatility but are related to other basic strategies. As you can see, the SPX volumes are growing year-over-year and grew quarter-over-quarter. So I think we're in early innings in the broad adoption of option-based strategies.
Chris Concannon: Ken, I appreciate that question. Look, we have great support from the industry, SIFMA wrote a great letter. We're seeing additional support. I know some of the distractors were able to get form letters in from some issuers. But really, it comes down to what is the -- what is our legal right to have an offering that is largely already offered by the other exchanges. So we found it ironic that both New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ were so unsupportive of our proposal, when they both offer competitive closing proctors on each other's closing listed stocks. So our biggest point is one of fairness. If they can compete, why can't we compete with them? And that's an important point for the SEC to consider. I'm not going to speculate on what the outcome is, because it is before the SEC and pending regulatory approval, but we feel pretty optimistic about the opportunity that we have with the SEC and our arguments that we just filed just the other day. So I feel good, don't have any anecdotal things I can share with you right now but happy to talk in the future.
Chris Concannon: Great question. First, we were able to put in place a fully MiFID II-compliant work on our platform in Europe, with a huge lift by the team in Europe, successfully implemented just a few weeks ago. There will probably be one more cleanup release before the end of the year, but that most recent release allows our clients to begin to be MiFID II-compliant way before the deadline in January of 2018. So it was an important release for us, and it was an important lift. And -- so we feel like we are way in advance of MiFID II, have our systems ready and up and running. With regard to the impact of MiFID II, it's still hard to predict. MiFID II is certainly not favorable for internalizers and dark pools. It's -- certainly the principle of MiFID II is to support the lit market and push more volume into the lit market. I think there's -- there are -- there is an opportunity for us to play a role with systematic internalizers that are permitted under MiFID II. We continue to explore different ways and means for us to support systematic internalizers. Today, we support them regularly. We allow systematic internalizers to quote into the public quote through our system. We also provide a trade reporting and clearing mechanism for systematic internalizers. So we think with the robust offering that we have today and the network of clients that we have connected to our platform in Europe that we have an opportunity under MiFID II, not only as a traditional exchange market but also as a supporting role to all market participants, post the effective day in January.
Chris Concannon: Sure, it's Chris Concannon. I'll take that. First, thanks for recognizing the exceptional growth we've had in ETF listings. Obviously, you saw the announcement of iShares moving 30 of their existing products to Bats, which is really just -- they are the leading ETF issuer in the States. And this is further validation of the product offering that we have for ETF listings. And it really is reflective of the power of this combination with CBOE, because the full offering that we were able to provide iShares, from educational products and distribution of content, that's something that only came about through the combination with CBOE. So we're excited about that decision and how it validates our offering. We're also excited about, we have now 221 ETFs listed on our market. We are largely focused on those continued listing of ETFs, that will remain our focus for the foreseeable future. To answer your question, on the trading side, with each listing and as they grow in AUM, and we did have some record AUM listings, new listings just this year, we are seeing increased trading volume of those ETFs that are primarily listed on Bats. So not only do you get increased market share from 9:30 to 4 when you are the primary market, but you also get the volume in the closing cross in the primary market. So we're seeing both evidence of growing share and larger closing crosses, as these products that we list continue to grow AUM.
Chris Concannon: Sure, first on MiFID II. We do think there's an opportunity for continued growth in market data revenue in Europe. Some of that is driven by MiFID II. But largely, what we have in place today can help us grow market data revenue as well as non-transaction revenue. All the revenue that comes in associated with people connecting to our exchanges and connecting and reading our data. So we're excited about the opportunity. We do run, as Ed mentioned, the largest trade reporting service in all of Europe. That's very valuable information. And with MiFID II and SI quoting requirements, we expect to provide -- continue to provide a facility for systematic internalizers to quote through our platform out to the public. So we think there are opportunities for further market data revenue growth in Europe. Broadly speaking, non-transaction revenue is a great opportunity for this combined entity. We have so many platforms in so many markets across the planet. We're excited that each one of those has its own unique non-transaction revenue growth opportunity. And we will use a very carefully -- a very targeted growth areas. If we're a growing market like FX, we'll be very careful about non-transaction revenue. If we have a very large footprint in -- whether it's in equities or options, we're excited about the opportunity, both from data as well as access. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Chris Concannon: Sorry. Yes, so October 23, we announced this summer that we were rolling out the EDGX Complex Order Book. And as we call it, that's a down payment for the rollout of both our C2 options platform as well as C1. Because both of those markets are going to have a Complex Order Book. It will not be perfectly identical, but the code and the base of the complex order interaction will be very similar across those three markets. So it's a big step. While it doesn't read integration, because it's a new product, it's a big step in the integration process, one that we've -- we're seeing progress quite nicely given that we've announced the re-platforming of CFE in February and then followed by the re-platforming of C2 later in the year.
Chris Concannon: It's really too early to tell. It is EDGX, so it's one of our smaller markets. So we want to gauge the demand. We want folks to use it, so we'll encourage that behavior, but we have other Complex Order Books that we want to be mindful of, as we enter the market with our new Complex Order Book.
Chris Concannon: Sure, it's Chris. I'll take that. Obviously, we've spent a lot of time talking to our market maker community. And this is a market maker community that crosses across not only equities and options, but foreign exchange. And bitcoin, in their view, is just another instrument in the foreign exchange market. Our market makers are, in fact, active in bitcoin, on the various bitcoin exchanges. So we've talked extensively with our participants on the opportunity in bitcoin and across cryptocurrency, not just bitcoin. So we -- I don't think we need to spend too much time attracting market makers. They're already connected to our platform, and they're already actively trading in the cryptocurrency market.
Chris Concannon: And I'll just point out that this is pending regulatory approval. So the date of launches is not determined yet. We are waiting on our regulators to be comfortable with our offering. But we were excited to announce the partnership with Gemini.
