Alan Dean: Well, thanks Ed, I appreciate those kind words and good morning everyone. Before I begin I’d like to thank all of you on the call, analysts, portfolio managers, and shareholders for your support over the years. As CFO of Cboe, one of the reasons I’ve enjoyed my job so much is that I have had the opportunity to interact with so many consummate professionals. It has been a pleasure to work with all of you. Lastly, as I ride off into the sunset, I know that Cboe is in good hands with Ed, Chris and of course with Brian Schell at the financial helm. Now onto the quarter. Before I begin, let me point out that our third quarter 2017 results includes Bats for the entire quarter this year but not the comparable 2016 period. Therefore, the year-over-year variances on a GAAP basis were largely due to the addition of Bats on March 1. To provide an additional review of our business, our third quarter financial review will focus on our non-GAAP adjusted combined results, which present financial results to reflect the Bats transaction as if it had occurred on January 1, 2016. On that basis, we posted another strong quarter, primarily driven by the continued strength of our proprietary index products along with continued growth in non-transaction revenue, against the backdrop of record low market volatility and a decline in U.S. equities trading and relatively flat options trading activity industry-wide in the third quarter 2017, compared with the same period in 2016. I will give a quick snapshot of the quarter and then turn it over to Brian to dive deeper into the quarterly results. Our adjusted combined net revenue was nearly $270 million, up 10% above last year's third quarter. Adjusted operating expenses of $101.9 million were down 2% and the adjusted operating margin increased 440 basis points to 62.2%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.89 rose 24% over 2016's third quarter. Now I'll turn it over to Brian.
Alan Dean: I think your other question was where are we on the approval process. It's very difficult for us to gauge where the regulator, when the regular will make a decision. We think again with our partners, Gemini that we've been able to answer all of the questions coming from CFTC, but we wouldn't speculate on a date. We are operational-ready and we will keep you up-to-date on the approval process as we learn as that unfolds.
Alan Dean: So on the Illinois question specifically, we know that the reg was passed it was effective kind of halfway through the year. And we saw kind of the incremental impact it had on 2017. We're still going to work through – I'm not going to give you guidance right now on the 2018 impact quite yet. There's still some interchange, we want to see what happens with how the state code reflects kind of within the overall income statement. So but we will flag that for you as we kind of issue our own broader guidance for 2018. Likely on the next time we get together. As far as the – what's been proposed as far as kind of the federal changes, clearly, a big benefit to someone in Cboe's position where we pay at the top end of the bracket, it's primarily U.S. earnings. So we're paying that full 35%. There's positive and negatives in there, but largely it's going to be much more positive to us both on an effective tax rate basis and a cash basis for what we'll ultimately pay in taxes. I think it's probably still early to kind of speculate right now because of the ebbs and flows and what’s likely to change from what's been proposed to what may or may not end up happening. So we view it largely positive, a reduction to corporate rate would be a big benefit if it stands in its current form. Both on an effective tax rate basis as well as from a cash basis and stay tuned but again, we’d be – obviously, a very strong component of that going through the way it looks right now from an impact to our bottom line.
Brian Schell: Hi, Rich. So, I mean, a couple of things are going on. We know we have some seasonal expenses that are going to increase in the fourth quarter that reflects – that’s reflected in that full guidance for the year. So we’ve seen the run rate, we’ve seen more the changes obviously, loaded earlier than what we expect in the fourth quarter, as far as any rate of change. So we still feel very comfortable with that range, we think it's perfectly conservative around the range that we've guided to. So, like I said, the real driver there where you might see that a little bit different than where you're headed, as far as where you made a model of that is we do expect an uptick in fourth quarter this year than maybe what you have modeled.
Brian Schell: Yes. So this is a conversation we have quarterly with our board. We review our projecting cash flows, we look at where we're going to end up on the various ratios, we look at any potential dividends, the share repurchase opportunity, so all those items that we – that are available to us and the tools that we can use to help continue to deploy capital effectively. We still continue to look at achieving that longer-term goal, where I’d say, maybe even a shorter-term goal of continuing to restore increased balance sheet flexibility. And as we look through the predictability of where we are, what does that generate, there are definite benefits to continue to allocate the capital the way we've done in the past and again, there shouldn't be any surprise if we continue to focus on delevering again, enhancing the balance sheet flexibility, reducing our interest expense and at some point, potentially getting an upgrade on some of the rating agencies if that continues to turn positive from their perspective, again, no guarantees there. So that's how we've continued to think about it. It’s pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter.
Brian Schell: Thanks, Ken. Really, it's very early days in our clients touching the new platform. We're really testing the APIs and making sure messages and interactions between our platforms and their platforms are correct. There's nothing you can learn in those days because we don't have all clients on in trading. Obviously, where our QA department is pounding way on the system and testing it to the standards that we require, but it's just too early to look at the client behavior on a test platform to predict any outcomes. But our original prediction as Ed alluded to is having new a platform for CFE is positive not only for our clients, but the outcome in the market, typically with the new platform you have more positive results from those clients that are enjoying higher throughput.
Brian Schell: So I think that's pretty consistent. So couple of things that’s happened as far as when we pull some of that forward is some of the expectation we had built out – we’ll talk about the non-IT synergies. We've actually hit close to that target where we thought we would hit. Longer range for the non-IT is just that we were actually able to realize them much sooner in 2017 whereas we thought they were going to be more extended into 2018. So we've almost exactly nailed that number and have pulled that forward. Consistent with everything we've done with I think to your question in a way, you've kind of answered it already, is that we've continued to kind of lay out how do we talk about the synergies that we’ve realized, and that’s going well, we're seeing the stronger numbers and yet not changing that further out guidance is. The big bulk of those numbers are going to continued to be associated with that final technology migration than when happens with that third platform. Because a lot of parallel process continue to be maintained and so those people are still here although systems are being run in parallel. So it's not just the comp cost, you have the connection cost, you have all the power and everything going along with it. So those costs are continuing to maintain and so that will not fall off until that certain platforms continues to come off. The other thing is – the other reason why we have that is that when we actually have the migration occur for example, when CFE actually happens and when C2 actually happens, that will continue to reinforce or alter that, we'll call it a three-year, five-year number back to the original slide that we put out. And so kind of the follow-up question, I may ask or provide insight to is, when do we think we’ll have insight to, when that number may change or not. I think we need to get further along into the platform migration with CFE, with C2 and then, we've finalized the requirements and everything that's going to be built into what C1 is going to actually take and that's when you would look for an update from us.
Brian Schell: Well I think Chris and I can take that, it is share and sign through MiFID and the launch, I was just in our office in London and all of the buzz both from our board members perspective and made a number of office visits. It's really still a lot of uncertainty and really, where is volume going to show up. And I think what Mark Hemsley and the team have done is offered a solution and in the prepared remarks, I mentioned Large In Scale and periodic options are really trying to accommodate a low market impact, and accommodating larger trades that would otherwise have been dark. As for share region by region, Chris, I think you can add some color. We enjoyed the number two spot and our various, across Europe. There is room between number two and number one, but I think right now from a customers perspective, it's MiFID to readiness, it is with the team in London is preparing for? But Chris, as far as share, do you want to add some color.
Brian Schell: So let's get to the bitcoin, I think it really, your question is why would we choose Gemini as opposed to any of the other crypto exchanges around the globe and it really – we found a partner, who is looking for the same transparency regulation and oversight as a listed exchange would. So Chris, you want to describe the structure of Gemini and what's really attractive and then, I can add the color from our futures exchange and CFE regulation and our ability to look through the transactions on Gemini. And then ultimately the transactions on our futures exchange.
Chris Concannon: So this is Chris Concannon, I’ll take that one. First of all, there's been several treasury reports, all – we view as favorable many of which have been some of the opinions that we’ve voiced over the years when it comes to regulation and market structures. So we view the treasury reports as quite favorable when you look at them across the board. One in particular is about, as you mentioned capital and bank capital that impacts our market makers and how they clear their trade. So we see that trend is being largely favorable for market makers in our market and in the SPX in particular. But that trend will continue, obviously, it's only a treasury report, action has come from the various regulatory agencies. On market data, we think we're well-positioned. Our organic growth suggests that we're well-positioned because we are coming at the market with a much lower alternative. And so we're viewed by clients as having a lower cost of market data and that's one of the reasons why we're reflecting growth in our market data revenue and in our market data opportunity, that opportunity is not just here in the U.S, but it's also a global opportunity as investors around the planet both in Asia and Europe are looking at U.S. market data and trying to find solutions that are less costly. So we feel like in light of the treasury report, we're well-positioned to talk about market data costs.
Chris Concannon: Yes. And I'll only add that the, I view the integration as already started technically. We launched the EDGX complex order book on October 23. And that's an investment in the future of our complex series that will be rolled out in C2 as well as the C1. So as you think about it, we started the migration in October. We also have an index product migration that we announced, CFE is in February followed by C2 in May, and then, obviously, the SPX moving to hybrid is all part of the migration to a new platform. So we're underway. We've already seen success in the migration, the launch of the complex order book on EDGX and so it's off to a very good start.
Chris Concannon: So it’s Chris. I’ll take that. I think the first focus is, when we think about the migration of the platform, it's really perfecting the micro market structure of the platform that we're delivering. Today, there's functionality that we would like to give our clients on their current platforms and we're waiting for the migration to install that functionality. We do think that functionality is a net benefit for clients, a functionality that clients have asked for around the Complex Order Book, around auctions, around order types. So we're trying to satisfy our client demand with the migration itself to make sure we have everything wrapped into that migration. That is a net positive for client trading on the platform. So we think about our opportunity to grow market share on the Options platform in the multi-list segment of our business. The platform migration does help us provide tools and functionality that is in demand by our clients and improves our current functionality. So that's the way we think about it. Obviously, I won't comment on pricing in 2018 and how we view pricing in 2018. It's too early to say.
Chris Concannon: Sure, I mean really our strategy in 2017 was MiFID readiness for the clients. We wanted to be ready early, provide products and solutions that help them comply with MiFID II. And put it in their hands before MiFID II’s start date in January. The team in London has accomplished all of that, we've delivered everything – all the commitments to our clients on MiFID II readiness. We have a final release just recently and a larger release over the summer. As Ed mentioned, Large In Scale, periodic auctions and now certain benefits for quoting for systematic internalisers. Those are all things that MiFID II requires for clients to interact on our platform. So, I feel good about the focus that the team has had on providing product to clients, way before MiFID goes live. And we don't think about market share in those terms post MiFID, we're thinking about products and solutions to deal with some of the challenges that our clients are facing with MiFID II.
Chris Concannon: Sure. I'm encouraged by the recent announcement. It certainly does validate, what I’ll say it validates a crypto currency, in the future of crypto currency. It's not suggesting what crypto currency is going to be the winner and the loser. But overall, the crypto currency space is the space that I think we believe in and certainly our competitor across town believes in as well. And I'm just encouraged by that validation. I think it's also important to point out that with regulated futures of our certain asset class like a bitcoin, you do have an opportunity to introduce ETF. And over time, we do envision ETFs coming to market once the regulated futures market is dealt and liquid so we do think the opportunity, we're encouraged by everyone's focus on this space. It is a small space as you mentioned. We're talking about bitcoin trading close to $2 billion a day. That's a relatively midsize stock listed on one of our equity markets. So encouraged overall by the space and encouraged how people are thinking about the crypto currency space and the future of that space.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Really first, one of the things that attracted us to our partnership with Gemini was the embracement of regulation. They chose to be regulated by the New York State Banking authority that was not required, but they chose it and welcomed it. So you have a regulated entity in terms of how it is a custodian of bitcoin, how it manages its market and I think about it from a regulated standpoint, when you look at the overall bitcoin market, the CFTC has determined it as a commodity so they did come to a conclusion that is a commodity. Have you look out the world of commodities, there are many commodities that their underlying markets are unregulated. And now what a derivative of exchange does as it brings the regulated market to the professionals and provides an opportunity for hedging and taking positions around their views of that commodity market. And that's really what we're doing here, what's unique is we found a partner in Gemini that embraced that regulation. So the underlying markets in Gemini is what I'll call semi-regulated because the participants do need to join Gemini, we know who they are, they're largely professional users and we're able to regulate our market as a result of that embracement of regulation.
Ed Tilly: Yes, let me just – actually, before I turn it over to Brian and Chris to add some color, want to be really clear, the SPX is actually moving to hybrid, not a true migration onto new technology. But you are right, that CFE and the C2 are migrating early 2018 to Bats technology. So just a point of clarification, so your expectation is in line with what we're going to roll out. As far as the opportunities, and I will ask the table to join me, really what we've always targeted and from a users perspective, the greatest benefit moving to Bats technology will be really on the future side. So just – if you recall, over the past quarters and actually years now, we’ve recognized some of the shortcomings of the current technology primarily when we look at that from a futures trader’s perspective, we have a wonderful platform that was really built by experts in matching quotes that is an options exchange perspective and the needs of massive amounts of quotes in processing those. What Chris Isaacson and his team has been able to completely redo is that was with the expertise of someone that's used to processing massive amounts of orders and quotes. So the benefit to the futures exchange will be the greatest we think, and that is leapfrogging a global standard or expectation on what you should be able to interact with on our VIX futures for sure. So biggest benefit, we think our futures looking forward to the C2 migration and then, the quarter after SPX moving onto hybrid. So happy to add more color, and I think Chris has got some. And then, if there was a follow-up to that, happy to get into it.
Ed Tilly: Let me just follow-up, Chris to your point, the technology change won’t be driving pricing, answers to competitive pressures, we've always been responsive to that. So the technology migration will not be the driver behind pricing. It will be the competitive environment and looking product by product, order type by order type and functionality by functionality and what we can, so we will be looking at that holistically across all the asset classes, but not technology driven.
Ed Tilly: Yes. I think we can talk just in general the index complex, and if you look at this quarter, it resembles very much the report that we gave last quarter. And that's proprietary complexes outpaced the entire industry and growth and you’ve pointed out one of the greatest highlights and that is in the SPX Weekly contract. I think what it really – if we look at the end user's perspective and what we learned quite honestly, every day talking to our customers and in particular at various RMC conferences around the globe, is the confidence that investors have in the short-term. Their perception of risk in the very short-term, their very comfortable making strategy and hedging and taking positions in the short-term, that's reflected in our SPX Weekly's growth. The user group who is trading in the SPX Weekly's, very active retail, very active hedge fund, but the theme is the comfort in the short-term. The third Friday in the many months that the open outcry SPX contract, if we look at that volume, that's still high institutional base. But boy, people are just aren't that confident, if you look out over time. That is reflected in the insight that we give you. If you just look at our website, you look at the VIX term structure that is the price of the futures over time that is still much higher VIX level out in the back months than the front months that shows up in trading in the short-term primarily in the SPX Weekly contract.
Ed Tilly: I think John, your key is taking that technology out of the matching hedge and that's the first step, that's going to happen in the first quarter and then, we'll grow the business from there.
