Edward T. Tilly: Sure, Rich. As we do look at the different segments that had been participating in both VIX futures index options, what really stands out in that number that I like to use with you is that VVIX, we saw volatility of VIX in the low hundreds, that's a big, big change from what we had seen over the summer time, as you remember. So it does attract that day trader, whether he's high-frequency or whether the strategy is just to trade and participate all day as volatilities bouncing around. But yes, that segment of higher-frequency trader loves that move when VVIX is up over 100. So we saw lot of participate -- a lot of participation from that class of user.
Edward T. Tilly: Yes. So this round of higher volatility, it was really U.S.-driven, and that's really where we get the biggest bang between 8:30 Central and 3:15 Central, but we did have a huge participation throughout October in that ETH. Percentage-wise, it's a little misleading. It's 10% of 0.5 million, to use your number, 10% of 0.5 million contracts. That's pretty substantial. We couldn't be more pleased with Extended Trading Hours and what it's delivered so far.
Edward T. Tilly: Yes. Great question, Alex. In order, what we rely on, and looking back over our most successful product launches in history, have been building the base of liquidity providers. And when we launched ETH, it was important for us to have a core committed group that was going to show up right when we started Extended Trading Hours and continue through the start of the U.S. trading day. We think we've got that core group of ready for volatility on VXTYN futures. That will be our anchor tenants, those most active traders, who understand volatility futures in general and who certainly understand the term structure of interest rate volatility. We need those guys to show up first. ETPs will then follow, but they need a liquidity base that they can count on to hedge and replicate when they're issuing their ETPs. Now you can read all of their prospectus when they issue an ETP. It's going to rely on a base of liquidity in that futures contracts first. So we need to get that dedicated group in, those anchor tenants, then engage the ETP community. Not surprisingly, there's a roadmap out there. So everyone who launched ETPs on VIX, we know what to expect, we know what volume triggers we need to have and the underlying futures, and everyone's lining up, and we're expecting -- while slow and steady, we're expecting this to unfold as we planned.
Edward T. Tilly: Just a little correction. It's not purely a market maker capital. As a result, there may be a change for market maker capital requirements and the fees that they are charged by their clearing members, but the actual Collins Amendment to Dodd-Frank is really directed at the banks and some -- therefore some of the -- of OCCs largest clearing members. They are the ones that estimate that their capital requirements could increase significantly. And then as a result, market makers' fees in turn would -- that would be increased to match the newer demands. So I think it's unfortunate, again similar to what we saw in the Camp tax proposal, but this is an unintended consequence of the Collins Amendment. What we think -- and one of the fundamental tenets of Dodd-Frank is to promote central clearing derivatives. But unfortunately, the increased cost to market makers and the diminished liquidity could affect and ultimately hurt investors. That's the message we're getting out there. That's what we'll be working on and educating The Hill, educating the Fed and really trying even going all the way to Collins to making sure that the intention was not really what we were facing in potential reality. So could it affect volumes in the future? Absolutely, it could, but we're comforted somewhat that this is unintended, and we think we can get to the bottom of the intention.
Edward T. Tilly: So I want to stress then, to your point on high volume. The operation, the day-to-day, the trade, the matching of orders, which is what we do with record-setting volume, went flawlessly. And this was really, as Ed points out, around establishing the book and the start of the next day Extended Trading Hours.
Edward T. Tilly: I'd let Ed describe I think the effort in really the globalization of volatility. But as I mentioned in the ETH comments, the participants in the non-U.S. trading hours, while we can't see the origination or the destination that a trade -- where it starts, the fact that it's coming in the non-U.S. trading hour, and that's increasing as volatility or surprises are coming to the marketplace. We know that we have a broader reach. We know anecdotally that there are traders engaged in looking at fixed futures 24 hours a day now, but it is difficult to pinpoint, and our efforts are to go out and capture as much of that untapped demand that we possibly can. I'll let Ed kind of describe what we've done this year and how that's going to continue going forward.
Edward T. Tilly: From a market share perspective, I think we're very pleased and our comments, and what we've always maintained is that we will be a leader in market share, and our competitors are not going to beat us on price. And I think we've maintained that. The share is very stable, as we reported. But as you point out, we're faced with the January and that's typically where the industry looks at fees. So I'll turn it over to Alan to speak on fees.
Edward T. Tilly: And Ken, I would just say that while we love the market data revenue, what we're really hopeful is that those new subscribers end up being active traders, and our real revenue comes from transaction fees.
Edward T. Tilly: Why don't I take these in reverse, and I'll ask Ed to comment on the multi-list. But what we do see in any market downturn and higher volatility are investors that are used to trading single name, really go to the high notional contract SPX, whether it's Weekly or Third Friday. The amount of hedging that you get out of that large notional contract, taking away the risk of physical settlement and American exercise, really draws people into SPX Weekly and Third Friday traditional SPX trading away from single name, even if that single name is Spider. You don't need or want the uncertainty in a high volatile market trending down on American exercise options and the requirement to manage physical settlement. So cash settled large notional is really where the marketplace goes to hedge when there's the most uncertainty in the marketplace. So not surprisingly in October, we saw a lot of interest in traditional SPX and SPX Weekly. We think that would continue in any high volatility environment. And as for multi-list, I'll turn it over to Ed.
Edward T. Tilly: So when you say more traditional, let's make sure we're talking about more traditional futures traders, different than traditional option traders. So yes, as we've seen the greatest increase, not just October, but over the last -- I would say now the last 18 months, the growth has really come from pure future traditional futures traders who tend to trade with higher frequency. And that's really leading and -- the greatest increase by class or segment in VIX futures trading. ETP's still a very, very important component of our trading, but what has really scaled up is that higher frequency futures trader.
Edward T. Tilly: Well, Weeklys, in general, I think is an industry phenomenon. I think the lower premiums are really attracting the active investor. But for us, the big story is, as you teed it up, is the SPX Weekly contract, and that's benefiting from an extremely concentrated educational process here at CBOE. We are all about educating the higher frequency, most active SPY trader. I think there's a lot of runway left. It's what we concentrate on is the migration of that SPY trader into the more efficient SPX Weekly contract. And that's education, that's promotion, it's handholding. It's every opportunity we get we tell that story of why SPX Weeklys is the most -- is the next level of trading for a SPY trader. And we'll continue to do that. So I think there's terrific runway. Now in a hedging market, I think kind of my comments before, whenever you're looking at risk and the market is moving with incredible volatility, going toward and using the highest notional contract on the market with the easiest access, we benefited from that really, really well. I'll punch that point again in October. So I don't think that's going to change, but that actually requires a bit more volatility in the marketplace for the true benefit of the SPX in general, and more specifically, the SPX Weekly with its easy access. So continued education, continued focus and continued ad concentration in that SPX Weekly. That's going to continue through '15.
Edward T. Tilly: So the suite in the rollout, what we look at initially in rollout is getting those VIX options to be able to complement the VIX futures contract that is so successful, and that should not be a tough reach for us. There's volatility traders who need to hedge volatility 24 hours a day, as evidenced by the VIX -- the futures in the VIX -- the success in the VIX futures. The SPX suite will follow, but that's going to be a little different educational process for us. The current hedge for S&P 500 risk is de mini [ph]. We know there are users out there, so we're going to get to them as well. So that's a whole suite added, probably more phased-in approach.
Edward T. Tilly: Good question, Gaston. It is kind of an art, especially with the product that is proprietary, doesn't trade anywhere else. So for us to find the right pricing level is -- we trade very carefully. I've said this before in multiple venues, I'd much rather have a 10% increase in volume, drive a 10% increase in revenue than have flat volume and 10% increase of revenue caused by increased prices. That's not where we want to be in this product that is really running. The growth rate's been fantastic. So we're very deliberate and cautious in what we do, and the steps that we take I think will be small going forward.
Edward T. Tilly: Yes, I think -- we've touched on it, but you're right. We didn't really attack this directly. While the percentage didn't explode, and we only have peaks of nearly 20%, the total volume in VIX futures in a month like October, boy, it makes it almost impossible for us to maintain a growth rate that would also increase in percentage. So what am I saying? So in a month where we can -- where we see spikes in days of 400,000 or 500,000 contracts, a 10% penetration or 15% penetration is pretty terrific. That growth in ETH has just been amazing. Go ahead, Alan.
Edward T. Tilly: So just to highlight, in October, busiest month ever for Extended Trading Hours. Over 600,000 contracts will have traded in the Extended Trading Hours session. So it's a 30% increase over the previous monthly volume record of August, which was more international, to Alan's point. So couldn't be more pleased with the number, over 600,000 contracts. Just a terrific start to ETH.
Edward L. Provost: Ken, this is Ed Provost. So yes, we did have a few glitches in October. It was in the week that we had the extreme volatility. It was directly related to our Extended Trading Hours and a very narrow window, in fact, 15 minutes between the end of day, that being 3:15 Chicago time and the restart of next day, which is 3:30. That 15-minute window is substantially narrower than any other futures contract, typically that breaks about 45 minutes. So in that 15 minutes, what we do, among other things, is clean the book out of the day orders, which by definition are terminated at that point, while retaining the GTC orders and a number of other processes. That process typically takes a few minutes to do given the increase in volume and substantial increase in order flow. That process took longer than we would have anticipated. We have made changes to the process of clearing out that book and doing that end of day processing. We're running some processes in parallel. So at least at this volume level, it's now taking seconds not minutes. We believe that under the same market conditions, we would be fine, but we are looking at some longer-term solutions, and the possibility exists that we might expand the 15-minute break to a slightly longer period. That decision has not been made yet, but we believe we solved the problem as of now.
Edward L. Provost: Hi Mike. Ed Provost. So as Ed mentioned, we continue our business development efforts both domestically and internationally, having wrapped up our Third European Risk Management Conference in September, very, very successful event, planning to do an Asian-based RMC in 2015. The international interest in this product is significant. In fact, we got a report this morning from our representative attending some conferences in China, where there were 2 particular seminars making specific focus, specific reference and focus on our VIX benchmark and the products related to that. So we're very optimistic that we will continue to see international growth. We continue to be a bit disappointed with the developments in our VXST short-term product, but we see a continuing interest and a weekly expiration on volatility. So we'll continue to pursue that. We believe we will be able to develop some greater success in that product in the future. But all in all, we couldn't be more optimistic about the future growth prospects.
Edward L. Provost: Yes, Jillian, I would just add that we are evaluating our C2 pricing model, where we've had some very good success in the ETN space, that being the Spider, Qs and other of the more actively traded ETNs, and we have, over the last couple of years, had in place a somewhat unique and we thought what would be very successful spread-based pricing mechanism. It hasn't taken to the market, and so we will evaluate changing to a more traditional pricing scheme in the single-stock names. And so that's one area where we may be changing our pricing mechanism, not necessarily raising or lowering price, but changing the way we do it.
Edward L. Provost: In fact, Brian, we've allocated additional resources in our business development area to push not only our current VIX set of products but to penetrate this new marketplace of fixed income traders. So there's no question that when business is better, you can make bigger commitments in many areas. And certainly, our business development efforts and our personnel related to that is one of them.
Edward L. Provost: So Christian, thanks for the question. It's interesting. Throughout the year, we have a constant dialogue with all of the players who control order flow in the industry. We didn't have any substantial pricing changes during the year, but we are constantly making modifications to our market model. We have a very, very functional system. Sometimes, it takes participants in the markets to make changes in their own systems to take full advantage of the systems that are available here, and we've had a few larger players complete some of their internal systems enhancements so that they can take advantage of some of the functionality at CBOE, which has been available. So there's been a few large players that have made some shifts. So all in all, I would say we've had some success with some significant players, but it's nothing beyond that. Again, a constant and ongoing dialogue with all the participants in the marketplace.
Edward L. Provost: No question. But clearly, the plan is to have the SPX Weekly as a part of that. It's a very attractive product and it will be part of our Extended Trading Hours.
Alan J. Dean: Yes. It's great question, Chris, and you identified something that we saw right away when results for the quarter came out. And so just to reiterate what happened, in the past, royalty fees is -- the correlation's been extremely high to our index and futures volume on which we pay royalty fees. So you would expect that to happen. And what we've seen in 2014 this year, and certainly, as it came up in this quarter, is that the correlation got slightly out of whack and that royalty fees were higher than we expected. And so what caused that? It was market data fees -- so we had an increase of market data fees by $1.1 million quarter-over-quarter. And part of that increase of revenue caused an increase in expense on the royalty fee line item. And so the revenue was there more than offsetting the higher-than-expected expense on royalty fees, but the metric of index in futures volume didn't perfectly match up as we would've liked. What we're doing is thinking about different ways in the future to, for all of you, for analysts, for us, to model royalty fees going forward. Right now for the fourth quarter, I'd say, use the metric that we saw in the third quarter for the fourth quarter and maybe -- for next year, we might have better intelligence and going forward. So that's how I see it right now.
Alan J. Dean: John, this is Alan. Absolutely. Although the change that we've been seeing now, although it's been wonderful to take, it hasn't been tremendously material. And so we've seen increases in our CFE market data revenue, and especially as the globalization of that product continues, and it was one of the drivers in our market data revenue this quarter when you compare it to the same quarter last year. The total change was $1.1 million. So I'm happy to take it, and it could become more significant as we go forward. We are seeing increased subscribers. And certainly, as that product expands worldwide, I expect that to continue.
Alan J. Dean: Yes. Good question, Brian. CFE fees, the fees on the VIX futures product, is pretty stable. Although in high-volume periods, like we saw in October, the day trader discount that we have in place, probably will have a little bit more of an impact on fees than it would have had in periods where we have low volatility, but nothing that should knock your socks off at this point. And so that's how I view pricing for -- in October and going forward, a slight decline in high-volume periods. Now when it comes to margin, the wonderful thing about exchanges, and CBOE is no exception, is that when we trade an incremental contract, whether it's a multi-list contract or a future or one of our index options, pretty much all that revenue goes right to our bottom line, and so our -- one of our big focus this year, as you know, is controlling expenses so that when that volume comes, we see a lot of that revenue, most of that revenue going to our bottom line, which should expand our margins. The only uncontrollable part of that, if you will, is the royalty fee expense, which is pretty much tied to our index and futures volumes. So if 2015 is a volatile period and we see big volume, margins should expand. We need to do the job on expenses. I expect that we will, and that will result in increased value to our shareholders. So that's how I see it.
Alan J. Dean: Yes. Great question, Alex. The minimum cash that we need still hasn't changed. I think 4 years ago, I said $40 million to $60 million, and then, I sort of hedged up to maybe $50 million to $70 million. I'm still on that range. It hasn't changed. And what allows me to be so low relative to the size of company that we are on cash that I need is, because of our ability to realize cash so quickly. Looking forward, since -- I'm just going to throw out some facts for you that Debbie helped prepare for me, but it's phenomenal. So since our IPO, we have returned more than $1 billion to our shareholders, which is amazing, and we've more than doubled our regular dividend. We started out at $0.10 in August of 2010, and of course, we're at $0.21 now. We're very proud of that. We've also, I think, been very transparent with our shareholders about our intentions on what we're doing with that cash. And so just to reiterate that, invest in our business as we need to, to ensure our future growth. We pay regular dividends. We like to see that regular dividend increase year after year after year along with our business and then use the excess cash for stock repurchases, and I think we've really done that this year. Now mixed in with that, we've had a couple of special dividends. The tax-focused special dividend in December of 2012. And then, last year, we weren't as aggressive as we could have been on the stock market cash buildup. So we -- and earlier this year, we paid out a $0.50 dividend. So going forward, special dividends are still a possibility. Nothing is off the table. Even the variable dividend methodology is something that we consider and talk about going forward. But first, before we get to that point, we want to return cash to our shareholders through regular dividends and share repurchases. And if that isn't enough, then you could expect us to look at other opportunities.
Alan J. Dean: Okay, Chris. Guess I'm kind of taken aback at your question because we are all very proud here about our expense management at CBOE. If you look at core operating expenses for us over the 4 years, it's, I think we stack up well against any company. We -- this isn't a new -- cost management, expense management is not something new for us. We've been doing it from the beginning. And so I don't think that expense management should be a focus. And certainly, to compare us against the Merck and situation that they're in or ICE after trying to absorb the New York Stock Exchange and wondering why there aren't similarities, I think that's the issue. The only expense item that's gone up significantly in the 4 years is the one that I'm happy to see go up, and want to go up, and that's royalty fees. So when royalty fees goes up, that means I've got more volume, I've got more transaction fees. And for us to pay out whatever we pay out to Standard & Poor's on an SPX or a VIX contract is just a fraction of the transaction fees that we realize, and it does contribute to our overall margin. So I -- Chris, I think that if you take a closer look at us, I think you might agree with the point I'm trying to make.
Alan J. Dean: Great question, Rob. And we're right in the middle of the business plan process, the planning effort for 2015. And the way it looks to me now, let me set the stage a little bit. The $47 million to $50 million of CapEx guidance that we have for this year, and I've said that, that's where I expect to be for this year. That's a lot higher than the $30 million to $35 million, $37 million range we've been at in the past for CapEx. So looking forward, in 2015, I would expect to be somewhere in between that -- the range -- the guidance that I'm giving you for this year and where we have been in the past, maybe not in the middle, maybe a little bit higher than the middle, but it -- that's how 2015 looks to me now. But let me reassure you that we will invest whatever we need to invest, whether it's in systems, hardware, software, facilities to make sure that CBOE is the best exchange that we can be.
Alan J. Dean: Well, we've -- we modified our guidance for 2014 saying that we think we'll end up slightly below the low end of our range for the year, and that's really driven by third quarter. For 2015, at this point, Alex, I'm not prepared to give you that guidance or range. It is just too early for me to be able to do that. So if I were doing your model, I'd say no change, but stay tuned for when we have our next earnings call, and we'll have a much more definitive range for you.
Alan J. Dean: I want to add, we've looked at the overnight trading, the Extended Trading Hours, it's somewhat event-driven. And what we wanted to capture in that overnight trading was when something happened at 3:00 Chicago time, in the past, we weren't open. A customer had a need, could use our volatility product, but wasn't able to. And then, maybe by the time we opened at 8:30, the need was gone or mitigated in some way and we lost a trade. So I would expect spikes in that percentage, Jillian, in overnight hours to occur when the events are internationally-driven. What we saw in October was pretty much a U.S.-driven event and so I was thrilled with it. The -- just 8%, 9%, 10% overnight share, and that was fantastic. We all were looking on our iPhones on the way home at night before we went to bed and first thing in the morning, watching the volume and we were, as Ed said earlier, we couldn't be more pleased with the results so far in ETH, Extended Trading Hours, but it's really event-driven is when you'll see changes in the percentage.
