William Brodsky: Yes, thank, Rich. I think what’s important to recognize is that the target audience for SPXpm was not the SPX current users, and we said that from the very, very beginning. So we’re positive on that. I think one of the other things you’ve got to look at is that we also, during 2011, put the weekly, the SPX weekly on the Hybrid system, which gave another dimension to electronic trading of the SPX product line. We’re looking at SPXpm has having potential, but we’ve learned over the years that these things don’t happen just because you throw the switch, you have to educate people as to the differences in the product. We’re going after the Spider user more than anything else in SPXpm and it takes time.  Ed Provost, by the way, is very much involved with the educational effort on the SPXpm and I’m going to ask him to make a couple of comments too. 
William Brodsky: Sure. Let me take your question, hopefully in the order that you asked it. Access fees, we implemented a revised sliding scale for permits for access fees in 2012. It reduced it slightly and the tradeoff is that permit users get slightly lower fees. We get certainty about fees going forward.  We also increased exchange services in other fees, that’s the line item on our P&L, some of them dramatically and that’s causing the increase in the guidance there. You can almost look at that line item as another form of access because it’s mostly connectivity fees, log-in fees that we increased and we’re realizing – we expect to realize significant new revenue in 2012 over 2011. So it’s almost access fees on another form.  Now, related to RPC, we did a number of things in – related to the transaction fees on January third, 2012. I went through them and they’re on the slide deck and you can go to our circular that’s on our website. But in addition to VIP, which pays credit to big participants of – big spenders of customer volume and multi-listed options, we also adjusted our firm fee cap, we also dramatically modified our sliding scale for liquidity providers. In the past, this discount cut across all product lines and now we’re focusing the discount on the multi-list category .  In total, that led me to give a guidance on how I see our PC going forward into 2012. 
William Brodsky: Yes. First of all, this is Bill Brodsky. Let me give a beginning to that and then ask Ed Tilly to follow up on it.  Just to remind you, our goal of C2 was to try to receive a target of between 1 and 2% of option market share in the first year, and we achieved that last year; it was 1.3%. What we’ve seen, which was very positive, is significant growth in two of the most active products in the whole industry. One is in the triple Qs where we were at 2.7% of industry volume in January and 3.2% in the Spider volume in January, both up significantly from the fourth quarter.  So these are areas we’re targeting certain products where we make the greatest penetration. Let me as Ed Tilly if he wants to make some additional comments on C2. 
William Brodsky: Chris, I’ll give a thought to that and if I need any help, Alan will join in. But I think what’s most important is recognize that as of December 31, we were a public company for barely a year and a half. During that period, we returned over a half a billion dollars to stockholders, we increased our dividend last year by 20% and our Board of Director is acutely aware that it’s not our goal to retain cash if we have no corporate need for it.  So we look at this every Board meeting and the combination of the amount that’s been returned to shareholders, the amount that we’ve been paying dividends, plus the 20% increase, plus the stock buyback program that we’re midway through, I think shows that we are very, very conscious that we’re not going to be sitting here and just sitting on cash. 
William Brodsky: This is Bill, Pat. I’ll just start off. The VIX product is a whole new concept in the investment world. It’s a new asset class. I think you have to look at the fundamental building blocks of VIX and one of them, as I said, was education. The other is the use of TTNs, which are created by the major firms, so the customers have structured products that don’t have to deal directly in a VIX future or a VIX option. I don’t think we can look at it on a month-by-month basis and say is VIX growing. I think you have to look at it year by year as it’s growing and the more we talk to people, the more the people are starting to understand that volitility is a very important factor that they can now trade.  So I don’t look at this as, you know, that January fell off a bit, I actually look at it and say, as we’ve developed products overtime, I’ve got to look at it certainly on a year-by-year basis, not a monthly-by-month basis.  And Ed Tilly is going to just add to this a little bit. 
William Brodsky: We’re seeing – this is Bill. We’re seeing a significant progress there with the option clearing cooperation of getting authority to move forward with OTC clearing. And as I said in my remarks, we’re seeing a migration of institutional users to try to use flex-side products to access the Option Clearing Corp for clearing. So despite of the fact that it there has been no definitive resolution at the – in the Dodd-Frank implementation, we’re seeing these things happen. So these thing are in place with OCC in addition to be able to clear S&P 500 options. In fact, OTC is right now waiting for SEC approval, but the fact is they’re ready, they’re operationally ready and as we talked in prior conference calls, we know have a contractual agreement with S&P – an S&P 500 option [inaudible] and OCC and being traded on CBOE, we’re going to get revenue on that. So this is something that we’re looking very positively about.  Ed Tilly is going to add one more point too. 
William Brodsky: I appreciate the question. I guess I would just reiterate what we’ve said on this subject in the past, and that is that we have had several contract extensions over the many years of our relationship and [inaudible] is now very neutrally beneficial relationship with them. And we have not, nor will we comment on the timing of any renewals of the contract. We haven’t in the past on that, we’re not going to do it in the future. But I would tell you that our relations is very strong and I think it’s also very important as you look at the growth of the VIX product line, is that this is something that it makes the relationship more symbiotic than it’s ever been before. 
William Brodsky: And I’ll just add just one more point. We often argue with respect to the rule files in Washington that the options market operates much differently than the cash equity markets, which have largely transitioned to the maker/taker model. As Ed points out, the traditional pricing model is very, very strong component to the overall market structure option. And we certainly see both markets prevailing and surviving. 
William Brodsky: In 2011, I think we’ve had our greatest influence in the benchmark category and that is the action that occurs in the open market as a result of following or replicating benchmark strategy. So [inaudible] the overwrite strategy, buy right index for example, whether or not we have tradable BMX strategies out in the ETS world. Importantly, to replicate the success of a year like 2011 and basic overwrite strategy, tracking our BXM is extremely important to us. There’re trigger points, there’s prescribed action in the marketplace to replicate those benchmarks. Those benchmarks truly drive much of the success we’ve seen in SPX for example, as I pick on BXM.  I mentioned one earlier, the Tail Hedge strategy, really now, and [inaudible] Complex launched last year, very important, again, prescribes action is [inaudible] change in the marketplace as we go into the low-teens, mid-20s, up to 30, the exposure in the 30 delta calls and VIX options derive action in the volitility complex. So we’ve seen a great deal – very hard to measure though, great deal of traction in following these various benchmarks.  In 2012, the effort will be on more tradable products. So we’ll go over to the BFE, we’ve recently launched VIX futures contract – volitility futures contracts based on EEM, just recently launched options on those EEM volitility contracts and that will be a driving force for our futures exchange in 2012.  So similarly, we will roll out additional single name or ETF name volitility tradable products for our futures exchange that our CBOE options complex in 2012. 
William Brodsky: I think, as Ed Tilly said, some of the things that we create don’t necessarily mean they have a new product that drives the volume, and I’ll go back to this BXM, the buy right index. We’ve had tremendous success with that in terms of new institutional users, so it’s driving volume into the [inaudible] or SPX contract, it’s not a new product but the index is now being adopted by institutions and it’s driving volumes. So in some respects, we’re neutral in terms of whether it’s a new tradable product or benchmark that creates new volume in existing products. 
William Brodsky: And I would punctuate that, Rich, by saying that the SEC has been very consumed with Dodd-Frank rule making and ultimately implementation. But one of the issues that they haven’t had time really to get back to is the whole flash crash review and my guess is that what Ed said is not only correct, but the SEC recognizes after the flash crash, the critical need for market makers. So I think that that’s where the option model is very different than the equity model and only to our benefit. 
William Brodsky: Yes, Chris, our GAAP tax rate for 2011 was 41.9% and we had a number of things happen in 2011 and that’s causing the 2012 rate to be maybe not as low as you would like. First of all, you know, we had the New York issue come to us in the middle of the year. We had the Illinois tax rate went up on January of 2011. And the Illinois – new Illinois apportionment factor is being phased in. Part of it, a smaller part is happening in 2012 and the larger part is happening in 2013. So I said in my prepared remarks that I thought 2013 we’d see a lower tax rate around 40%. So I hope that helps. 
William Brodsky: Pat, predicting this is always very hard. But what we have seen particularly in the low interest rate environment is that financial advisors in particular are very much increasing the use of option. We’ve had some wonderful studies that have confirmed that.  So I think that that you have to look at it and say are options growing generally and depending on the customer, you know, the customer is going to be trading individual stocks are going to more likely use individual equity options. We’re seeing institutions more likely to use index products So I think it varies. But what I would say is that I still think it’s part of the secular growth story of our industry that’s aided by the low interest rate environment, but it’s also aided by people just finding ways to use options in very compelling ways that they can be used properly.  And so, I look at it and say it’s been a very [inaudible] period for investors both institutional and individuals. But the professionals who guide these people, be it the portfolio manager on the institutional side or the financial advisors, they are increasing these options and that has a compounding effect. It’s just nothing you can measure on a day-by-day basis. 
Edward Provost: Sure, Rich, and I hope most of you have seen some of the campaigns that we’ve been running, both in print and online. In addition to those, we are continuing to reach out to both the current users and potential users, making them aware of the attributes of the product, the uniqueness of the market model. We received really health, good feedback and are basically told be patient, it’s going to be a great product.  So we’re very optimist and we are continuing to spend great resources on increasing the awareness of the product. 
Edward Provost: And let me just add a little bit. This is Ed Provost. It continues to be the primary focus of our educational initiatives and in particular, at the RMC Conference where many of our educational seminars focus on the use of VIX and trading volitility, starting from both elementary strategies, introducing institutional users as to how to use the product to the opposite end of the spectrum where the sophistication of the presentation’s beyond may people’s understanding, but which provides a great advanced knowledge.  So it is really a product that is in its infancy and we see greater and greater adaptation by people who have not previously tried volitility. 
Edward Provost: So it’s very difficult for us to reach down to the customer level of understandings of what geographic area orders are coming from since we don’t, as a futures side of the world, which control the [inaudible] corporation might have greater granularity as to where the customer is. We’re not blessed with that kind of information.  That being said, we have an international and institutional marketing group that spends a good amount of time overseas. They speak to the customers, they speak to the users. We know there’s a high level of sophisticated that exists there. Indeed, we mentioned earlier the conference we’ll be doing in Europe this year, which we’ve already received significant interest in.  We believe that the potential is great for growing the use of our product overseas both in the EU and in areas of Asia and other parts of the world. So again, we are there, troops on the ground speaking to the users and every bit of information we have suggests that here’s great potential to grow product overseas. 
Edward Tilly: Thanks, Bill. Good question. The flexibility, I think, was another aspect that we really tried to drive home when we launched C2 is being able to offer multiple market volumes because there’s great flexibility as the marketplace changes and there are more demands on changes in algorithms, changes in fee schedules. What we’ve seen that traction in Spiders and Qs lately, we have days where C2 will trade 5% of the Spider volume. That coupled with not losing market share because of the VIP program on CBOE, and CBOE Holdings is a terrific advantage with pricings on C2.  So the traction in January, as Bill points out in Qs and Spiders, will really provide the roadmap and the direction we’ll follow as we expand into other less active classes on C2 throughout 2012. 
Edward Tilly: Sure. This is Ed Tilly. The competition in, I think, pricing, we saw a lot of changes [inaudible]. as you know, the SEC allows competition to copy other’s order types in the marketplace. So that distinction has been picked up by all the competition in the marketplace. So order types tend to conserve, there’s very little distinction by exchanges. Really, right now, the game is being competitive on price, services and that’s where CBOE is the leader. 
Edward Tilly: Yes, a lot of the work we do in rolling out non-tradable index products, for example, just the benchmarking, we’ve mentioned one late last year on our call was really the CBOE Tail Hedge Strategy Index, which really uses the 30 delta call and options, for example. And as volitility levels change, you’re exposure into that 30 delta call line is, we prescribe to increase or decrease. Well, we’re now at a level of historic volitility in the high-teens, low-20s that is instructing our users, go back in, reload if you will, add to your portfolio that exposure to VIX options. And lately, last week or so, we have seen a pickup in the VIX complex. And we’ve seen growth in VIX in low times of volitility as well as high times of volitility.  But if we go back to these benchmarks, the white pages, the information we put out, this is the time we see investors coming back into the VIX complex and following some of the strategies and index – or benchmarking index products that we put out. 
Edward Tilly: Justin, I think the way we look at it here is being prepared at a basically three-prong approach to migrating OTC trade to the list of market, or ultimately to central counter party clearnings. So we prepared ourselves for the most obvious, that is to take exchange look-a-like products and offer a solution on our listed exchange. Well, if that’s open, I’ll try traditional negotiated trade at CBOE. But it is the convention in the OTC market, TM subtled contract, we have SPXpm obviously at the ready at C2. Our flex capability, we just – we’re going to begin to roll out our new Flex 2.0 a flex system that allows for customized options to be traded on the same trade engine, CBOE [inaudible] is our listed option, so we’ll be ready for the customization of options those OTC contracts moving to the exchange.  And then as you pointed out, obviously the third is that is directly accepting OTC trades into the OTC clearing and benefitting from that.  So we’re really ready at any level and any degree of that regulation dictates certain exposure and we really find ourselves prepared. 
Edward Tilly: I think we’ve seen that migration for the time being. I think what you see now, the fight for market share is, you know, continues to be in the directed space where there is a preferred recipient. It’s really now a market model, an allocation model rather than the pricing model driving the touch – driving the flows. So as Ed points out, the upticks we’ve seen in share has come from retailers and it’s very, very important that the model that is winning here, if I can say winning, is the ability still for those consolidators of swell to be able to direct those orders to the market makers that they choose and that traditional allocation method is really the model that we see winning out.  The pricing model versus traditional is very, very interesting, but again, right now we see the terrific movement to CBOE really because of the ability to touch the flow from the consolidator and aggressive the VIP program that we just instituted in January. 
Edward Tilly: Let me add. I don’t mean to be dodging the answer directly. I’ll give you an example on a VIX settlement. So VIX options, VIX futures, right, we settled VIX futures 30 days out of the next month, it’s applied volitility index. So on the Wednesday of expiration week, for example, the opening in the SPX complex to settle the VIX futures contract will trade 300 or 400,000 contract in SPX.  Now, can I point to the VIX futures contract as incremental revenue in the VIX future side? No, that’s actually revenue driven into the SPX complex or the CBOE side. So it’s difficult to track, but know that the product design is a conscious effort to drive more and more volume back into the complex whether it’s on future side or the option side. Dan Fannon – Jefferies & Co. : Okay, thank you, gentlemen. I appreciate the clarity. Thank you. 
Edward Tilly: From what we know and what we’ve seen, the SEC remains pretty firm on the 40% guaranteed participation right as well as protecting the exposure on straight order types history into the marketplace. So we see no budging on that. We do see timers, that is the amount of required exposure in order to affect the cross being turned down a bit, but with the increase in efficiency in electronics, we think that the competitive quarters are able to keep pace with the technological changes.  But we really are – applaud the SEC in maintaining that exposure that they required since the options markets have begun. We don’t see that budging anytime soon but certainly, we will be keeping you up to date if we see any moment on that front. But we’re fully behind the SEC’s desire for a transparent dedicated liquidity provider and what they add to the marketplace. 
Alan Dean: And I would add, so just to expand on that, we’re not ruling anything out in terms of what we might do in the future. Our goal is to return value to shareholders and that’s what we intend to do. 
Alan Dean: I’ll add, this is Alan Dean, that the way I look at it, there’s three pricing models in our industry. There’s traditional pricing, like CBOE has where customers pay nothing, liquidity providers and others pay fees. Then there’s maker takers, so if you’re a maker of market, you get a credit and if you’re a taker, you pay a fee and the exchange keeps that. And then finally, the AMEX model, which allows for equity participation in the value of the exchange. So everybody is trying to target segment the market differently, fighting in different ways, all trying to provide the best value and services that they can and we are as well. 
Alan Dean: Hi, Niamh, Alan. I wish I could do that every year. All I’m willing to say is the guidance that I gave for 2012, which I think was 24 to 26 million in exchange services and other fees for 2012. And we did that because we thought we saw room in where we were on pricing and where the market was, and that’s why we implemented. So I can’t guarantee it, but I’m fairly confident about the guidance I’m giving you for 2012. 
