Edward Tilly: Thanks, Brian. Before we turn to Q&A, I wanted to quickly highlight a couple of important corporate developments. As we accelerate our growth and operations on a global scale, we remain focused on our environmental footprint, social responsibilities, and opportunities to make a difference in the communities in which we live and work.  To that end, last month, we announced a new community engagement program, Cboe Empowers. This program provides mentorship, scholarships, and guidance to under-resourced students through their educational journey from elementary school to career.  Cboe Empowers is our most ambitious philanthropic endeavor to date. We couldn't be more excited to help equip the next generation with opportunity to realize the career choices available to them as they embark on building their future. Additional information about this exciting program, as well as some of the other important initiatives we are focused on regarding environmental, social and corporate governance, is included in our recently-published ESG report. We are committed to doing our part to help ensure we are tackling the important challenges our global community is facing today and in the future.  I'd also like to take a minute to express my immense gratitude to Debbie Koopman for her service to Cboe as she will be retiring in November. During her 13 years with us, she has built Cboe's investor relations program from the ground up, played a major role in our transition to a public company through our successful IPO in 2010, and has been pivotal in the execution of our acquisition strategy. She has helped shape and communicate Cboe's vision and mission to the investment community, developing strong relationships with our shareholders, potential investors and research analysts. I have always appreciated her sharp wit, tough questions, friendship and indelible laugh and will miss working with her.  We are thrilled to have Ken Hill succeeding Debbie as Vice President of Investor Relations. He joined us last month and is working closely with Debbie to ensure a smooth transition. His experience and expertise in capital markets make him a perfect fit for this role. We wish Debbie all the best in her retirement.  I'll now pass it back to Debbie for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. 
Edward Tilly: Let's go on reverse. Chris, you want to start off with the plan, I think what you and Dave have outlined. So, let's give a little bit more clarity there. Brian, you can fill in that on the first part of the question. So, let's start in reverse if that's okay, Alex, and I appreciate it. 
Edward Tilly: The answer has to be yes. We're not afraid to look at a larger deal. We don't have the need. That's not something that we wake up and say we have to go do. But I think more importantly is the type of transaction that we would look at. And if you can put size to the side for a moment, it's really in our core. We believe we've done a pretty good job in M&A with filling out the suite of products and services that help our customers pre, at and post trade. We like that. And we're in a full integration mode. But we look at the asset classes and geographies that we think we have an advantage to compete.  If a country or region is open for competition, we want to look how to get in and compete in a way that we operate, so that our customers, when they see Cboe, they see an asset class that Cboe is involved in that there is trust, there's knowledge, there's reliability, there's consistency.  So, we'll look across the globe. And if a region is competitive and open for competition, we want to take a good hard look. We're also interested in scale. So, in the regions that we operate today, we'll continue to look for opportunities to expand our presence. So, I hope that gives you a sense of how we view M&A.  John, feel free to jump in. 
Edward Tilly: I'll tee it up and Brian will give you a little bit more detail about how you should be viewing it and where you can find it. I think, importantly, last quarter, we did announce that Cathy Clay will be leading up a new division here with data and access services and solutions, which is very, very important to us. But, Brian, I think how to track that, model that, just a little guidance there would be helpful. 
Edward Tilly: I think importantly, what Brian is hinting to, the combined sales effort of real time and enhanced market data with FT, TradeAlert and the analytics that Hanweck provides, it really is an incredibly powerful, expandable and portable platform at relationship. So, just the beginning stages, as I said. We just started pulling this up a quarter ago. So, keep watching this one. We're excited about it. 
Edward Tilly: Alex, great question. You're not the only one. So, this is how things start, right? Volume, this kind of growth starts to get the attention. What we're really looking for and where the demand is is in large blocks. And we need to satisfy that. The inbound and the interest, especially in this market, and you can see the growth in high yield, in particular, really looking for block trade size and solving that is what we'll be talking about in the quarters to come. So, thank you for calling that out.
Edward Tilly: Let me kick it off. Yeah, we do believe any – we think the SEC is looking at the right approach. The chair has called out his desire to look at the review. What role do lit markets play in price formation? Of course, from our perspective, any movement, any discussion that allows for more competition, more price discovery, equal playing field as far as regulatory review oversight, we're all for it. So, just in general, these are really, really healthy discussions. And we're primed and ready to participate in the debate.  I think, Chris, from your perspective, another couple of comments on what we think are the low hanging fruit as far as trading increments, transparency would be great.
Brian Schell: We do love this question, Rich. So, I'll just kind of reiterate a couple of things. One, on the access capacity, we've kind of seen that strength all year long. Again, reflecting, like I said, accelerated demand for basically overall capacity to access our markets, again, showing the quality and depth in what we're doing there. And again, that is across the board. That is options, equities, Europe. Actually, the strongest on a pure growth rate is European equities. From an overall contribution, it's still coming from the options business as well as North American equities.  On the market data side, I would say a couple of things I want to hit there as well, is that I hinted that that growth is actually coming also internationally and domestically. If we look at just the market data growth, we're seeing that most of that – not most of it, but the majority of it, I'll say, more than 50% is actually coming internationally. So, we're still seeing really good strength there as far as what's happening.  And then, I would say from the incremental guidance that we're seeing is, we look at our pipeline, we have assumptions around attrition, that may or may not happen. I will tell you, what we're seeing is, the things that we've been doing, the continuous enhancements that the team is making, we've seen a decline in the attrition rate. So, we're actually seeing, I'll say, better results than we had actually originally forecasted. So, the attrition rate is actually down from what we've experienced in the past. So, we're seeing it be even stickier than it was in the past. So, that's driving a lot of the, I'll call it, incremental guide on the growth rate in the non-transaction revenue on the tracks.  On the Chi-X, yes, that is a bit of a – kind of a little bit more uniqueness to the market structure, say, of Australia and Japan, particularly Australia. If you look at the overall mix, it's roughly a 50/50 between market data and access and capacity fees, a little bit more leaning towards market data. And it's more weighted as a higher percentage of the overall mix within Australia.
Brian Schell: Alex, on the growth rate, I think we've historically said that we've seen some of the growth rates in the kind of the 20% ranges and where we are. We see that momentum continuing, whether that's kind of low-20s, mid-teens, as far as we kind of looking forward. And we see that business continuing to grow. We haven't seen the slowdown from, call it, when we started talking with them to where we are today.  John, I don't know if you have incremental color as well. 
Brian Schell: I don't have the, I'll call it, exact numbers you're looking for. I want to kind of talk high level trends of what we're seeing. And it's going to be primarily – you're going to have some new, but the bulk of that you're going to see the existing and you're going to see a reflection of two things. One is – and some of this has to do with some of the offerings we're also providing. I think it's a little bit of macro. And obviously, we're seeing higher volumes. So, they're going to be pulling in, they want more access, they want more capacity. So, you're definitely seeing some influence from macro. And we won't be able to say, hey, it's coming from X percent from macro and increased volumes versus – as they continue to figure out what their incremental analytics and what they're doing internally and adding incremental ports. So, we're seeing both. And I think we're helping facilitate that with some of our pre trade, at trade, post trade analytics and services and what we're doing with them. So, we're seeing a combination of both.  So, to go back to that, I would say the primary growth driver is the existing. We're still seeing some new, but, again, I would say, it's all of the three. I wish I had one particular thing I could point at. It certainly would make it easier. But I think it makes a really nice mix of diversity as we roll forward as we try and touch several levers to keep it moving forward on the momentum. 
Brian Schell: Yeah, I'll try to unpack that. As far as the non-transaction revenue growth, we will – in that growth expectation is, we tend to be conservative, as you know. And while there is a pipeline, we have some visibility. We do have some assumptions around it. It's primarily going to reflect, I'll call it, a growth rate of kind of where we are today and what we see and relative to our growth last year as well, right? So, you've seen consecutive quarters of this category continuing to grow. So, we're continuously running against higher and higher comps prior year. But I would say the short answer is, it primarily reflects what we see today, trying to factor in, as I mentioned earlier, to Rich's original question about kind of what are we seeing some of the growth and changing that is the lower attrition rates. And like I said, some slightly stronger pipeline with some percentage of success rates over time. And again, sometimes it's hard to predict when those [indiscernible], but that's somewhat factored in.  I think on the Chi-X side, I'm going to let John talk a little bit about that as far as the growth and how we're seeing that relative to the incumbents, and again, a little bit more than – a little bit more color. 
Brian Schell: I think there's two things that I would say – I think we'd say incremental momentum here with what Ed mentioned as far as with Cathy and pulling this together, one, is what we're doing on the more analytic side and the computational versus the real time. And that's bringing a renewed focus, bringing it all together, and making it more digestible and easier, and meeting outside customer demand for that. And so, that's really helping to accelerate that and enabling, I'll call it, the sales force. And I'll say that word very broadly, to be able to patch that offering in a more integrated way. Again, more work to be done there. But we're working towards that.  I would say that, more broadly, though, what is missed, and sometimes oversold, but we're not going to oversell here, is that there is a cross sell effort across the asset classes that's really, really important. We're seeing – continue to see incremental growth coming out of our equities business. And it's not just the market data sales team. It's the team that's actually focused on growing the transaction business, is continuing to talk to the clients about the quality of market data, the different offerings, the depth of book, top of book, whatever might meet those needs from a cost standpoint. So, that cross sell effort across all the asset classes, Europe, Asia, with respect to options, the team has been able to do that. So, it's not just a market data sales team. It's actually the broader sales team across all the businesses, even like I said, those folks in the transaction businesses. So, that rallying, we're seeing a lot more momentum really starting to take hold. And, frankly, we want to incent that behavior. And we do, so that, again, we all grow on a top line basis. 
Brian Schell: I'll take, Alex, on the pricing. I'm happy to talk a little bit about that. It was, I'll call – it was introduction of some pricing. And so, it wasn't really a strategy shift as an explicit, hey, we're going to try and get some more capture. So, it was a little bit more normalization. So, it was in the equity side of the business. And it was kind of a little bit of new pricing. So, it wasn't anything that you push back. Honestly, it was pretty minor, given the overall mix. It showed up because so much had been – there really hadn't been much pricing action that had been going on, which is why it kind of had a little bit of that blip. So, it really isn't a change in strategy as far as – what we expect to see in the near term. On the futures, thanks for highlighting that. That's been a really strong growth story. If we look at the [indiscernible], we haven't made a large headline out of that yet, although we're incredibly proud of the success and where we are, though. As you look at the overall numbers, relative to the rest of the scale the business, it's not a huge revenue producer yet. But as we know, you have to start from somewhere. So, we've seen a – just if you look at the whole iBoxx complex, we've seen a 90% growth rate or more from where we were before. And we've seen growth not only from last year, but also from the first quarter of, call it, 20% range across that complex. So, it's really nice momentum that we continue to see that that continues to build. 
Chris Isaacson: In the integration plan, as we do normally with integrations, we do plan to migrate to our technology. We plan to first bring bids to the region first in Australia, then in Japan. We haven't put out specific dates, but we're moving swiftly now that we have the transaction closed and working with our new colleagues there.  And then, we would migrate likely first Australia and then Japan to Cboe technologies, the same platform we use to run all of our equity options and futures market. So, we're moving very quickly. We'll have more firm dates in the coming months. But really pleased with the initial work with our colleagues. They're very excited about the growth opportunities in Asia, both for those existing equity markets, but also the access and distribution it gives us for our other products around the world.
Chris Isaacson: As Ed mentioned in his opening remarks, so November 21, we plan to extend trading hours to nearly 24/5 for SPX and VIX options on our Cboe options market. That will better align with our CFE futures or VIX futures that are already trading 24/5. This is in direct response to customer demand. They want to trade these options products around the clock. And so, we want to provide them that access. We're adding a curb session here in September. It will be right after the market closes US time. And then, full or nearly 24/5 coming in November. So, really excited about that and being able to distribute those to our APAC customers, as well as those in other regions that may want to trade during those hours.
Chris Isaacson: I think you nailed it. We are just super excited about this, Owen. We realize it's a long-term investment. We've said it for many quarters now. So, we recognize the build will be somewhat slow in 2021. That's why we haven't projected massive revenues in 2021. But this is the start of what we think is a long-term growth play for us under the leadership of Dave Howson and team in Europe.  We've had good demand across the ecosystem, good readiness. We're right on schedule. And starting with those indices first, six indices first, and then eventually and more country-specific, more single stock options as well, and futures. So, we have a long-term growth path here that our customers are wanting again.  Just like 24/5, this is a customer driven effort. We have customers saying we want this exposure in a better market structure than we have today.
Chris Isaacson: Brian, I just had more thing on data real quick. It's just – think about, we're adding to the different data sets we're able to offer with the transactions from last year, and also more broad data sets from our markets. So, the what is increasing; the where, we're increasing; where, we're distributing that existing data around the globe, as Brian mentioned, getting a lot of growth outside the US, for instance. And then, the how. Ed mentioned in his remarks around Cboe Global Cloud, the way in which we're distributing that data is also increasing. So, that's what we think this is. This is a secular growth path for us. And we're quite excited about it. 
Chris Isaacson: Brian, good question. We think now's a good time for the commission to be looking at this under Chair Gensler who's we think focused on the right things, which is better outcomes for investors. We think the market is operating quite well today. But there can be some changes that would even improve the environment. And changes of tick sizes or finer tick sizes on exchange that would match what is allowed to be done off exchange could help level the playing field. Everyone has been watching the growth of off-exchange volume that's – Brian mentioned in his remarks, that's hard to ignore. And so, we are for displayed quotes and markets and transparent markets. And we think tick size reform could help in that effort. And then greater disclosure and transparency, as always, around best execution. So, no dramatic reforms we're pushing for, but we think it's time to review tick sizes for sure. 
Chris Isaacson: Nothing material to update on market data. We continue to track it closely. But we frankly welcome the focus on what we think are important issues for the retail investors. 
John Deters: This is John. To Rich's prior question as well, a question of why non-transaction revenues are substantial in this business, when we diligenced the business, it was one of the really interesting things we found about the platforms of the two countries. They're highly connected. They're indispensable platforms in both countries. And as a result, you see reflected, people really needing to take that access, take the data from both platforms.  Where you can grow from there, to your question, Alex, we were in – relative to the size of the Chi-X businesses, we see a market opportunity, just looking at the incumbents of 20 times the size of the revenues of these businesses, and our aspiration is always to grow the pie, just like we talk about for European derivatives. It's not just to take share from the incumbent. So, we think it's pretty clear case where we can take the business from its position today.
John Deters: Brian, the growth rate, historically, for Chi-X has been double-digits both on the transaction side and the data and access side. But you'll recall, when we framed the strategic benefits of the deal on announcement, we talked about really three levels intrinsic to the opportunity. There's the transaction growth opportunity, and that's about market share. We've done that before in other markets. We look to do that in these two. Two, it's about data distribution.  And this opportunity really is a two-way opportunity. So, as Chris mentioned, and Brian touched on, being able to distribute our existing data properties into the Asia-Pacific theater, where we really probably had single-digit representatives in the past and now we've got full teams and platforms, that's a game changer. And going the other direction, being able to distribute data from those markets into our existing markets where we've got significant presence.  And then, finally, the third level is on bids and connectivity with bids. And this will drive both of those. It'll drive transaction volume and it will drive the data opportunity in Australia and Japan.
John Deters: I think, to Ed's point, the smaller scale acquisitions really are something we think of as an extension of our organic capabilities. With all humility, we think we're quite good at it from an integration standpoint. Chris mentioned the team's focus and planning around every opportunity. It really drives the organic growth opportunity for us.  And consider this. Just Chi-X alone, relative to the scale of capital that had to be deployed to acquire that business, the returns that you will garner on an aggregate basis with these types of transactions are really, really meaningful. So, again, it's not to say that we favor one versus the other, small versus scale. But small can have a really useful role to play in our organic growth plans. 
