Ed Tilly: I am - I am sure. It was. The question is great and we get that question as does every exchange operator after we're coming off a record-setting quarter followed up by a market environment where our customers are reassessing risk, the strategies that were successful in that record-setting quarter and the changing market environment. So that's not unusual for us. You've seen that ebb and flow. But more specifically, I think what I'd call out is that rally that began in late December and continued through early January did lead to a lot of changes for us and as we look at the marketplace, the level and the flatness of the volatility surface. We've talked about in the past, certain strategies rest when that surface is flat. You know that. The change in the VVIX that is the cost of using VIX options as a hedge only the cheapest that I can recall that change as we've seen the return over the last weeks into using VIX calls as a hedge. So as perceptions change so does the volume. And we've seen it building on that base in January and early February. That's not surprising. Look back and you'll see what market environment really serves us well. It's the one we're in now and that January readjustment is just part of the story. What we've seen over the last few days, obviously, now is the return to uncertainty. All of those same risk factors that drove market volumes starting in September through the rest of the year are still out there. So we find ourselves really well-positioned. The liquidity in our products are ready to take on changing perception. And looking over the last week we already see a shift in rebuilding of the volumes that we were used to perhaps at the beginning of the correction in early fall. So we like the market. We see it coming back. The Street says that they're reassessing. And we can see that show up in our volumes and the shift already. So hope that answers and I can get -- we can go pretty weedy in surface and the other Greeks and happy to get there if there's a follow-up question.
Ed Tilly: I think it's -- John, to point out and it's following up on Rich's question, the change in AUM, Rich, and those ETP trackers just coming off of the last day in January to a day or two ago went from about $1.7 billion to about $2.1 billion. So you do see a return to those strategies that have worked. But this resetting from our customers' perspective is not that unusual.
Ed Tilly: It's a great question. And up front and we've said -- in the competition in a transparent market, that's what we're used to. The Cboe competing in -- its history of multi-list options and Bats in [U.S.] [ph] equities when we can see the competition we do quite well. And what I'm referring to is this is competition in a lit market as opposed to competition in the dark market, where there may or may not be regulatory arb and less clarity to what's happening in dark pool. So facing a new entrant head on, it's really what we're used to. We are the low-cost provider -- leading in the low-cost provider on many fronts. The market is different from the last time we had a new entrant. And Chris Isaacson has joined our call this morning. And I think his perspective on -- this is what we refer to as Bats 2.0, we don't believe that. The market structure has changed. Fees have changed. So I'm going to let him talk about what's different from his perspective. But I will comment that is a formidable group that has come together. I know we don't take any competition lightly and you refer to that name and the liquidity providers who are committed to NYMEX. There are some issues I think that we will compete head-on. And there are others as a low-cost provider today that I think is going to be very, very difficult for that new entrant. But I'll ask for Chris' perspective who's been through this from 2007.
Ed Tilly: Ken I think we'll learn more also if we ever hear of a management team or see a filing or understand which fees that group is going against. It's been a wonderful headline. They've way outkicked the coverage. That's for you Rich so far. So, we really don't have many details. But when we do, we -- because it's transparent and needs to be filed, we will compete.
Ed Tilly: Yes, I think what's changed and we began mentioning this on the call. I would say its three years now is I left the Risk Management Conference and was really in awe at how our users changed our story from a VIX one to their ability to pivot and use these products depending on their change in the perception of risk. Meaning they now have fine-tuned which market environment they expect to use our products to hedge. That's the bigger change. And the reason we stack the proprietary products the way we do is because using these products in tandem based on your perception of risk does change in every market environment. When realized volatility is higher than implied, there's a great focus on SPX implied over realized strategies focused on VIX futures. We've talked about term structure, the effect of term structure. Those talks never happened five years ago. It was -- I'm getting some volatility exposure. I'll use VIX futures or VIX options. I have a basket of the S&P 500. I'm going to use out the money options in the S&P 500 as a hedge. It is different today. It's evolved. It's much more sophisticated. And it's rewarding for us to see that any market environment, one of these products is the go-to hedge globally. And also in the prepared remarks, the increased demand inbound we have from other geographies is where we're going to focus. But I really wouldn't re-rank them as you're asking me to do but rather stress how users use these in tandem depending on how the risk perception changes.
Ed Tilly: And more of maximizing revenue, when balancing the capture with market share that's always been the playbook. We've got all the tools. We can respond if one of our competitors acts in a rational way. But to Brian's point, we don't chase share for the sake of share. We look at this as a blend in total revenue opportunity. So to Brian's point, I expect that capture to come back down to its -- closer to its average and then outlier as a result of really, really high volumes in that fourth quarter and some key players missing a couple of tiers.
Ed Tilly: Brian, let me take one of the four. So Brexit is really the goal that Mark and the team have set out. It's no disruption for our customers and their need to have access in pan-European access. That's the goal. That's what we've set up. And then mindful from a governance perspective and certainty around working and cooperating with the new regulator and that process is underway, but the heart of it was really the continuation of operation what our customers in Europe are used to expecting from us as a successful seizing opportunities that MiFID II gave to the marketplace. Similarly that was based around continuation of business and that is what Brexit is. So if we could just put that aside, we don't know what the opportunities look like. We really don't know at the end of the day any more clearly than any other operator that's dealing with Brexit, but continuation of the operation is really what we're after right now. And that's what the team is focused on. So I'll turn it over for the other three questions to Brian and Chris.
Ed Tilly: And I think the last one was market data. And just to remind you that the SEC's opinion really doesn't have any impact on our strategy and that is to get new users and grow the user base. But we do believe the SEC has ceded its authorities as I said in my prepared remarks. We filed a motion for reconsideration in October and the SEC is considering the motion. We don't know when they're going to act but they've stayed -- the compliance they set forth in the original order. So in the meantime our fees remain intact. And we're out trying to bring in new users to our feed. So we -- nothing new there other than the fees remain intact. And as things change and involve with the regulator, we'll keep you up to date on our strategy.
Ed Tilly: Yes. I think also maybe, Chris the change that we will file and we submitted at BZX equities and how we're looking at capacity fees rather than connectivity fees I think as to Brian's point, how you may see things that are different. So, maybe just a couple of words.
Ed Tilly: Well, I think it's heated up right. We can't comment on that, but we will introduce as we pointed out in the prepared remarks this is – we forget the M&A aspect. BIDS is our partner in Europe, and we've had a very successful relationship. But specifically, to that question, we really don't comment on any rumors specifically as you point out with BIDS. So I really don't have anything further on that today.
Ed Tilly: Let me take the second question, Rich. We love to answer them both. We have given guidelines in the past, not as specific as you're asking at the level of accretion and over what time. But as -- even as John's words today, we can touch a customer either earlier in the trade process or later in the trade process. We love that and that's evidenced -- you've seen us with Livevol and Silexx in the past and even transformative deals. Obviously this board when we set out on our first major acquisition of Bats that was a game changer, executing on a successful integration. And then ultimately in October on the migration our board is comfortable with large scale M&A. So we are still interested in the spectrum as far as size. The board has gotten very comfortable with our ability to delever after a deal. So, I just keep an open mind on the size. As for timing on accretion, we have not given that guideline. We like accretive deals. So, put -- just put that in the back of your head. I won't get any more specific than that. But our goal and the board's goal is to deliver to the shareholders what we promised in our first major M&A. You will see tack-ons and bolt-ons along the way, but very comfortable with larger-scale M&A. And I will need to turn it over to Brian on non-trans revenue question.
Ed Tilly: It's a little of both. So, if we look over the past three years or so we've seen some CTAs entering the space, that certainly have embedded volatility strategies that they'd like to put in place and really being able to express the position in the U.S. market by using long or short VIX futures strategy that's really the story. We had a very large futures user coming in from Europe expressing a short exposure in the U.S. market by a long – continuing to roll a long VIX futures position. So that's the target. We understand there's a demand out there, so focusing on that group will be relatively new for us. And that's why I think what our team – our newly designed biz dev team is out focusing on among the new users.
Ed Tilly: No, no. It's not replacing. Again, if you think of the use case for all of these products and if you have one exposure to express a short position in the U.S. market it's really strike specific or level-specific on the S&P 500. And if you're wrong that is linear in its losses. But to maintain a constant exposure to VIX futures is a small – well in this case zero roll-down risk, but historically a small roll-down risk to still maintain that same long exposure in VIX looking for a soft in the U.S. market. So no it really wouldn't replace. It's just a different way to express long or short positions in the U.S. market. We don't think they would replace but enhance. That's really the beauty of these products.
John Deters: And Rich, this is John, not to take it too deep in the weeds, but I know you've asked a lot in the past about the ETP ecosystem behind VIX. And we like what we see there particularly with the transition to VXXB. We think that's been orderly. The fact that AUM is somewhat down recently is just indicative of the fact that those products are really all about taking directional views in the level of VIX. And the case we're taking directional views right now is somewhat for GLA as they say. So I think really the – where we see the opportunity here is in the options with the low level of VVIX and a low relative cost.
John Deters: Yes. So -- and I think Michael your observation is generally correct. And I think we can draw a line directly back to the integration of Cboe and Bats. I mean we as a management team are laser-focused on sticking the landing there. And I think you've heard us talk consistently about that for many quarters now. We see the light at the end of the tunnel. We're coming up on October here just in a few short months. And that gives us opportunity to start looking at things that are in the market. We're always going to be opportunistic. What do we like we like and this is consistent with what we've talked about before. We love being an exchange operator. I'll say it very categorically. And so platforms that we know or familiar with that bring us potentially closer to the end customer, that help us realize efficiencies, and in some cases, you'll see platforms like that also produce interesting data sets that are complementary. Those are the types of platforms we'll think about.
John Deters: So, Alex this is John. That's a really good question. Interestingly earlier we had a comment for one of the questioners about the relative growth in our product set just referring to SPX and VIX. And the statement was that SPX is our fastest-growing product in the past year. It's actually a misnomer. It's actually the MSCI product set albeit from a low base. So that will be something that evolves over time. But we had a 250% increase from January 18 to January 19 in terms of volume traded. And you see a similar trend in terms of the open interest for those -- these two products. So this is a long-term build. This is how new products evolve in our market. You commit to them. Day one when volume is -- never mind where it is today when volume is when -- where it was when we launched it three years ago these are accretive for us. It's not we make money off of every trade. But the key here is sticking to the products, sticking to the promotional effort and over time seeing customers really adopt the products in their workflows to the point that you get this virtuous cycle of liquidity. So, we're seeing that play out right now as we speak. But again it's from a low base.
Brian Schell: Yes. So a little bit of that is, if you look at kind of historical and we looked at, say, from -- and I'll call this new environment of this combined Cboe as far as being a large organization operating in multiple markets. If you look at kind of that core expense base without of the -- all of the other noise going on. If you look at 2017 -- 2016 and 2017, I think, we saw some of that core expense may grow though that, call that 4% to 6% range. I know, traditionally, we tried to be more in that 3% to 5%. So I think we saw it creep up just a little bit. I think we're going to have a very strong year as far as 2018 to 2019 essentially having that lower number here, implicit of roughly, call it, 1% to 3% as far as where that guidance goes. And then, I think we're going to start to return to some of that -- part of that is that, we provided that slightly higher range, again, because it's almost two years out. So we're being a little bit conservative. Some things could happen, but it's not outside the range of where we have been before as a larger entity.
Brian Schell: So I think it was a combination of several things as far as what you saw in the fourth quarter. As we looked at the volume and you look at market participation, I wouldn't call so much as a selectively trying to move tiers away. I think some of that reflects certain tiers being hit not being tiered. And again you're going to get noise quarter-over-quarter with certain larger firms that may or may not hit tiers depending on maybe whether strategy may have changed. So you're seeing some of that in the fourth quarter, which Cboe benefited on the RPC side. Maybe they lost it on the market share side. Again you saw a very, very strong net transaction outcome, which, again, was very pleased with. And so you're going to see some of that noise. So what I potentially expect to see that strong of an RPC on a quarter-to-quarter basis going into 2019, probably not. So it's not trying to exclude certain flow, but we're also -- and we make it -- try to be very disciplined about our pricing of not chasing unprofitable flow to make sure just because we want to gather market share because it just doesn't have any meaningful impact to the bottom line. So we try to be -- maintain some consistency across that schedule. And ultimately we see competitors doing different things that may try to enhance their market share, trying to create some -- make it sticky or not. Again, we see that over time. But like I said, our focus has been being very disciplined on our price schedule, looking at that top line and not so much focusing on the noise around the market share and the RPC at any one quarter.
Brian Schell: I'd just add to that. As we continue to evaluate through there as -- and we've always said that when we had -- to enhance Chris point when we had any incremental visibility to a certain project or a key initiative that was going to drive down or change expenses, we will provide that. And as we obviously progress into the year and that becomes firmer or whatever and we can refine those guidance we will. And like I said and going out to 2020, obviously that's a little less. We felt confident that obviously you saw the schedule that Debbie beat us up on to make sure that we are providing this, because we again had a pretty good sense of confidence on where that was. And whether that's looking at the various expenses and our people getting reimbursed for Chick-fil-A sandwiches or are they going out to the expensive steakhouses. So it's all those little things that we continue to look on be very disciplined about and take a good look at.
Brian Schell: So, let me talk about the -- just -- specifically address kind of the buyback. So, as we've said in the past buyback is obviously one of our broader capital allocation alternatives that we'll pursue. At any one point in time we've made a habit of -- a policy of not saying hey we're in or we're out or this is where we are. So, just to continue to reemphasize that we're not going to say, hey we're now in kind of approach. But like I said it's something that we do think is very valuable with the right price. And again, we weigh that against all the alternatives we have whether that's continuing to invest in organic opportunities or we might see something that's sitting right now outside of Cboe Global Markets portfolio that we think actually makes sense strategically that we want to add and that has a long-term growth impact that we think we can manage as well whether it be a topline growth or something to add to cost reduction synergy approach as well. As far as some of the other kind of investment opportunities, I'm going to turn it over to John have a few more thoughts about kind of some of the -- how we're thinking a little bit about that.
Brian Schell: So, I would say that we continue to take a look at those and optimize across the broad category. We continue to see -- like -- I think that Ed mentioned earlier about from the market data side we continue to look at growing that organically. We're seeing a -- continue to try and build that pipeline just even into new year as far as new clients, new geographies, primarily on the equity side, top of book which we think is the -- kind of the largest upside for us at this point. And again, it's not just the equity side. It's also – we think there continue to be opportunities around whether it be the futures data the index data and across all the asset classes. We continue to see opportunity there. As far as the other call it the access fees exchange services as we continue to look at those and align those and gear those to look at more and more about capacity and access to our markets and all the things that we're doing on the tech side you'll – you potentially could see some noise as to any one category, how they're classified, again, because the technology is different and how they're using it, and we're aligning it. And sometimes, you see the name changes, but it's not just a simple name change, but it's really reflective of again, how we're building the systems, and like I said, how the clients are consuming the data. So I will look for continued growth there. It's been lower to single digit numbers versus what we've seen on the transaction side for 2018. But we're still optimistic that there's still opportunity there and we – and we're continuing to be very disciplined about any changes to our pricing.
Brian Schell: Yeah. So on that Chris, really the customers pay for access to our markets and they pay for that in the form of really physical port fees as well as would have been logical port fees, but it has kind of been a misnomer. And really, what they're paying for is capacity. And so think about it as somebody is going to use AWS or some cloud provider they're paying for what they use. And that's effectively what they're doing on our markets as well. So we just put in a rule filing on BZX equities for effectively capacity fees for a logical port. So as our customers need for capacity increases, so will our charges related so will the incremental charges related to their access. But that, we just view that as part of operating the markets. And as they need more capacity, they'll buy more. And if they need less, they'll buy less, but yeah that's the story there.
Brian Schell: Like I said, we haven't made any definitive plan to say one way or the other so that here's what we're going to allocate specifically to the various options that we have. I'll just again reiterate kind of my earlier comments is that this is a conversation we have on a very, very frequent quarterly basis at a minimum with our board and various committees about our approach to capital allocation for the coming year and changing to market circumstances or opportunities whether they'd be from a debt capacity side, whether they be at dividend side or share repurchase activity given where the stock may be trading. Or again, I know there's been some -- or an inorganic activity that we want to pursue. So I think it's too early to provide that kind of guidance at this point other than we'll continue to evaluate and try to deliver what we think is -- makes the most sense for returning cash to the shareholder because we -- it's not ours. We don't want to sit on it. And we think it's appropriate to either put it to use or give it back to you.
Brian Schell: Yeah. So I would say that the growth rate as you look at all the dynamics of what's going on. And largely due to the SIP being a – such a large base of overall non-transaction fees, and if you look at it from a drag on growth rate that's probably one of the biggest reasons that we would expect a call it low to mid-single-digit growth rate in non-transaction revenue. And I also say back to Chris earlier comments that, we kind of addressed as we have delivered – when we've delivered the new technology platforms then you'll potentially see a – either a changing structure or kind of how we basically provide those services whether it be the port fees, the capacity, things like that. That tends to necessarily get re-priced or adjusted to reflect how the users are using those services, as well as the greater capacity or whatever the benefits that are associated with it. And so we would expect to see a lot of change, during 2019 with C1. And so there's going to more substantial changes more likely be 2019 from a change in that growth rate.
Chris Isaacson: Thanks Ed. Appreciate the question Ken. So, I was one of the founding employees of Bats and this has been phrased as Bats 2.0. As Ed mentioned in his prepared remarks and just now that the market is different. Transaction fees at that time that Bats started were say roughly $0.10 per 100 shares of capture on transaction fees. And they've been compressed substantially since then. Reg NMS was a tailwind for Bats and all the effects of Reg NMS are really borne out now. There's frankly many calls to revisit NMS. And there's -- obviously, there's focus on non-transaction fees. But as Ed mentioned, we are the low-cost provider here. And the growth of our non-transaction fee revenue is really based on customer growth and new products and not on raising fees. So, we think we're positioned extraordinarily well. I mean if you look at the rationale around this integration between Cboe and Bats, it was about making a lean mean fighting machine as far as an exchange operator that also has incredible proprietary products. And we -- we're fulfilling that promise to that deal and we're ready to compete against what could be a formidable competitor. But we think we're well-positioned.
Chris Isaacson: I'll take that. This is Chris Isaacson. I mean, I think we try to be very, very disciplined when we were looking at expenses. And as we put together this integration plan, as we hit closer to the end of it in October, the clarity does get much more clear for us. So, as we -- Brian and I work together along with the team, we have -- think we have a really good feel for what we're going to realize as far as synergies in 2019 what we're going to experience for run rate going forward. And we're quite excited about finishing this migration. And frankly, not just the cost -- taking the cost out of the organization where needed, but also about the opportunities we're going to have on the new platform that's going to give us more agility as we're doing weekly software releases across all of our platforms.
Chris Isaacson: Yeah. And I would just add to Brian's point, I think in Europe with periodic options, LIS partnership with BIDS, we think we have a full suite of trading products for our customers there, some at a higher capture but certainly a greater utility for them that have been very well received by both buy-side and sell-side and great work by Mark Hemsley and the team there to not just be ready for MiFID a year ago but to be ready to seize on that opportunity that MiFID presented us many opportunities and we see follow-through for that in 2019. As Ed said, Brexit is more about business continuity, because we don't know any better necessarily than anyone else. But we do think eventually change will create opportunity for us. And as Brian said on FX, an amazing story in 2018. This is truly about getting closer to your customer, having better data and analytics so that you can have more intelligent conversations with them so they can improve their trading experience on your platform. And we think there's still room to run their as well as we get closer to our customers and provide them more value.
