Deborah Koopman: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, Bill Brodsky, our Chairman and CEO, will provide an overview of the quarter and an update on our strategic initiatives; then Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will review our third quarter 2012 financial results. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A is our President and COO, Ed Tilly; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Business Development Officer, Ed Provost. In addition, I'd like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold. And while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full disclosure of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Brodsky.
Deborah Koopman: At this point, we would be happy to take questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please take our first question.
Deborah Koopman: That completes our call this morning. Thank you, all, for joining in, and look forward to speaking to you.
William J. Brodsky: I think, you're better off with the first one. Look, as we've explained in many, many other meetings, we've had this 30-year relationship with S&P. It's an excellent relationship. The contract has many years to go. When we are ready to have those conversations, there'll be time to discuss it. But the point is that we are not discussing the ongoing relationship with S&P other than to tell you that it's excellent. And you're right, the VIX situation makes our relationship with S&P even better and our negotiating situation even stronger than it ever was.
William J. Brodsky: So, Roger, this is Bill. So let me start off, and if I need help, Alan will join in. But our Board has been very clear that we want to return excess cash to our stockholders. And the 2 ways that we have preferred to do it is a dividend policy that is consistent and that is well within our capability to maintain and the second is to do stock buybacks. Obviously, we are cognizant of what's going on or isn't going on in Washington, and therefore, we want to remain flexible in the next quarter. But I can tell you that our strong preference is the first 2 points.
William J. Brodsky: I think it's important to note that we weren't public at all on the savings that we thought we would realize through the reduction of force that we experienced in early September. What we -- you can look at it is our headcount, and it puts our headcount reduction -- after the reduction of force, we're back pretty much where we started a year ago or at the beginning of the year. And so we're experiencing some pressures, some upward pressures in headcount and other areas of the exchange. And so our reduction of force was -- holds us flat more than anything.
William J. Brodsky: Well, I don't know if I can tell you that because many of the funds that exist are from international banks, and they have clients all over the world. So we just see the assets under management per fund, but I don't think we have access to that -- the derivation of the -- where the money comes from.
William J. Brodsky: I think -- this is Bill Brodsky. My sense is that, there's clearly some impact of the Volcker Rule. We saw Goldman Sachs get rid of their proprietary trading operation, but then what happens is the people leave the firm, they set up their own shops. I think it is having less of an impact on our VIX product line than anything else because the VIX product line is so unique that we see new participants, I can tell you we've seen this even as recently as this week, firms that are very established in the business for years, are showing interest in VIX that they didn't show a year ago. So even if there may be some slippage because of the overhang of Dodd-Frank and the specter of Volcker coming in, the business constantly reinvents itself, and I believe that the VIX product line is something that has an enduring effect regardless of what I'll call the changes going on in the broader industry.
William J. Brodsky: Well, the longer-term plan is to do 2 things: one is to keep growing the core product, which is the VIX futures, which as we said earlier, has really become the proxy for global equity market volatility; and the other is to keep innovating and working with the community. The variance strips interestingly are really part of the Dodd-Frank issue, and that is there are -- there is a market out there that's OTC now that some people can participate and others don't really have access to it. And these are sophisticated products for very unique niche of the marketplace. We're working with the user community. We're working with DRW, which is a great firm here in Chicago. So these things are really part of the long-term strategy. These are sophisticated products. They take a lot of preparation to get them up and going, and then you need a lot of continuing education. So we have a whole variety of things. We have volatility on individual stocks, we have emerging market index, we have volatility on different commodity-related products. It's a whole host of things, and we have a new -- recently new head of our futures exchange that came out of the futures community, and he's literally got a global mandate to just promote that exchange.
William J. Brodsky: I'll respond to the first part, I'll ask Alan to respond to the taxes. We did a lot of discussions with customers in terms of how they want to use VIX. There's little doubt that if you're going to go out of this time zone that the logical place is London. The idea is to be closer to the electronic hub, which London provides. So our feeling was that if we're going to trade after hours, certainly from what we're seeing today and what we know of the marketplace, you want to be in London and that will facilitate better business than if we just try to do it through Chicago during the middle of our night. So I think it all fits together. And Alan can discuss the tax rate.
William J. Brodsky: Well, as you know the SEC had a public hearing in the last 10 days or so on the issue. I think that this is just an early fact-finding situation. They didn't even have a big option component. It's really focused on the equity markets in the U.S. But on any market structure issue that we believe will have an effect on the option business, we will be active participants, whether it's the SEC, whether it's Congress or even internationally.
Alan J. Dean: Roger, I'll add there's still time for all decisions before year-end, and we aren't ruling anything out.
Alan J. Dean: Yes. I think it might be important to add that something that we, I think, at least, suspected and knew before but was confirmed in our Risk Management Conference in Ireland, is that interest from overseas and markets that aren't -- you wouldn't think are tied to the S&P 500. They look at our VIX product as a surrogate for volatility in their markets. So I think there's a lot of growth opportunities outside of the U.S. in this S&P 500-based VIX product outside of our borders.
Alan J. Dean: Thank you, Howard. Well, there are a lot of factors that you brought up. The guidance that we changed on core expenses, what we did is we said we didn't think it would be at the lower end of the range, given weak volume because of increased expenses that we experienced in severance cost and legal cost. And that's really just how I see it going forward. And reducing expenses, controlling expenses going forward is a battle that never ends, and we look at employee costs on a continuous basis, contract programming, promotional expenses. There's a fairly routine and rigorous process that we go through when we're experiencing stress in volumes. So we've done that certainly this summer, and we will continue to do that as long as we think that volume is weak. Does that get it Howard? I'm not sure if that gets to the heart of your question.
Alan J. Dean: Our goal in VIP 2.0 is to optimize revenue. It could mean, although not necessarily, that RPC would drop in our multi-listed products. But the goal would be that our overall revenue would increase. So I wouldn't expect that we would do anything that wouldn't increase our overall revenue. Why do we think that a revised VIP program will be effective? Well, we don't do things in a vacuum, and we are careful about what we do. And so I think when we roll something out, we've got a pretty good idea, at least directionally, and I would say even more confident on how effective something would be. So while we haven't announced the specifics on VIP 2.0 that we'll roll out at the end of this year or at the beginning of next year, we think we're confident it would be effective, that it would optimize our revenue and be good for CBOE overall. I think I forgot one part of your question. You talked about loss of market share in October. Yes, we did experience that in October, and we had a competitor who had a -- their response to VIP 2.0 was to establish a program that was similar to ours, but then, through the ownership structure of the exchange, allowed them to provide benefits to their owner, order flow provider in a way that was best for them. So I think we can establish a program, modify our current program in a competitive way going forward.
Alan J. Dean: Alex, the policy, the way the board looks at our capital allocation hasn't changed. We first look to fund our business, after that, return capital to shareholders. They prefer regular sustainable dividends. And then after that, stock repurchases. There's tax situation going on now that could throw different variables onto the mix, and there's timing before any decisions have to be made. And we do have $160 million on the balance sheet. I only need, say, $40 million to $60 million, is what I've said in the past and I'm holding to that. That kind of a minimum level suits us just fine. So nothing has changed other than exogenous factors. And we'll -- with time, I think we'll make things clearer for you.
Alan J. Dean: No, no. We did change fees right at the beginning of 2012. And in a way that it -- we knew it would increase our revenue per contract. And I think we even talked about that in our first quarter earnings call. So that's what's driving the increase in the revenue per contract from last year to this year. So with that, this is the spot that we find ourselves today. We expect to go forward. It was a change in the day-trader program, and the extent at which our customers use that can vary slightly. But with the change that went into the beginning in the year, this is really the trend.
Alan J. Dean: Well, I haven't really commented about the tax rate for next year, although from what we're looking at right now, I don't know of any changes that would impact the range, the guidance that we're giving you for 2012. But as we roll into the next year, we'll revisit that issue again and give you more specific guidance when we talk about fourth quarter earnings in early February.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, $40 million to $60 million. I've been consistent in saying that. That minimum level of cash is fine by us. We have a system where that minimum level is more than adequate.
Alan J. Dean: Faye, on the tax rate, right now, the way we're seeing it is no material change to our tax rate because of this London pop, this London hub. But it's still under evaluation. This hub won't become operative until next year, and so there's a few more things we need to investigate. But my look right now is no material change.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, it's a great question. The way we look at SPX and SPXpm is it there's -- this is a complex of products, and we are agnostic in terms of where the growth comes from. And quite frankly, the growth in the last 12 months has come from the Weeklys, which we started off, as I said in my comments, as a pit-traded product and then we migrated that to the Hybrid. And then we brought out SPXpm on C2. We're constantly evaluating the whole situation. But I want to stress something that we've talked about in the past, and that is our SPX product, the core product, is a unique product in our industry because it's so institutional, it trades differently than a lot of other products. So anything we do in that area, number one, we keep our eye on the ball as we want to grow the whole pie. But second, we're not going to just do things just in a kind of reactive way because it sounds good. We have to be very careful that the SPX product is the preferred and the most liquid option contract in the world and used by institutions. And we just don't want to mess with it just because it sounds good to say, "Well, let's just make it electronic."
Alan J. Dean: I don't want to go that far. I just want to say that we're going to be very thoughtful about it because we -- the most important thing here is talking to your users. There are a lot of S&P 500 products out there. We have something that has the largest dollar value and open interest. And this is a jewel that we just don't want to just -- so it's not that it might never ever happen, it's more that we're just not going to do something because it has some intellectual appeal.
Alan J. Dean: Okay. Well, that was -- the increase in that line item is due to a disciplinary fine, so it's regulatory in nature. Those fines are inherently lumpy. So no, I would not take that $6.2 million number and annualize that. I would take a longer-term view of that revenue line item and look at it in that way.
Alan J. Dean: Well, legal expenses, as I said in my prepared remarks, are unpredictable many times and very dependent upon the litigation that we're going through at the time. So we're able to successfully and conclude 1 litigation in the quarter, and so that should help. But I want to drive down legal cost as much as I can, but we're not going to shortchange ourselves and do something that endangers the company. So I can't be specific on legal fees. But our goal is to hold overall core expenses at the rate of inflation, and we'll be more specific on that in conjunction with our fourth quarter earnings call early next year.
Alan J. Dean: No, Rich. The costs really aren't reflected in our results either for the quarter or year-to-date. And looking at the expenses going forward, they're not material. You won't even notice it.
Alan J. Dean: Faye, that question, I think, was asked before, so I may be redundant. I think we can come up with a change or modification to VIP that will be effective, that will increase our market share, respond -- be competitive and successfully respond to our competitor who did something during the quarter that caused us to lose market share. And I think what we will do will be to optimize our revenue, increase our overall revenue. And that's our goal, our primary goal, and that's what we intend to do, and so what I think we will do.
Edward L. Provost: Thanks for the question, Akhil, Yes, so in C2, we've evaluated the market model that we've had in place since inception, and consistent with some remarks we have made in the past, we have seen a shift away from some of the traditional maker-taker market models, which have been introduced in the business, including the maker-taker model at C2. So we are looking at and we've obviously filed and announced our shifting market model in our C2 exchange to a DPM-centric model. That aspect of the market model is similar to what we employ here at CBOE, where individual firms are appointed as DPM, which is a specialist-like function in each of the option classes. And we think that's consistent with the direction that the industry is going, more toward what we call the classic market model. Accompanying that will be some changes in our pricing model, but we're not public on that yet. So we feel very comfortable that these changes, when fully implemented, will make C2 much more successful going forward.
Edward L. Provost: So it'd be premature for me to comment on that yet. As Bill mentioned in his remarks, some of our slowdown in our introduction is tied to some of the events on the East Coast and some of the dialogue we've been having with our member firms will be involved in this program. So I'd just say stay tuned.
Edward L. Provost: And I think, Bill, that's perhaps the dampening effect that we might see today. I think the opportunity, is what we keep pointing at and aligning ourselves and being ready for is the rule-making around may and must move OTC trading to a [indiscernible] or exchange market. While there's still uncertainty there, all we have done and we'll continue to do is prepare ourselves for any outcome that pushes OTC volume to our markets. And we're seeing some of that early traction, but look forward to more clarity as rules are made and finalized.
Edward L. Provost: Patrick, Ed Provost. I think your last statement is probably the case, if you've got one exchange that seems to be the destination for those dividend trades continues to offer that fee cap, they'll probably continue. We, CBOE, have never been a destination for those trades. Our marketplace is much too liquid, and it's just impossible to get those kinds of trades up. As to an industry-wide initiative, that would have to be driven by the SEC. The exchanges all compete with each other. We can't talk to each other about our intentions with respect to fees, but we've never been proponents of dividend trades. And while never having had them done at our exchange to any great extent, it was in our fee schedule, and we chose to follow the lead, if you will, and eliminate that from our fee schedule. But the impact on us will not be significant because we never got them. If they were to be eliminated industry-wide as a result of someone else's action, our market share would actually go up because it actually reflects negatively on our market share.
