Kenneth Hill: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our Chairman and CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update on our strategic initiatives. Then Jill Griebenow, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer, will provide an overview of financial results for the quarter as well as discuss our 2023 financial outlook. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief Operating Officer; Dave Howson, our President; and our Chief Strategy Officer, John Deters. I'd like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. We will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold. And while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after this conference call. During the call this morning, we'll be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
Kenneth Hill: At this point, we'd be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get to everyone. Feel free to get back in the queue, and if time permits, we'll take a second question.
Kenneth Hill: Great. That completes our call for today. Thank you so much for your time and interest in the company, and have a great weekend everyone.
Edward Tilly: Thanks, Jill. As you can see, it has been a busy first half of the year, and I want to thank the entire Cboe team for their hard work in consistently delivering outstanding results. We head into the final half of the year on stronger footing than ever, and we look forward to continuing to execute on our growth opportunities ahead. I'll now pass it back to Ken for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Edward Tilly: Thanks Ben. Yeah. It's been pretty remarkable. And we can look at this from the institutional perspective or the customer perspective. We do see the continuation of retail who have -- primarily been introduced to this market in a time of pandemic, that was incredible growth. But now with the transition through education and the benefits of a sustained investment that allows for not being perfect. That means, adding Derivatives exposure to a portfolio either to hedge or to initiate a position with limited risk. So, we think and expect that continuation to move forward, and that's in both the multi-list area and our proprietary products. What we're most excited about, and I'll turn it over to Dave, is the change in margin treatment in our XSP contract, which we think is very retail friendly with a lot of benefits of the SPX, but with a much smaller wallet size built for retail. And then the institutional side, we continue to see growth in third Friday exposures. And for the SPX, that is the typical trade for institutions in the SPX. But interest being drawn into those very, very short-dated contracts like we see coming from retail platforms. So that change and exposure is underway, and we think that's going to continue in the quarters to come. We're going to keep you up to date on that because it's so exciting. But it really is a completely new exposure, and it's additive to what we've seen the growth over the years, and in particular, as I say, since the pandemic. But Dave, I think the real retail shift and what we're optimistic about is the adoption of and the change in margin treatment in XSP and what that allows for individual retail investors, including shorter-dated options.
Edward Tilly: So, Ben, a long answer to what we see coming at us. But I think the excitement that you hear from us is really the attention that the zero days to expiry have in the marketplace. And it really is the cash settlement around the buzz and the ease of trading in and out with cash settled options. And I'll remind you that not all retail platforms allow for cash settled contracts at this point. So, we're really keen to see those that still have not offered that to their customers, think Robinhood, offering that sometime next year. So, exciting that we think the breadth is increasing and certainly, we'll be there with education and all the tools to help those early movers.
Edward Tilly: No. Alex, it's a really good question. And we really stress the cash settlement for a reason. And from a retail platform perspective, think of the tail risk, the risk after expiring on physical settlement versus cash, that's the obstacle that other exchanges are trying to solve for. And really the roadblock to instantly offering zero day exposure in single name. At the end of the day, the assignment risk, that means they take physical delivery at the end of the day. I'm having a naked long position overnight and I'm subject to some gap risk the next day. Now, the alternative would be I can offer a zero day single name exposure, but require that to be closed out at the end of the day. What cash settlement allows for is you can take the position into close. And as Dave said, you settle in cash. There is no risk or exposure the next morning. That's a really, really big difference. And until the street figures out how to enter day margin and/or offset the risk going into expiring on physical, I just don't know how quickly those can come to market. Do I think it takes away from the end of the day? I don't. There are individual retail investors who look for exposure in single name stocks. We think that's a good thing. At the end of the day, the macro hedging or the broad market, the U.S. market exposure is best represented with the products at Cboe. So, no, if the entire environment is growing, we think that's good. We have a tool and exposure for all portfolios at any time of the day. And any growth in the industry is good growth in the industry.
Edward Tilly: That's really great. Let me take the first part of the question, and then I'll turn it over to Jill and to Dave. We've always gone and looked at the approach of growth in two ways, and nothing more positive, nothing more rewarding than answering the questions from customers on how we can standardize some exposure, some risk that they have in their portfolio, whether locally in the U.S. or globally. So, we start here in our labs with solutions for customers at all times. We announced today a dispersion contract as an example of continuing to look to the marketplace and offering solutions for investors with different exposures. So, we'll always do that. They are incredibly high margin. You look at the Tuesday, Thursday, rounding out a daily offering. There's not a whole lot of investment in that. It's really listening to customers and delivering to the market what customers are asking for. So that is always going to be an approach, and our labs are here to bring solutions to customers. As for M&A, we do always keep an eye out for the jurisdictions that are open for competition in major marketplaces, and you've seen us do that. We'll always have our eye out on what can be next and making sure that we're in scale, but there is nothing that we think we need to do at any given time, especially right now. But our eyes are wide open. And I think, Jill, just the flexibility and the way you see our capital use and the balance sheet at this point, what that allows us to do, and then the philosophy going forward.
Edward Tilly: Thanks Kyle. Yes. So, as you rightly pointed out, there's new venues coming to the multi-list options space in the coming months. And really what we look at there is, again, the balance between market share and market quality and revenue capture there, the RPC. And we see ourselves coming into this period with around about 27% market share, so a solid position there. The new entrants so far are looking at, as you mentioned, that price time maker/taker portion of the market, which today represents around about 20% of the overall market. And certainly, if the past is anything to go by, the pricing schedules there will be highly aggressive and really going for that lower margin type of business within that frame.
Edward Tilly: So, let's take these in reverse. So, Chris, maybe some comments on what we see and the process that you're aware of on the entire CAT exposure and build. And then, Jill, maybe you can come in on the cost and how we see that. It's not totally transparent. We'll say that up front. And then we'll get into the other two questions, Brian, if that's okay.
Edward Tilly: I think, David, if you could walk down the difference between a global product perhaps, and then the network effect and the data that comes off of these exchanges and how we've already tried to offer access to data and the differences in our data, and then, of course, the BITS network, which has its latest rollout expected in November. And we can talk a little bit about that. And then let me say up front, David, while you're getting your thoughts together, that what we recognize in the beauty of operating in different jurisdictions are liquidity providers are our biggest sources of global liquidity are in each and every one of the jurisdictions that we operate. So giving them through the technology migrations that Chris and the team have been rolling out, and again, we look to complete that in November in Japan, is a constant, repeatable expectation on how to view and to face Cboe and then global customers. So, in various stages of a global offering, and we can walk through a little bit, as I say, the data and access, but really from a liquidity provider, we want to be where they are, where their exposures are, and with global products, that's a little bit different. But go ahead, David.
Edward Tilly: Absolutely. A couple of channels I would speak about there. One is the Cboe Global Indices Feed themselves and then also the Cboe Global Indices Business. At the Feed, we began the exclusive distribution of Morningstar indices in this quarter and have seen some good enterprise sales there and see some good forward-looking pipeline there as well. And also, we've built out common APIs to allow us to onboard new data sets from new customers very, very quickly there. So, for low incremental lift, we can add to that distribution as a service for data providers and index providers alike. In terms of the indices where we see great traction is really in the derivative overlay benchmarks. And this is an area where we see beautiful flywheel effects. The derivative overlay indices forming those defined outcome products, which you see are really coming strongly to market in the United States and now globally. So, that's where the flywheel comes in, the ability for us to calculate these indices and then list the products that are benchmarked against those indices and then enjoy trading revenues and market data revenues off the back of that. So, I would really point to that defined outcome space, in particular for the derivative overlay benchmarks. And indeed, this quarter, we also began to calculate our own indices for our European index platform.
David Howson: Absolutely. And it's been really encouraging to hear from our customers on calls like these about the increased projections for engagement in the options market in general. And here at Cboe, we've got a whole toolkit of products that we see as complementary to each other that might either be used together or in isolation to manage risk and hedge exposure throughout any market environment. And as part of that toolkit, we see the XSP product, and a little reminder on what it is for those of you out there. The XSP product is a one-tenth-size SPX contract. It's very much the cash settled index options contract for the SPY user. You can deploy all of the strategies that you employ in SPX, also in XSP. And XSP has three defining categories, and that's the fourth kicker that Ed just mentioned. The first of those is that the XSP contract is a cash settled broad-based index contract. So, you don't have a chance of being physically delivered or needing to physically deliver the underlying. At the end of day, at the expiry, you move cash. The second point is that it's European exercise. There's no opportunity to be exercised or assigned early before expiring. And the third point there is the potential for beneficial tax treatment, that potential for 60/40 long-term, short-term capital gains treatment. And then we come to the evolution that we're looking at as we eagerly await the final regulatory approvals required to really access -- XSP to access that ability for cash settled index options written XSP, written against ETFs, read SPY, that track the same underlying option. And so, there you can see the opportunity for margin offsets for hedging. For example, when you override a long SPY position with a short XSP position, you can get that margin treatment there. So, what we expect from that is a good deal of increased activity there and certainly encouraging for us to hear that retail brokerage platforms are looking to onboard cash settled index options in the future.
David Howson: Hi, Ken. Dave Howson here. Absolutely, obviously, a subject matter for the news headlines there recently. And as you may know, we've put forward applications for a spot Bitcoin ETF on behalf of five issuers so far. We have a number of surveillance and SSAs and surveillance sharing agreements in place with a number of trading platforms. And should these get approved, we think this is a good progress for the broader industry and investors alike who want to gain exposure to this asset class in familiar and regulated wrappers. So, this would be clearly a good thing for the industry. And overall, for the underlying digital crypto market in general, the market makers involved in those ETFs and in the create redeem process are going to need somewhere to hedge that potential exposure. They'll look to a spot and futures market in order to do that. And in this quarter, we were very pleased to receive our approval for margin futures from the CFTC. And we're working together with our customers at SCM to build out and looking to launch that for the end of the year. So, probably there, Ken, we think it's good for investors, good for the industry, and also good for regulated platforms such as Cboe Digital that have the regulated exchange, clearinghouse, and ability to spot and margin cash and physically settled futures all on one platform, which is unique within the United States.
David Howson: Thanks Michael. It's Dave Howson here. We -- during the quarter, actually more philosophically, we look at both our transaction businesses and our Data and Access Solutions businesses a little bit differently. On the transaction side, we continuously review our pricing to make sure we maintain a competitive stance and to ensure that we're reflecting the value of our offerings and also looking for where perhaps over time maybe the usage patterns of our products and some of the price schedules there has changed over time and requires changing. Also, we use it to try and encourage a greater diversity of flows. You saw that certainly through the second quarter. More broadly on the transaction businesses, if you look at multi-list options or U.S. equities, we constantly look to optimize for market share, market quality, revenue capture, and overall maximizing revenues across the franchise there. And then when we come to Data and Access Solutions, we had a 67 -- 77% came from new users and -- one second -- about 75% from new units, subscribers there. And on the pricing point, we generally look to see periodically where perhaps we've had our prices remain consistent for a while and look to review those to make sure that they remain competitive, but also remain in line with the general movement through time there. And so going forward as we look at the DnA group, we think there will be about a third of the growth there coming from pricing changes.
David Howson: Absolutely. Thanks for the question, Andrew. Yeah. We're not going to be going for the big blue-chip listings that NASDAQ and NYSE have there. They're cool, but that's absolutely what we're not doing. What are we doing? We're using the existing infrastructure that we've built up over inorganic and organic initiatives over the years. We're using that footprint across five exchanges with the regulatory environment, the people, the processes, and the capabilities around the world there. And we're using and we're leveraging off the back of our existing ETP listings business. That is an ETP listings business which puts us at number two today in the United States. So, what are we doing in the corporate end of the spectrum as we marginally -- through marginal incremental investment there, we're able to leverage our platform, and that's across the trading, the market data, the indexing, our derivatives expertise to really engage with customers and issuers from a niche underserved portion of the market in that $50 million to $500 million market cap range. And these companies we're terming are the purpose-driven innovation companies. These are companies driven by technology, driven by research, and driven by the key drivers of the new world and the new economy that we see before us. And that includes companies like Cleantech, FinTech, Critical Minerals. And in particular if you take the example of Critical Minerals, we've got issuers in Australia who are interested in those investors who have appetite and interest in Critical Minerals companies in Canada. So that's a great opportunity for us to be able to give access to that global capital to those companies interested in global investors in partnership with our global liquidity providers and legal capabilities and common technology platform. So, really enabling us to, once again, use that global securities network we've built out to build with an unrivaled growth trajectory.
David Howson: Yeah. Absolutely. And it is early stages for us as well, as Ed mentioned there, with the ending replatforming of the Japanese exchange in November there. What we get from that, starting from not necessarily a tradable product, but as Ed said, a uniformity in interaction point of view, is that uniformity of the trading system, that familiarity with how the systems work, and the ability to be able to ingest data in a common format for our customers around the world. So, what does that mean? That means a low incremental effort for our customers to deliver new capabilities to their own customers. I'll give you a couple of examples, thinking about periodic auctions moving from Europe in equities to the USA in equities. Now the whole toolkit of the equities functionality we've got is now going to be available in Australia. It will be available in Japan in November. And with that comes the data and analytics capability that we can bring, and then bring that incremental value to our customers. And as Ed mentioned, part of that network build out is the BIDS network. Great traction, early traction from BIDS Australia, with the addition of the buy-side interaction coming in September of this year, and BIDS will also be part of that November migration in Japan. So then the 26 markets around the world are from that network, pushing out data. That raw data can be delivered in multiple forms to customers, either as a service or of the cloud. We saw 75% of our incremental revenue in cloud coming internationally from outside the United States, so great utility being seen there. And then from that data we can create proprietary data sets. We launched a short volume -- equity volume report this quarter, which gained really rapid early traction on the back of that open and closed data that we saw for the SPX there. So, as we see that network build out, we can really see the capability to bring functionality across the globe on the basis of that uniform platform. And then when you think about us moving up the value ladder, we can then think about tradable products, which are of interest globally. But already, actually, we've got our tradable products from our toolkit available on a 24 5 basis to customers around the world to trade during their trading hours.
David Howson: Yeah. Thanks Chris. We mentioned it in an earlier answer there that we made some changes in the early part of this quarter. We expect about one-third of incremental growth across DnA to come from pricing increases.
David Howson: There were always a portion of pricing increase there. It's a slight increase potentially there to the proportions, but it's not really a change in philosophy or approach.
Jill Griebenow: You bet. Thank you for the question. And -- I mean, I'll say just as I step into the new role looking back at the things that we're doing very well is we've done a really good job, investing behind opportunities where we see high returns. Definitely want to continue to do that. Also do, though, want to be diligent as we manage the core expense growth going forward. I think the last two years have obviously seen a noticeable uptick as we did work to lay that foundation, integrate acquisitions, really build a nice scale. But going forward, really want to focus on the productivity of the expanded global team that we have set forward.
Jill Griebenow: You bet. So, just from a capital allocation perspective, our strategy will remain consistent. The various levers or belts that we have to inform that, obviously, is investment in our business. That can either be organic, inorganic. We also have over time really grown the steady dividend rate. We'd expect that as well going forward. And then finally, share repurchases are a tool that we've utilized as well. And going back to the inorganic growth, we have, for certain acquisitions, basically financed those. As you saw during the second quarter, really did start to delever on the term loan that matures in December of this year. So, do have the leverage rate down to a very comfortable 1.4 times there. And again, just really wouldn't see any noticeable changes to the capital allocation approach. It's really a balance of those factors over time depending upon what the environment is.
Jill Griebenow: Yeah. Just from a cost perspective, what we've included in our forward-looking estimates indicate our best expectation at this time. They do fluctuate, and we'll look to continue to refine those in the future as we get more information.
