Fred Tomczyk: In closing, we are pleased to report another strong quarter delivering 21% growth in earnings per share year-over-year. That caps a strong first half with 8% net revenue growth and 17% earnings per share growth year-over-year, as we have continued with strong revenue growth, brought down our expense growth and stabilized our EBITDA margins. We allocated our resources to invest in technology and organic growth initiatives and allocated our capital away from M&A towards strengthening our balance sheet and returning capital to our shareholders. For the first half of 2024, we have returned 65% of our adjusted earnings to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. Our balance sheet is strong, and we're well positioned to continue to return capital to shareholders and take advantage of opportunities as they arise.
Fred Tomczyk: And I just think we're seeing increased volatility in July, whether it's what's going on the political side in the U.S. with the election coming up, or whether it's geopolitical or the rotation from AI and into other asset sectors to small cap sector. So, there's a lot going on in the market right now, and that's helping in July.
Fred Tomczyk: Look, Kyle, I'm not going to talk about anything we're looking at right now, if that's your question. However, having said that, I think building up some cash and having flexibility is always a good thing to have to deploy on opportunity, because you never know what tomorrow is going to bring here. Like I've always said, I did not say there will be no M&A, I've always said it'll be more selective, it'll be more significant M&A. What we've learned for the last three years is a lot of that small M&A causes -- it causes a lot of work, immigration work, particularly in our technology area, which is an important part of our business. So, if we're going to do M&A going forward, and that will continue to be one of our options and things we look at, it'll be more significant and much more targeted and in line with our strategy.
Fred Tomczyk: Well, thanks for joining us today, everyone. As we've said, we've had a strong quarter, we've had a strong first half, we've got lots of initiatives on the go here that we feel good about, and with the environment that we're entering here over the balance of the year, we've had a good start to the third quarter with July's trading results. As we look through the US election, geopolitical events and rotations between different parts of the market as events unfold, even as much as today, we feel pretty good about the rest of the year. The balance sheet is strong. We've got a good cash position, good EBITDA margins, so we feel very good about where we are. And we're in a good position to take advantage of opportunities we see in the market. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Dave Howson: Absolutely. Good morning, Dan. Thanks for the question. As we look at the first half of the year, so far, we're coming up around about 7% growth year-to-date. And the reasoning for the Q2 softer results there is a lot down to timing. Timing plays a big factor in the Data and Access Solutions business in general. We saw a different timing to some of the enterprise sales and we're seeing some longer sales cycles for some of our product services and offerings. We also saw a difference in timing, some of the cash collection timings during the quarter. And then, of course, as we mentioned on the call, there was a backfill, a large backfill in Q2 of 2023, which calls for harder comparisons. And then, the other factor this year has been a little bit of the larger customer consolidation that we saw take place having a small impact on the revenues there. And so, timing throughout, as we look forward, will also play its part. And the confidence we have in hitting that lower portion of the 7% to 10% guide comes from three or four key areas. And that's new sales, it's new products, it's pricing and it's the new technology efforts that we've really been able to focus on this year as a result of finishing off those technology migrations in Asia Pacific throughout last year. So, the full force almost of the technology team really coming back to focus on our core, focus on what Cboe is best at. So, I'll go through those sections and I'll also pass on to Chris to talk a little bit more about that technology investment that we see, giving us some durability throughout this year and into next year. So, those new sales, we doubled the amount of ACV sales in Q2 versus Q1, and we'll see the benefit of those sales coming through throughout the rest of the year. And we were really pleased to see the continuation of sales of Data and Access Solutions internationally with 40% of that growth coming from outside of the US. And when you think about the macro uncertainty for the rest of the year, we certainly see more demand for access and capacity and for data as we go throughout time here. New products, some packaging and bundling there of our new index channels and services that we see going forward. Of course, we were pleased to see the sale of our Cboe One data up there in Canada. Pricing changes will also play their part. As you know, we aim to have high-value cost-effective data feed, but we will perform price and price comparisons and review where we think we're undervalued. And then, when we come to technology, those system enhancements we've been able to book through for the equities markets that access layer improvements really important for this year and rolling out into Europe and the rest of the world into 2025. And that new technology effort really allowing us to produce new data insights, insights into the activity on our platforms, which provide value for customers that they're willing to pay for.
Dave Howson: Thanks very much for those questions. As we think about international expansion, the secular trends we mentioned in the prepared remarks are really important to consider that increase in assets benchmarked against the US capital market with the S&P 500 Index options complex, and all of the volatility talk that we put around that, Cboe really is the home to really manage that equity volatility risk for global participants. So, then that creates an appeal for both those institutional and those retail customers with three retail brokers coming on board this year, we can see a good runway for those efforts. Operating globally gives us the ability to talk to our customers globally about what they need and how they need to access our market. So, the runway for us, we feel is quite long. One of the markets we do use, but it's not the metric to use is the percentage of trading of SPX in Global trading house. That's around about 2% or 3% at this portion in time. But it's important to say that as we bring on those customers, they do trade a lot, of course, in the regular trading hours where the bulk of the trading activity takes place at this point in time. As you mentioned the competitive differentiator there, for us, that global complex of equity volatility at risk to be able to manage -- be able to manage that there. The toolkit that we expand when we think about our product development pipeline, really excited about VIX futures, variance futures coming on board later this year and VIX options on futures, which is an interesting one to mention because that is a futures product. VIX options on futures allows volatility as an asset class really now to be accessed by customers that cannot trade in the US security based options environment. So, that's interesting to institutional players around the globe. So, really, as we broaden out our product set, it becomes interesting to institutional players and that draw for retail players really continues throughout time. So, our focus will be sales footprint in the region, marketing, marketing and brand and focusing on how we can get our data closer to our customers internationally. And you see that coming through there with our 40% of data and access sales happening outside of the United States.
Dave Howson: So, really you hit it right at the end, the mix shift is the driver for the RPC changes there. We haven't made any pricing changes to affect anything. It's really about the mix of the products and that brings us back to talking about the beauty of the volatility toolkit we've got at Cboe with the SPX options and VIX options, and the -- as well as on future sides, the VIX futures providing a great suite of utility. For example, there we saw the rotation into small caps, this quarter, we saw a RUT, hit in record days and there, of course, a different capture for RUT versus SPX as well. So, we see that the mix shift as the ebb and flow of the toolkit as our customers use VIX or the SPX differently throughout time. So, nothing particularly to signal for the forward look there.
Dave Howson: Great. I'll potentially go in reverse. Alex, the spend as we look at sales and marketing growth there is really, I would call, incremental on top of that existing global footprint. You did of course see general expenses increase in the last few years, which we've really been focused on bringing down and focusing on margin. That expense allowed us to put in place the footprint that we now gain the benefit of that scaled infrastructure, really important for us to be able to leapfrog off as we think about increased sales and marketing here. So, the sales will be in terms of headcount, not 100 people, but really being able to cover that vast area. We say Asia Pacific, but it's a region of countries. And when we think about countries, in Asia Pacific, of course, we start from where we already are, which is Australia and Japan, but also opportunities we see in South Korea, in Taiwan and elsewhere, Singapore in the region to really have hubs of really focused activity. The three onboards this year were in the retail brokerage space and we do see increases in institutional access as we go through. As we've spoken on previous calls, we can't always see the origin of the orderer and the end user, but in our conversations around the world with customers, we do look to help break-down access barriers and those access barriers include a pathway to a securities options market in the US and it includes jurisdictional regulatory approvals for us to be able to market in country. And those are the things that we really focus on a country-by-country basis. So, which is why just to reinforce the point from before, having a VIX options on futures capability that we will eventually roll out on a 24/5 basis becomes very interesting to that institutional client base around the world.
Dave Howson: The short answer is think about it more as a Phase 2. There's a number of regulatory and structural and infrastructure-based obstacles we need to knock down, but we're really looking forward to working on those with our customers and the regulators to be able to bring ETF options on crypto ETFs to the marketplace. We're really pleased to offer listings, the five ETF listings on ETFs -- Ethereum listings that we brought to market recently, as well as the six Bitcoin ETFs we've already got on the platform. The Robinhood launch at the end of this year is really focused on index options and cash settled index options, which we think will be a really great new product set to access those 24 million funded accounts, in particular when you consider Robinhood's focus on the active retail trailing customer base. The characteristics of the cash settled index options really will appeal to that customer base, and we're super excited about that, and we'll be looking to lean into that with joint marketing and educational efforts with our Options Institute and in conjunction with Robinhood throughout the rest of this year.
Dave Howson: Thanks very much for the question. Yeah, certainly saw pickups into July with a number of records across the volatility toolkit coming through there. The makeshift is really in the usage of the products. There's no specific client shift that we've seen in July in its own right, but what it is worth saying is that the engagement from our existing customers and the inbounds from new customers is what really gives us excitement for the rest of the year. A couple of examples there we see with that two years' worth of data that you mentioned, an increase in the number of QIS desks looking to put out products and strategies there. We see a continuation of liquidity providers using 0DTE SBX options to hedge their positions, which is a really interesting development we've mentioned at times in the past. And then, you think about the new liquidity providers, major liquidity providers that are coming to us from other asset classes, whether it be futures or equities, really looking to get involved in the complex there. And then, with the makeshift with retail brokerages coming through, really, really exciting. And then towards the end of this year, as we just discussed, the addition of Robinhood as a customer is particularly exciting.
Dave Howson: Thanks, Owen. Yeah, this really is the story of the volatility toolkit. We're seeing investors gravitate towards that toolkit to be able to manage risk, both the upside as well as the downside. VIX options, particularly we've been talking about this for a little while, is that the lower VIX, the historically low VIX in general that we've seen for most parts of this year, when we see that volatility spike, such as we did yesterday, it's going over $19, or in during April we saw it pop to $19 around those volatility events that occurred, we see customers then monetizing or rolling those VIX call options or those VIX call spreads they got on place. And then we see the resetting and rolling of those as we go through time, looking to prepare for those tail risks that may well occur, particularly when you think about the macro environment. We've got geopolitical risks, we've got elections, which are historically a really big catalyst of volatility, and those daily economic data, whether it be CPIs, central bank rate decisions, or earnings calls. So, when we think about VIX options and VIX futures, when you see a spike in VIX, we see really large VIX futures days. Yesterday, we saw over 400,000 VIX futures contracts trade, the volatility popped over to $19.5 yesterday. SBX options always continue to play their part, whether it's at the shorter end of the curve, or managing that longer-term exposure in and through and beyond the elections there. So, the utility of each product, using conjunction as well as in isolation, is really what we see developing over time. And then, our job is to continue to innovate products around that. And so, when you think about the differences between implied and realized volatility, variance step forward, variance futures, on-exchange, transparent, capitally efficient for a trading strategy, which has recently become very hard to achieve OTC because of the unclear margin rules. So, bringing that on exchange, an exciting development there, along with those VIX options on futures, all before the US election. So, really interesting setup for the rest of the year.
Dave Howson: Thanks, Stephanie. Cboe Global Cloud has been a really interesting addition for us over the last couple of years. With nearly 80% of customers and revenue coming from outside the US, it's really part of that theme of putting data closer to our customers. In fact, putting data closer to more potential customers, and it forms a key part of our global expansion plans, as well as the diversification of revenue streams. The ability for us to have a one-stop shop for historical data, for package and bundled data insights, as well as data feed is really tremendously powerful. We don't break out the contribution of Cboe Global Cloud from the rest, but in terms of a strategic priority for us, it's certainly well up there. And I'll pass on to Chris to give some more.
Dave Howson: Thanks, Alex. So, the VIX options on futures build capability to have that convexity for a broader set of customers, as we say, customers that cannot today access US security-based options. It's that new customer base that we're excited about. And with any new customer base, that's going to take time to seed and build. So, we're excited about the product, we're excited about when we expand that to 24/5. And also, the key point here is that we can extend the tenants to a shorter-dated tenants with this product as well. So, think about that general desire and the secular trend towards the shorter end of the curve, we can begin to access that with this product. So, those two are the key drivers for our level of excitement around this product is the new customer range internationally and within the US that can't access US security-based options and the ability to go to the shorter end of the curve. So that's a really interesting pathway for us.
Dave Howson: Thanks very much, Ken. It's worth saying, as we have from the start, that this is really Cboe taking a long view, a long view to the ability to grow the markets in Europe and bring the utility of options, that secular growth that we've seen in the US, we see that being really of great utility to the European economy, European retail investor and the European institutions, if we can bring that US-style market structure. So, exporting our capabilities and our know-how to bring that market structure of a US on-exchange and on-screen market in a capital-efficient manner to customers. The milestones we've hit since we've launched are really also worth pointing out. We think we're at the point of having a minimum viable product now, and that's really marked by the milestone of rolling out single-stock options. That then complements the index futures and options that we've had, and then the milestones this year, which are really interesting, showing that global major customers are aligned with that view. That includes Interactive Brokers, who came on board this quarter, as well as IMC, another anchor tenant liquidity provider. We talked about on the call the liquidity provision program, we've seen the market quality improve in futures and in index options. And then also, when we think about the ADV there, we did about 850 contracts a day in June coming into July, that's holding steady. Our goal forward is to focus on education with the Options Institute. And I guess the last point I would make on this is that this is all built on top of a scaled infrastructure in Europe. And so, it's an incremental investment, it's not making us sweat too much, so we can have patience as we build on that scaled infrastructure, and those key anchor tenants coming on board, sharing that vision with us, really gives us the confidence to continue the course.
Chris Isaacson: Great. And Dan, I'll dive down a little bit further on the technology improvement. So, we've been making some pretty substantial investments in leading-edge technology that are just starting to come to the market and bear fruit. As Dave mentioned, we've got even greater focus on organic efforts now that the migrations are largely done except for Canada that remains and will complete in the first quarter of next year. And these technology improvements are improving access data and insights. On the access side in US equities, we just completed dedicated cores across all four equity markets. That was finished on July 1st, so in the second half, we'll see the full benefit of that. And then in options, we are also in the second half, we plan to roll-out improvements in all access data and improvements -- a new access architecture for one of our four markets and then we hope to roll it to others in subsequent quarters. We're improving market data. In fact, we just made a rollout here at the end of July with improved market data, and then some new services to provide greater insights for our customers and their trading activity and how they can optimize their behavior. And finally, I'll mention as we enter this election season, and we're actually fully in the election season, uncertainties will continue both from elections and geopolitical issues. The demand for access and capacity is only anticipated to grow, and we're going to continue to invest to provide greater access for our customers as that demand grows.
Chris Isaacson: And Ben, I just might add a couple of points there. It's on VIX options we're seeing, we're on record for a record pace for the entire year as people see the utility of using our entire volatility suite. And then, the rotation into small caps a bit. We just saw a record in July, I think our second best month ever, best since 2018 in RUT options. So, we see some customer behavior there as they rotate and adjust to market conditions.
Chris Isaacson: Yeah, Stephanie, as Dave said, it's really important for us to get our data and access closer to customers where they can use our products, data and insights. So, we're very committed to this. We think we're still in the very early innings of this. As Dave mentioned, most of the growth of Cboe Global Cloud has come outside of the US. And maybe to Alex's earlier question, we're still very early innings in our global presence. We're a relatively young global company, having just expanded globally in the last two or three years. So, part of the secular trend, we think -- as far as that import opportunity that's been mentioned in the script, is that as we get our data closer to customers, they're going to get that data in and then be able to import their trading traffic into the US as they better understand our data. So, look for us to continue to make investments in Cboe Global Cloud and get our data and products closer to those customers.
