Ed Tilly: Well, Rich, I think you've nailed it from our perspective, and I appreciate the way you framed that, because it's the way the entire organization looks at the index complex. So I'll borrow on a few of the words that were in the prepared statement. But really, if you look past the incredible records of the first quarter and look at April, you're right on the way we view the complex in the shift in products -- product and its utility. So, if we figure last year we averaged 2.2 million to 2.3 million contracts in that complex, that's where April is. The difference is really to your point in the shift. So what causes that? VIX products and their utility are great hedging tools early in the change of perceived risk. The vol spikes, so think January where the market peaks, two weeks later the market is down 10%. That is an incredibly powerful vehicle using VIX products to hedge in that case. The market then heats up, and that's the market that we're in today vol service is flat, which means we still think we're in transition. The market hasn't said what it perceives risk over time yet. That's that flat volatility surface. Well, what suffers? VIX Futures. It's hard to express a difference or said differently, it's hard to capture the difference in the price of future risk versus today's risk because the market has said, "We don't see a big difference now." That's very, very unusual, but what's happened in the meantime, yesterday, no better example of how traders have shifted in the S&P 500 complex. From the prepared remarks you'll recall we said the S&P 500, those intraday moves, 3x greater than we saw in the fourth quarter 2017. So, by using the S&P 500 as your hedging vehicle, those intraday moves like yesterday allow you to take advantage of a move that's really unusual if you look out over time and monetize the hedges that you're putting on by using the S&P 500 instead of VIX Futures. Now, that scenario of flat volatility doesn't last long historically. It's unusual in this instance, but we believe history is what we look back to and we'll go to a normal upward sloping curve in vol, which then reignites the volatility strategies that allow you to trade up and down the volatility surface. The punch line is that we have a product that serves our users in any market environment if you can interchangeably understand the utility of VIX futures, VIX options and the SPX complex. That's the way we see it.
Ed Tilly: Sure. Well, we'll leave manipulation to the prepared comments that we made in the past. We are sure and certain that both our regulatory department, the first line of defense here on any market activity, and then ultimately, obviously, in cooperation with the regulators, that is a pass and that is -- precedes, I think, each and every day. And it's not just in the VIX complex, it's in everything that we trade across all of our exchanges. So if we put that aside and address specifically, I think, what you're asking our question is and recognize that each and every day, VIX trades throughout the day almost 24 hours a day, VIX futures and that there is this moment in time that we're always and constantly looking at how do we make better this settlement moment. If we could focus on that, I think it's exactly what Chris would like to tee up for you this morning. But again, I want to stress, let's concentrate on that settlement. The intraday trade and the measure of volatility and the perceived risk in the market, this measure is working beautifully throughout the day and almost around the clock. So let's focus if you like right at the moment of time of settlement.
Ed Tilly: Yes, I think the other potential is the amount of new eyeballs on a one-year VIX contract in the current index form. It will be interesting as we work through what it takes to make that a tradable contract in the future. What interest we will see as a result for a new user base who is more interested in longer dated vol. So, in the preparatory remarks we pulled out insurance companies and pension funds. So, I think there is -- I would think there is more to come that short dated vol exposure is not as interesting to that group as longer dated vol is. So, I think there's -- I am hopeful that there is more interest as more eyes are looking at that one-year vol number.
Ed Tilly: So first the trade that we said is, is really facing the greatest amount of headwinds is capturing the difference over time in the vol surface. So you've nailed it. So if we are used to in 2017 looking at vol over time starting at 10 or 11 in the front month and moving up to 18 six or nine months out. That's a huge spread and that was a very very big trade. But to your point, a day like yesterday, we traded over 300,000 VIX futures contracts that day trader is still very very active. There is still movement around in that front month of vol. If you look at move yesterday when you move 35 points in S&P500, there are still a great number of trading opportunities. And we see those day traders still in the market. I talked to one of most active traders a couple of days ago and I said, what are you doing differently? He said, well, I am learning some different strategies that I couldn't employ last year with a steep curve and I am trading differently today. And market is still in adjustment mode or flat. We don't expect that to proceed for a long period time, it just will not last. We expect more historical shape to the curves. We think those strategies will come back. What is also relatively inexpensive is maintaining a constant position in volatility when the surface is flat. It was expensive in 2017 to maintain a constant exposure with VIX futures because of the roll down cost. You would be replacing front month 11 vol for example with a couple months out at 14 or 15 vol. That's an expensive roll down cost. Today, you are replacing 17 vol contracts with a 17.2 vol contracts, so relatively inexpensive to maintain constant exposure of volatility. So just again it's the utilization. It's different use case. All good, we think with more users coming back when the surface changes -- back to Chris' point and he'll pick up on those new users, there is more users ready when we get to a normal stay.
Ed Tilly: I think yesterday, Chris has a really good view into unusually wild day in the market as far as a move from open to close and being able to satisfy a roughly $1.6 million contracts and four day platform from a market makes perspective, so good view into busy day, yesterday.
Ed Tilly: Sure. Just to be clear, the FCCs focus was on the consolidated step fee change that was filed earlier in the year. So it's all of the S rows [ph] that participate in the SIP, and that filing was -- if filing needs to be re-filed with clarity around rationale for the pricing. So it doesn't mean that pricing can't be changed; it just means the filing has to be enhanced that is made before the FCC. So it's still early in the process and the exchanges are working with the FCC on the SIP finally. Hopefully that answers your question.
Ed Tilly: Yes, I think Chris can speak to the direct feedback from the customers and whether or not they see a concern from the media. My comments and views from the customer are that we're trading day in and day out because this is the vehicle we used to hedge vol exposure. And we do it 24-hours a day. That's the first inbound I received. As far as communicating with our customers that is, from our perspective, proactive. That we want to tell our story every chance we get. We've done that with all of you when we think there's something to tell you that doesn't fit a normal cycle. So proactive communication and transparency is really what we've always been about. So I would expect you should see us doing that at any occasion when we think there's something to be told. As for Chris, the feedback you're getting on the liquidity and trading in and around that settlement, I think you should share your views as well.
Ed Tilly: Kyle, I think you should expect us also as the press is trying to understand this, this isn't easy stuff. So the misperceptions on how these processes work, we're going to be helping all along. And we think that's part of our responsibility is to continue to educate. And if we can do that with the press we're going to do it. So expect us to be engaged and trying to straighten out those misperceptions regardless of the event, the day, or the market environment, that's just what we do.
Ed Tilly: Debbie, can I give that forward-looking. Chris is going to take this one, I have attorneys around me.
Ed Tilly: I would say though, in the past, we have said looking into the migration that we did not fit a global standard from a futures traders' perspective, so there were pros that weren't going to write to our old platform. We did point out that big, big trades, the most meaningful ones were really customers of ours, but there was the next layer and the layer below those that just did not find our convention -- our quoting methods meeting their global expectation. So we knew there was a queue that should be coming as far as new users. But again the big players we've had here.
Ed Tilly: Sure. On the SEC front, probably not much change from my perspective. Over the last couple of years the SEC has been very diligent around any market data filing. Certainly we've spent a lot of time on our -- on what was originally batch one and it is now Cboe 1 working through that original filing and adding a lot more detail in the filing than traditionally in the past. So this is probably the last couple of years we've seen a great deal of focus on all market data filings, both the proprietary exchange-level market data filings, as well as SIP-related filings. With regard to the SIP pricing, the goal of that pricing was to be revenue neutral. When you declare something revenue neutral you obviously have to spend a lot of time explaining how it is actually revenue neutral. So I think a lot of the requirements that the SEC are putting on market data filings have been going on for a couple of years. And I don't see this as any different really to enhance the description of the filing, and really talk about what the impact of those pricing changes would be.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Well, most importantly on February 25, so post February 5, we migrated the futures platform for CFE. And that was a -- what I call, "Wildly successful migration," not only because it was perfectly executed but it enhanced the liquidity pool of our platform. And since that migration, we have been monitoring closely our user traffic, both in terms of the number of market participants and market makers joining the platform post migration as well as the as you mentioned the user account level. We are now -- we've grown since migration to somewhere just over 6000 active user accounts at the customer level. The majority of that growth ironically is in active and VIX contracts. While we have a very successful launch of Bitcoin future, we have seen some growth in the Bitcoin -- active accounts in Bitcoin, but the majority of the growth since the migration has been in VIX user account. So, we are pretty excited about that. More importantly, the performance of that platform since the migration, we have seen our displayed liquidity has obviously increased during both regular and overnight trading hours. That's important when you think about Asia trading in the VIX complex. It has actually doubled since the migration. That's an impressive stat. The spread has narrowed to our fix spread in -- in VIX in particular the spread has narrowed down to the actual nickel increment that we have minimum spreads on. So, really in some wildly successful migration, we are very positive about the active user accounts since that migration on February 25. And we like the performance of our market makers since that migration.
Chris Concannon: Thanks, Ed. And with respect to users let's be clear, we grew our user base since the migration. That's something we were looking for and we are excited about over 6000. We didn't grow by 6000. I just want to make sure we are clear. But what that base gives us and you really can't convert users to a formula of new contracts. It's actually it's very positive post-migration. It's a very positive statistic. But, I look at yesterday where we traded over 300,000 VIX contracts in our complex. What those users really reflect we are primed for the environment that Ed is talking about when the curve started to shift, so having those user base is there, those users create the 300,000 day trade in the complex. So can't drill the formula from the number of users, anyone user can be a dramatic user of VIX and we've seen some accounts have exceptional volume in the VIX complex. So it's hard to draw any formulas from new users to total volume.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Great question and as you mentioned it's just been a week but it's been a very successful week, just some stats on the migration to the hybrid system. Spreads in SPX and again this is one week of data but spreads in SPX have tightened by 50%. That's an impressive stat. Display size has increased by approximately 90%. So that allows the external all automated electronic execution in the SPX to see a greater size that is available on the screen. The electronic versus open continues to maintain about the same level pre-migration but we would expect there to be some time before that starts to shift upwards towards the electronic side. Most importantly what we have seen and we structured this very carefully to make sure that the spread was going to narrow but not impact the open outcry liquidity, so we continue to see large trades being satisfied in the open outcry pit to stop solve for very complex positions and again it's critical that they are able to get those trades off in what is already a narrow SPX spread. So, very successful migration it's only been a week as you mentioned but the stats are pretty impressive for we.
Chris Concannon: Yes, one of the -- obviously quickly issued the letter proactively because we wanted complete transparency around what our visual into that event was. And we wanted to share that with our trading community. More importantly the inbound has been from many clients, how do I trade with that imbalance. They see that as a trading opportunity, and the inbound has been consistently from both market markers and end users are very interested in trading with those imbalances that they actually miss that morning, so very positive from the trading community. Remember, not all of our end-user clients trade in to the settlement. Many of our clients are rolling their contracts into the following month. So they don't experience the settlement, they are rolling their positions on a regular basis. But, look, we wanted to be clear that we were disappointed with the 18th, and we saw it as a liquidity challenge and nothing more. And we're out now trying to enhance that liquidity as I spelled out earlier in the call.
Chris Concannon: Right. So, look, I said it earlier, when you do these migrations it's critical to look at the users that come back after the migration. And obviously we had the events of February 5th before the migration, so we were able to see the users that came back after February 5th along with coming back after the migration. Both are market-maker participation and our client participation was up post migration. So those are all phenomenal statistics when you're analyzing the success of the migration. With regard to the activity levels, remember the VIX contract is a sizable contract. It's not really a retail contract today. So when we look at those users' accounts they're largely sophisticated users that are in those accounts. We haven't tracked each account down to the level of activity and how that shifts the future volume of VIX. But I do think I was excited about yesterday's 300,000 contracts because it gives us -- we have successfully migrated a base of users that can deliver a day of over 300,000 contracts, despite very small open interests. So again, the open interest -- the correlation between open interest and volume yield of VIX, there's not a lot of correlation there when you have over 300,000 contract day like yesterday.
