Chris Concannon: No. Just I think the SPX growth that we’ve seen year-over-year in the quarter and then year-over-year even in July is reflective of the liquidity in the SPX and some of that is related to the re-platforming to hybrid. So, I think it’s important to point out that we have made structural changes to the product and we’re really feeling the benefit of those structural changes.
Chris Concannon: And Ken, it’s Chris. I’ll just add, we have been looking to change the VIX pricing – VIX Futures pricing. We looked originally to change it at the beginning of the year with some of our other annual pricing adjustments. We chose to delay that, because we were migrating the VIX platform on COC. We wanted to look at the behavioral changes post that migration and what we saw was quite attractive for a pricing adjustment. So this pricing adjustment is, I would say, long overdue. It was really to eliminate the day-trader rebate that we had that would create some of the mix from quarter-to-quarter. So this should create a much more stable RPC, a much more attractive RPC overtime. And more importantly, it – we paused because of that migration and now we’re happy with the results of that migration. With regard to your question around what I call non-transaction revenue, we have a very healthy balance with our clients to not overcharge, but continue to grow that business – that area of our business, where we charge for access, we charge for data, and we charge for connectivity. So it’s a careful balance that we have. Certainly, our proprietary market data continues to outperform in terms of growth, new clients, new subscriptions and that’s the best way to grow that revenue is really adding new clients. And so we’re very excited about that.
Chris Concannon: You really just need to look at that page and add together at least the two access fees and exchange services, I even add together market data fees to point out again that there’s more opportunity than risk in these items for CFE.
Chris Concannon: Thanks. It’s Chris, I’ll take this. Obviously, we’ve focused on the user accounts, really the active user accounts in and around our migration. The most important thing we were studying was making sure that the story continued from the active users prior to migration and active users post-migration. So that’s why – that was the story that we were trying to convey in the last quarter, because it was strictly around the CFE migration. We also looked at our activity on the C2 migration and the mix certainly was successful in the migration of C2. So that it was really more focused around the immigration and continuing the activity around that migration.
Chris Concannon: Great, question. Really in the multi-list we’ve been very excited about seeing the overall market grow for the first time in a number of years. And it's really driven by retail demand, retail stepping back into options and the use of options, even in this environment. That's impressive to see given global volume challenges that we're seeing in other markets. So we're excited about multi-list. We made a capture decision at the beginning of 2018 around our various markets. Obviously, we have four of them all offering very different products to our clients. That capture did impact our market share relative to the market. But overall, I'm very happy with the outcome of adjusting capture up to the detriment of market share. And we're very comfortable with our position going forward. And obviously, we have one major migration left. That's our C1 platform. We're excited about what the performance of C2 and EDGX because it's carrying many of the different features and functionalities. So we continue to be excited around our market share and our capture prior to our migration in 2019. 
Chris Concannon: I’ll just add Our partners have been exceptional in this launch, both market as well as iShares, BlackRock. They’re excited about the product. They’re side by side with us reaching out to the clients. Their distribution network is quite impressive, and certainly, our early days of discussion through their distribution network and the skill set of their sales force is quite helpful. So we’re excited about the partnership, we’re excited about the product and we’re very excited about stepping into this space, this credit space that today, we haven’t really dabbled in, in a big way.
Chris Concannon: Chris, it’s Chris. I’ll answer that. Really, as we think about it, first, we look at our proprietary market data and continue to see organic growth there. That’s the result of zero fee adjustments. So we’re excited that our fees set a while ago, which is an aggressive fee, much lower than the competition continues to attract new users and new subscribers, not only here in the U.S., but obviously, internationally as well. So when we think about our growth prospects in market data, we first look at the proprietary and really think about the proprietary market data across all of our platforms, both futures, options, European and FX. Really, with regard to the SEC and their activity around the SIP, there continues to be discussions around the prior rule filing that is being discussed with the SEC on the SIP. The recent action around the CTA, it’s really around an interpretation around an interpretation, kind of in the weeds interpretation of the CTA and how you interpret around display and non-display functions in the CTA plan. So I don’t – we don’t look at the CTA and the SIP as being a huge growth engine for market data. We certainly see them as flat to down over time. And all of our focus is on the proprietary data side. But really, the stress is the proprietary data from all of our platforms across all the various asset classes. We continue to see healthy growth across all those platforms. But back to the SEC discussion, I think those discussions will continue to play out. But again, the recent action on the CTA is really around an interpretation on how to treat certain platforms that distribute the CTA market data.
Ed Tilly: And I think those changes cause to your point; it really shows up in that liquidity. And so when there is a need to employ the strategies, various strategies, the liquidity is in the marketplace, it’s certainly in SPX, to Chris’ point, and we see it also in VIX options. So, there is liquidity ready and when there is the demand coming from the customers, we’re confident that our market will be able to satisfy those needs.
Ed Tilly: I think Chris, to your point, bringing that up was very important. We had a lot of CFE users, who had never written to Bats tech different than C2. So, very important and mindful of that number as for the first time, some of those customers were writing to and using Bats tech.
Ed Tilly: Well, it’s a great question. I think what we’ll see in these marketplaces, and I’d say it’s, we’re setting up and have begun to see, if you remember, the $0.50 premium option hedging strategy that was really, really, common for us last year. Those trades are coming back into the marketplace, where – and I reference VVIX is a really good look for you all into the relative price of hedging with VIX versus a SKU, which might give you a pretty good look of the relative cost of hedging with SPX. We see the VVIX lining up and then we’ve seen the 50,000 lot trader come back into the marketplace. What still missing is that million contract trade that we saw at the end of last year and into and up to February. The market’s setting up for that trade as well. I don’t know if they’ll come back, but I would anticipate in this market environment that the structure is perfect for those strategies. And as you know, there are tagalong or copycat strategies that go along with the 50,000 lot trade and a smaller version of the million contract hedge for the unknown unknowns. So, I expect to see that volume either come back and then grow as a result. As for structurally in retail, what we’re noticing with a really simple strategy and that rolled down, I’ll go back to that roll-down premium and how that’s changed, really easy to take a position that you collect money, that roll-down collection and inverse ETPs, that was really simple. The ETP that won’t be named that went away and then the delevered S60 [ph], it was really a buy, forget and take advantage of the roll down. What we’re noticing is the most sophisticated ETP traders, that retail customer base showing up and shorting VXX. It’s the same position and collection opportunity in the roll down is being wrongly inverted. So, as the user is looking to employ the same strategies that were very successful in a normal volatility structure that you pointed out, that pivot in the VXX is the same exposure to roll down and we’ve seen the short interest in VXX grow. So that’s our answer. It takes education and persistence and we’re best at what out there doing, but we need a marketplace that’s something to point to and we’re finally coming into the market, where we can go back to the street and say, “hey, this is pretty familiar. It’s what you are used to.” And from there, I think, I would expect to see some of those strategies coming back.
Ed Tilly: So, let me try to maybe ask it one other way and see if I'm capturing your intention. I'll ask Brian to speak to specifically the mix and how we benefited from a pivot on some of the S&P 500 hedging moving into SPX and the difference there. But I think if I can maybe make it – what I'm hearing is, if we see a change to the normal-term structure, does all of the increased volume we see in SPX, does that just go back into VIX and the entire complex just remain flat? Is that kind of a simple way…
Ed Tilly: Good. So I do expect some movement. If you're hedging the S&P 500 today with SPX and you've not gone into VIX basically because VIX call options are historically at a higher level than they have been, so you need to hedge your 500 and you've gone into the SPX, I think we will see some shift back into VIX. But what is completely missing – so it is just the opinion on volatility and the strategies around vol, those come back and they don't come from typical SPX users. That is an opinion on the term structure. There is a trade up and down the term structure that just goes away when it's flat. So there are those strategies that are now sidelined or have been on the sideline, and that is taking a position in the difference between a front month that might be 13 and that month that's trending to the average trending to the average of roughly 17.5. So all of that trade is not dependent on the 500. That this – those are rolled down in premium harvesting strategies found in the term structure, found in option positions in the VIX complex. So there are strategies that are just not in the market today. So I hope that gives you a little look in what – and the $0.50 is a great example of that, right? And so is the $1 million contract trade that is using volatility to express – to take an expression in a look forward in vol. As for the mix shift in the benefits, Brian, I think maybe you can take the second part of the question.
Ed Tilly: We obviously, as is on the board of OCC, we're not going to comment on any speculation around investigations from a regulator, just in general. So until there's actually print from a regulator, we'll have no opinion on articles written in speculation around OCC.
Brian Schell: So, Ken, it’s Brian. The first part is obviously, we can’t give a prediction on the pricing, where that will look. I think what we talked about as far as the second quarter reflects were a couple of things as far as the dynamics of a lower RPC during the quarter with seeing some of the block trading volume going away, somewhat related to some of the ETPs that were associated with some of that volume in the VIX Futures market, which without that can generate a lower capture of what we’ll see. And we also saw with some of the volume mix we saw some of those more significant players, who were actually qualified at the lower tier. So that was the mix. The overall change absent some of that, we would expect to see an increase to recall that some level of baseline up from where we saw obviously in the last quarter. But absent some of the other mix changes that I’ve previously referenced, I wouldn’t set the expectation that we’ll be back to where we were, say, 2Q of last year when we had that different mix of client volumes.
Brian Schell: So, Alex, it’s Brian. So, I think that to Chris, it’s kind of a – it is a nice segue from Chris’s earlier point about. We look at different parts of the business collectively to look at non-transaction fees and as we’ve looked in a shifting of the new technologies implemented and the services we provide and with the underlying Bats technology, some of that non-transaction revenue may fall in the different buckets of where we’d categorize it from just kind of a pure accounting standpoint. So in a way, we look at access fees and exchange services and other fees very collectively. So I wouldn’t get too focused on the differentiation of growth from one category to another. So, this is really of how we ended up implementing some of the tech and how we charge for it kind of falling into the different bucket, shifting more into the access fees and how we deliver that value. If you look at the stats and look at the capacity that our clients now have on the CFE platform and the speed, and what they’re able to do, some of that is reflective in those services. So that’s showing up more in access fees versus a decline of people running away from exchange services and other fees.
Brian Schell: All right. Good question. So, let’s talk about the market data first. So, the big unknown, obviously, with the SIP is – are there – what’s been somewhat of a variance has been in the auto recovers that have, like I said earlier in the comments that they are somewhat unpredictable. But overall, we’d still be optimistic about that growth just given the success of the proprietary and that’s actually been kind of outpacing, obviously, outpacing on a percentage basis in the overall dollar contribution on the quarter. Our year- over-year basis for each quarter has been actually helping to carry that category, even though the SIP revenues may be flattish and given where they are. So, we still remain optimistic given the both subscriptions, flash user growth and the pricing changes that have been implemented. So, we still see the growth there. We’re still optimistic and that really hasn’t changed. Any variance on the upside has been the audit recoveries and certainly that we’ve seen so far in 2018. On the expense guidance, and again, the proprietary, like I said, is with that 22% growth rate we had, that’s been the trend the last several quarters. So like I said, we continue to be excited about the work that we’re doing there as that expands geographically and across other asset classes. On the expense side, a couple of dynamics that are going on there. With respect to the comp, if volumes, say, for example, in that scenario, talked about our muted, they don’t necessarily grow to the level of expectations, one of the self-correcting mechanisms we have within comp is the bonus element, which a lot of times is based on expectations at the beginning of the year of how we're going to do and various measures with respect to revenue growth or earnings growth. And as that becomes potentially more muted, that amount will fall. And so that accrual will be less and actually may even reverse itself. So you will see some – you would see some contraction in that number. The other thing that's actually potentially driving it up a little bit is the capitalized wages that I mentioned earlier is – the technology team on the upside is as if they are doing a very good job from an efficiency standpoint of spending less dollars from a cash flow standpoint. But some that goes into how they're actually capitalizing and how we look at, they're actually capitalizing less wages than they did last year. So it has a slightly negative GAAP impact, but it shows up, obviously, in a slightly higher expense. But net-net, as far as overall results, it ends up being a more efficient cash flow spend. So that's maybe elevating that a little bit more than what you might have expected as well.
Brian Schell: Yes. And that may have been whether – I think when people looked at the results and the kind of the growth in the Options segment, while some of the index options volume was somewhat muted from a year-over- year contract growth rate, you saw the RPC increase 9%, largely reflecting – and all this will become a high level of numbers. If you think about the – just the pure VIX, SPX mix of going 60% SPX and VIX being roughly 40% from a year ago period to this period of more of a 70-30 mix, SPX to VIX, you'll see that 9% improvement or roughly a $0.06 improvement on a rate per contract. So you can see how just that pure mix shift was very favorable, obviously, to the top line and bottom line results as well I think it can be very powerful from that extent despite the, we'll call it, more of the flattish volume on a year-over-year basis.
Brian Schell: And I'll just add. I think it's important, we just recently saw an SEC approval of an OCC clearing fund filing, which is an important indicator that the SEC has recognized how the formula works. And there is a reduction – an expected reduction in the clearing fund going forward. That is beneficial to all of our products, our multi-list products as well as our proprietary products.
Brian Schell: Yes. So, on the buyback, I think we’ve been very clear certainly reflective of the first quarter and second quarter as well as dialogue conversations we have with our board as far as their point of view. We do think that the share repurchase is a very good opportunity to deploy capital, certainly at these levels. So absent anything else or something that we’d expect, we continue to see that trend continue. I will say though that – and we’ve been, from a kind of leverage standpoint, as far as with the aggressiveness and accelerating it, we’ve obviously done it with, obviously, cash on hand that we – as we’ve been able to grow it and cash flow from operations. So, I don’t think there’s any expectations unless you’d see something differently that we’d go out and borrow, significantly increasing our leverage to be able to do that, all else being equal. But like I said, we’ve said and consistent with what we’ve said and what you’ve seen also in the first couple of quarters is that this is a good place to deploy the capital. And certainly at this level, that would be no change.
John Deters: Ken, this is John. I’d definitely look at Page 31 when we break out that mix that Chris was talking about in terms of our segments and for the segment that has kind of the greatest volume headwinds of Futures segment, really mark non-transaction revenue with more opportunity than it is risk.
John Deters: I think – this is John, to the point of secular shift, this is the way to think about our – this premium captured that Ed was talking about. It’s an insurance marketplace. So, you’ve got insurers, who are buying insurance and you’ve got insurance writers, and we had a hurricane event in February and Ed used the word regroup earlier in the prepared remarks. And you’ve got always after an event like that, there’s a regrouping, where the insurance writers assess their participation in the marketplace, the insurer reads, asses their needs for insurance, but the risk, the volatility risk that our traders hedge in our marketplace, that is a constant. There’s nothing secular about that and we’ve got every confidence that when people do go through the regrouping process, the needs that we provide in the marketplace exclusively will really resonate.
John Deters: Yes, yes. Thanks, Chris. Patrick, I think this is a – I’m glad you asked about it, because it’s an interesting one for us. It’s been inspiring for the team, for the product development team to receive the feedback they have. I think it’s different and contrast quite markedly from our ETP futures launch, where the word spread largely through a press-driven process. Here, word is really spread by word-of-mouth. It’s almost been viral in its distribution in terms of how people learned about it because this is – there hadn’t been a lot of pickup in the press. And it’s, I think, because we’ve created a very elegant structure that taps into the ETP ecosystem, and we’re catering to a massive underserved credit market. And so I think we’ve tapped into something really special with this product design. And we look forward to launching it this summer. We’re right on track with development. As we said during our announcement, we expect a summer launch.
