Alan J. Dean: Why don't we just make note of the fact that we've lost Roger, and we'll pick him up as soon as he gets back in the queue.
Alan J. Dean: Well, first of all, the volume on C2 is relatively small compared to C1. So it really won't have any impact on our overall RPC. I really don't expect it to compress our net take. I think that what we're focused on is increasing market share, driving business to C2, and we think this new fee structure is the chance of doing that. So that's our focus.
Alan J. Dean: This is Alan Dean. We've never been public on the exact structure of what we pay and to whom. What I can say is that, it isn't the same across all products, and that you could have royalty fees changed at a slightly different rate, compared to index volume, altogether, just because each of the contracts is structured slightly differently. But overall, the correlation is there. Royalty fees should go up and down with index volume. On the tax rate, we were changing our tax rate for the year, only to reflect the $4 million hit from -- that we're providing for, for New York State. And I gave that guidance in the call. So you can extrapolate back what the fourth quarter will be, based on the guidance we're giving you for the year. We're not actually giving you guidance for the fourth quarter but you could figure it out.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, I can give you little bit of color on that. There has been much more activity in the Senate than in the general assembly. The Illinois has a unique cycle, they call it a veto session. And they had 3 days last week. And although, it's called a veto session, it's actually -- the legislature is in full activity. They can do anything they want, not just veto. It's really -- was originally designed to give the legislation opportunity to reenact or do something on bills that the government may have vetoed prior to the fall, and then, they come back in the fall for a very abbreviated session. So this year, they were in last week for 3 days, and they will be in next week for 3 days. I do not expect them to stay in more than their 3 days, and that may be the end of the session for this year. So there is a possibility that you'll see some movement in legislation next week, we are very active in engaging on this matter, as does the CME. And so next week, will be a kind of a pivotal time, to see if anything is going to happen this year. If things couldn't get extended, but if you follow the history, normally, it will be 3 days next week and that will be it.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, we did waive the add-on the premium for SPXpm through the end of November, to trade SPXpm. So what's left is immaterial. And the New Year, we'll look at that, and if it makes sense, we'll give more clarity on that in the New Year. Now what was the second part of your question? Oh, the sliding scale. Here's how it works. It's only for multiply listed products, only for market makers, and the deal is, if a big liquidity provider firm will commit to a minimum level of permits for the year, then we give them a discount, and the rack rate, if you will, for permits. And so they're committing to us for the year. And what the firm gets is a lower per permit rate. And what we get is certainty on permits for the entire year's predictability. And I think it's worked. So the firms did get -- did pay us lower fees. On the other hand, I, pretty much, illuminated the volatility in permit fees throughout the year, which makes my job a little easier. So that's how it works and I hope I answered your question.
Alan J. Dean: There's no assurances. It could spread. We already have a presence in New Jersey. So by increasing our presence there, it doesn't increase our current tax liability. Just to add a little transparency, we have 3 people in our New York office, 3 employees. And so that's the office we're closing down. 2,800 square feet, moving it to New Jersey and because of those 3 people, the state of New York is proposing that we look at the billing addresses of the people that we bill in our transactions fees, and then assessing the tax. I know the electronic transaction fees, based on billing address. So you can imagine that we have a lot more billing addresses in New York City than we do in New Jersey. And that's the case. So -- but I can't predict tomorrow, you never know. I feel pretty good about next year. No question about it.
Alan J. Dean: Okay. Alan Dean here. First of all, we don't know where our end users at, definitively. I don't know if it's the dentist in Iowa or the high-powered hedge fund in New York City, or in London or anywhere else. But we've done some analysis, and what we would think is that a significant portion of our volume comes from overseas, double-digit percentages beyond that, I really can't be more confident than that. And so, how many end-users are in New York? We just don't know because of the way our industry is structured, just can't tell you.
Alan J. Dean: The RPC, we designed the fees in SPXpm to yield the same RPC as we're experiencing in C1. With that said, there's major differences. For instance in C1, there's the sliding scale discounts that you can achieve as a high-volume user. Those aren't there in C2 but overall, we expect them to be the same. And regarding our expense guidance. When I said in my prepared remarks, is that I expect our core operating expenses in the fourth quarter, if you annualize them to be within our guidance range. And so I think if you look at third quarter, we'll -- if you annualize those, we're pretty close to our guidance range. And so, we felt it was prudent to stick with that number for the fourth quarter, based on what I know today.
Alan J. Dean: Well I'm sticking with our guidance on CapEx of $30 million to $35 million for the year. The expenditures in the second quarter, although they might have been a little bit higher than in the third quarter, a little bit higher than what you saw earlier in the year, it's the same type of expenditures. Mostly IT-related, nothing really extraordinary. That's just happened to be when they fell during the year. I hope that I'm in a position where I have so much cash that the board has forgotten what to do with it.
William J. Brodsky: I'll try to answer the question. We have chosen pro rata. We do see in the make-take environment, really 3 algorithms. The pure price time, modified pro rata, which is included some preferencing that you pointed out, and we're going to a non-entitle or non-preference pure pro rata. What we think, and what we actually expect to see with the combination of raising as a make fee, that we will -- beyond the NBBO, and offering the pro rata incentive for more size that, while we expect to hold the NBBO for the longest period of time with the highest make. And now attracting what we think in the model as the largest size because of the pro rata portion, that on orders where the markets are being swapped, and those markets that we saw really in August and September, we and C2 expect to be on top of the market for the longest period of time, with the greatest amount of size and benefiting from those order types, right out of the gate. So we'll keep you up-to-date on that progress, but that's the reasoning behind the change.
William J. Brodsky: So Alan, why don't you answer the first part on the fee issue, and then Ed, you can go back on the...
William J. Brodsky: Sure Ken, this is Bill Brodsky. I'll do my best. It's not a science on this. First of all the way I gauge it, is I look at the investment banks and the ETNs that they initiate, and when we see that happening, we know that they are trying to offer their customers a whole host of products. So for example, I saw during the quarter, I believe was UBS came out with a whole range of ETN benchmark to the VIX. So to me, those are new users, or at least, new products where firms obviously, would rather use their own proprietary products, than to recommend some other firm's proprietary products. And so my view is that, that is continuing. And I think a lot of our business now is coming indirectly by the ETN sponsors, who then come into VIX every day, to readjust their positions. Second thing is on penetration. I can only say anecdotally, I think we have a very long runway on VIX. SPX and index option trading is not new. It is an area where I think that we have growth getting people from the over-the-counter market, the institutions to come into the exchange market for all the obvious and compelling reasons, but there's little doubt in my mind, that the VIX area, which we call the volatility asset class, is still very embryonic.
William J. Brodsky: This is Bill Brodsky. And you may have noticed that we've extended the trading hours on VIX futures. That's one of the tweaks that we've done, because we think that there's more opportunity outside the billable hours. But this is something that we're constantly watching for, Ed Tilly has some other things he'll add to give you a little more color.
William J. Brodsky: I don't have a ready answer for you. The only -- I'm trying to figure, what had happened to cause share count to go up, it must have been by a very small amount in the third quarter. We're going to have to get back to you on that one. I don't have a firm response.
William J. Brodsky: Roger, this is Bill. As I said I noticed during the quarter that UBS had a whole new family, but I'll have to say, I'm not expert on what the different variations are. But as you know, there are over 2 dozen ETNs now, that somehow, a benchmark for the VIX. But the bulk of it, obviously, is much more short-term. But I can't tell you, I don't have a list of each one in front of me.
William J. Brodsky: And then, this is Bill Brodsky. On the other part of your question about what are the dynamics of moving or staying, I would tell you, as a fundamental premise, we don't want to leave Illinois. There is a very vibrant options and futures community that is here. Our goal is to try to negotiate a structure on Illinois taxes, that is fair and is reflective of reality. And if we can make that happen and we can get some relief, then that hopefully, will resolve the matter. So it's a little premature and I'm certainly not going to get into what we were doing, how we were doing, other than to say that unrelated in the tax issue, we're running 2 of our major operations out of New Jersey right now. And that was more based on latency and not state taxes. So the dynamic is different now than it used to be, when everything was anchored to an open outside trading floor. So I would say at this point, we're working with the state officials. They understand that they don't want to put us in some disadvantage. Remember, we're the only the major options exchange in Illinois, the rest are basically East Coast with the one exception of that.
Edward T. Tilly: So the second part of the question, it's Ed Tilly, Roger, we -- early few days, and the early week of SPXpm, we did see a lot of professional trading. Really market maker to market maker, not surprising. They're really the first movers in any new product. And then as we came closer to expiration, we did see some retail participation. Retail obviously, as you know because of the size of the contract, very large retail players. And then, we expect to see a lot of different shifts as we have introduced new functionality. You may or may not be aware, that we started offering the SPXpm contract, primarily, with straight orders. That is, single-line strategies. We went to and increased the functionality to include complex orders, and then, we added functionality to include pairing orders. And just Tuesday, as Bill pointed out in his prepared comments, we increased the guaranteed participation rate on paired orders to the maximum allowed by rule to 40%. So we think we'll go from that very professional base that we began with, now attract a more diverse user base, as the product becomes more and more mainstream.
Edward T. Tilly: Alex, you're dead on. The TAS or Trade at Settlement order type is going to be a new function for us. It is targeting the ETN users, who need the actual closing trend. We think that's going to accommodate most of them, of course, we would consider a very, very short time period, VWAP, if the TAS doesn't serve their purpose. So we're prepared for more enhancements, if that's what the users need. But for right now, we do think that TAS will satisfy the majority of them. We are always looking for solutions in technology, that would attract more users to the marketplace, and we think we're on to something here by offering a Trade at Settlement order type.
Edward T. Tilly: This is Ed Tilly, Chris. What we've been public on is our goal to expand the complex. We -- our last attempt with gold, we found ourselves really offering to the marketplace, a volatility product that doesn't have the negative correlation that VIX does to the S&P 500. So we'll be looking into the actively-traded, some of the holders and the ETFs. There's been some interest expressed to us from the street. And so the next products that will come to the market will be really driven from the end-user. Which is really more in line with CBOE's model, and rolling out new products. So I would have you look to expect those very active ETFs and holders. And more, as soon as we can share it with you.
Edward T. Tilly: Roger, Ed Tilly. We did say that we have doubled the amount of liquidity providers, but we did not give specific numbers at this point. And Alan has pointed out, when that becomes as significant and driving number into our bottom line, on access, we'll make that more public. But right now, we can't share the exact number.
