Ed Tilly: Thank you, Brian. In closing I'm pleased with the progress we've made as we continue to execute against our strategical plan and focus on building one of the largest global derivatives and securities network. Earlier this week, Cboe celebrated its 48th Anniversary, the pioneering spirit that drove the creation of our company now fuels our leadership as a global multi-asset market operator. While every year has been remarkable on its own right. The unprecedented events of this past year have reaffirmed why I already knew, the entrepreneurial and collaborative team spirit has always defined Cboe has never been stronger. I'm very proud of what we have accomplished as a team as a team and I look forward to delivering on our vision as the year progresses. With that, I'll turn to Debbie for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Ed Tilly: Ari, thank you. Let me start - it's great. And I appreciate you pointing that out. Certainly now if we look back over our activity over the last 18 months or so. I hope the story is coming together in your head. So exactly right, we're just so pleased yesterday to announce the launch of European derivatives that was an effort that we began well over a year ago and being able to come to market in September is quite exciting and then taking the incredible leadership that Dave Howson, as he shepherded that effort with Ade Cordell, in Europe being able to take Dave's expertise and have him oversee the integration of Chi - X, makes perfect sense for us on a build out. But importantly, you can see the effect and the vision we had with our purchase of BIDS. Our partner for years in Europe being able to move into Canada with our MATCHNow ATS acquisition and then now moving that network and reach into the APAC region. So it's just terrific and putting Bryan Harkins in charge of that growth and that rollout. I think we're well positioned to take full advantage of all of the deals that we've expressed to you over the past 18 months. So it's great. It is coming together. I appreciate you pointing that out. And let me turn over to Chris.
Ed Tilly: It's a great question and we do I think on the macro level. This is exactly what institutions were telling us in the second half of last year and of course we were passing that information along to you. I think no better place to look is that SPX volume is right around 1.2 million contacts [ph] a day, very consistent for the first four months of the year. What's been interesting is to see the VIX options growth in the first quarter of the year and that's changed a bit in April and really the efficiency of our institutional users who saw an advantage using VIX's option at a time where the difference between realized volatility and applied volatility. Buying VOL [ph] and the exposure of VIX options was relatively cheap and so we saw institutions in a big way move to using VIX's options for hedging purposes that's changed now in April as we're looking at a more normal realized to imply fall [ph] level. So that's exactly the right move from our institution. Really be having at a very logical way and then the overall levels of VIX. In the fourth quarter really, out 25.5% or so. Second quarter about 23% and then if you take out today, right around 20% or just below 20%. So moving to a more normal contango shape which should keep in the roll bound trade that we've seen in years past. So this is exactly what we expect out of our institutions and no reason to think that won't continue. So I appreciate that question.
Ed Tilly: Chris, just let me jump in one more time and again I think if you look at the M&A activity and important to note. I think really outperformed particularly on the market data sales in APAC. We were very, very small team. Who works very, very hard? But having a presence with Chi - X now and really sales team on the ground. The timing at 24x5 and the awareness that there is demand for exposure into the US year around the clock, really comes together nicely. If we look at hopefully the approval and closing of Chi - X. so it's coming together for us, pretty nicely. But yes, back to you, Brian.
Ed Tilly: It's a great question. Before I turn it over to John on the product. I think it's important for us to recognize. It's very top of mind for all of our associates and what that means to Cboe before we even move to what's tradable, what indices are out there and how our customers can take advantage of investing in ESG? So important for me to mention that on the front end. This is a big deal for us. It's a report that's very important to us. I just reviewed the report that we were about to send out and all of our associates, this is top of mind. So I want to start there. John, want to move to what's tradable and some of our index partners and the opportunities, we see.
Ed Tilly: Well that's a terrific question. I think what the biggest of observation we see is, the change in the size of the contracts that are coming into the SPX complex. It's quite remarkable. Those really, really large trades that we saw before the pandemic have been replaced with smaller order size in general which is very telling to us and then in the super short dated and a little premium contracts huge uptick in what will put in a category of traditional retail that is retail, access that's been around for years. But has been missing in the SPX, the VIX auction, mini futures, access [indiscernible] SPX and what we're looking at is it to accommodate new retail, which still does not have access to our proprietary product step. So the rotation to smaller order side, the rotation of more traditional retail is what you see today and at roughly $1.2 million contracts a day and we're still working on providing access to new retail, which we think the more you look at our mini products and the more we allow or they allow access for their clients into SPX. I would predict that you'll see a movement like a traditional retail, out of new retail. So that's our goal. But that's what we're seeing today. That's the biggest change I can tell you, is trade [indiscernible].
Ed Tilly: I think just volumes overall Rich, we see a little of the volumes we treating a little bit. But a couple weeks just for our opinion, Trendmic [ph] I actually like the momentum particularly out of retail that we kind of spending some time on, not surprisingly individual names. The attention that individual trading has had, has raised volume across the spectrum. So if you're providing that liquidity in the most volatile single names. You're looking for macro layoff as best as you can that has raised the interest for us and what we saw in AUM and ETPs. We can that in VIX options as I said before. Really were buying implied volatility to discount of what the market was trading, that since gone to a more normal relationship again, if we put today out of the mix. But then, what we would expect traditionally is if that VOL [ph] went to a more historical containment shape. We'll see the roll down. We should see the roll down trade again. So from our proprietary product perspective. We do see that as a normal rotation. The single name excitement being replaced with more macro as VOL [ph] contracts a bit and then going back to a short VOL [ph] capture trade or roll down trade and going back to more normal cadence. But it will be interesting to see. I think the uniqueness of Cboe has having a product for many market environment and that's not different. So again and let me, a little more comment on retail. We're after sustainable volume in retail. There's going to be flashes and we're going to have headlines there's going to be interesting stories and shiny objects in the corner. We're after what education can provide for the long-term investor and the retail investor that's going be here year in and year out. So we don't really chase those spikes, we chase sustainable growth and that's what we're after. So I appreciate that.
Ed Tilly: I think Alex; you set me up perfectly with the data and the demand for data. So from an institutional perspective. The data and the back testing is first. Before conversion. So that's - I love that. That's the kind of reflect some of the guidance we've seen, the demand for that data is increasing. But again, I really want to punch the fact that we've seen no conversion from new retail. Zero. There's no access from the most popular new retail sites. So those millions of new retails will engage more broadly in the market are not in our proprietary product set at all. So the low hanging fruit for us is that conversion. We love the story. We like telling how the management of cash settled European style contracts are super easy and so that's the educational effort that's what we're going to be point out. Hopefully in the months and quarters to come. But start with data in your head a we watch those numbers and then we'll look for conversion from new retail, that is a good opportunity for us and one that, we'll be chasing the rest of this year.
Ed Tilly: Sorry, Alex the data reference was institutional. Retail. We've not seen a history of retail back testing, it really it is access to the market. Its super short dated. So that is lower hanging fruit and I referenced traditional retail really being a big mover into the SPX complex over the last quarters. And playing out that the low hanging fruits is the millions of customers who do not have access to our proprietary product set, that is not instead of an effort on institutions. John, I think pointed out that the institutions were lead times longer. It starts with data, back testing and [indiscernible].
Ed Tilly: Let me start more broadly, John you can go to CoinRoutes. We know market participants are looking for exposure in crypto. Access cash to be the driver. We've talked in the past. We're trying to build an ecosystem. So we start with access to market data, that's the CoinRoutes agreement. From there you normally have a Vaneck [ph] bitcoin trust ETF in the front of the SEC. so we'd love to deliver in a trusted way, in ETF which are really customer-friendly and easy to understand. And then throughout this effort, we need focus and education. We've not done that in a big way. And then, you take the educated investor and retail access and then you from the ETF into satisfying demand for institutional participants. So all of that pretty early innings if you look at crypto more broadly and we're in it for the long haul. I think John a couple of words on CoinRoutes. Thanks, Sean, great question.
Brian Schell: Yes, I'll take that. Thanks. Rich, we're obviously very excited about this - obviously the incremental guidance reflects are increased confidence in that growth rate, which was already strong obviously going in. As you recall the growth rate in the fourth quarter was also kind of that kind of near double-digit team growth rate. I guess just kind of again lay out our investment thesis that we talked about at the end of the fourth quarter results. Basically that growth is not accidental, it reflects our strategic approach and that longer effort and it's starting to bear fruits. When you think about the cash flow generation of the organization and where you deploy that capital which again a common theme that we wanted to make sure we laid out. Part of the expense guidance, part of what we were doing with the cash flow. It's not - let's take the extra cash and let's put in a sock drawer, help it grows. What reflects the investment thesis is that, our global client base as an increasing need for data and analytics and better access. So as you look at the details of where do that growth come from and what we're seeing. Its three parts. It's growth and demand access to our markets, its growth and demand to our data. And it's growth and demand to our analytics and that's suite of products. On the access side and you look across, primarily this is coming from the options North American equities in Europe business is - we're seeing a little bit of the macro effect of that increasing demand, increasing activity. But we're also seeing the feedback that the firms are looking for more and more capacity as they're expanding their trading capacity. On the data side, we're seeing incremental top of book sales particularly on the equities front and 75% of that growth is actually international. There's some US at top of book sales are coming international and then in the US, we're actually seeing more depth of book. I'll call it more share of wallet demand coming through. On the analytics side, is what we're seeing that whole analytics suite is starting to come together? We're seeing increased client demand for access, for having that same provider. We're seeing growth on the Silexx platform. We're seeing growth in LIBOR, [indiscernible] and Tradeweb. All of that's coming together from a similar provider again. We talked about this before, pre-trade, at trade, post trade, helping provide that risk, that analytics framework is really starting to bear fruits and why this is coming out. So on a go forward, the increased guidance reflects the strong pipeline and again confidence in our efforts and we're just going to continue to leverage our global network and we're really excited to grow this part of the business.
Brian Schell: Yes, thanks Alex. I would say that, as you think about that retail participation that's not really driving some of the access that we're seeing from the growth. And that's again, that's growing across all the assets classes. It's not just kind of the retail effort, maybe in the equities or the options. So we're seeing again across all again we can't necessarily point. Here's a macro factors, there's the internal kind of the growth driven of the firms themselves. But like I said, as firms have growth this capacity and they continue to execute their trading strategies. They have not indicated any change. Like I said, we still feel confident in sustaining that overall level of participation and access into our market. So like I said, it's hard to predict the growth rates in any one particular quarter. But overtime, we still feel pretty good overall. Again that macro factor we can't ignore it. But we don't think it was the primary driver of our growth.
Brian Schell: I wanted to just mention, part of that effort is built into our investments that I mentioned up front as far as the revenue expectations again it's been more muted as we roll that out again later in the year. The annualized impact. So again it's part of a building a very broad access again. As Chris mentioned to the global network and people continuing to take advantage, increase access to the overall product suite. Obviously including the proprietary product suite. So more muted on the revenue side in 2021. But the full burden of the expense is shared.
Brian Schell: It's important, we're on the lookout always for new sources of data as well. CoinRoutes great example of us moving into crypto currency market data that is just incredible opportunity for us to look at the potential derive data in crypto. The analytics associated with it, will be a price data. So there's more to come. We're just getting this up and going.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, Dan good question. As I had mentioned, we really like the FX business. We've actually had a really strong growth rate in the last three to four years. While the overall market volumes have not grown that much. Our share of the market has grown, our share of the wallet has grown. We've used data analytics again to grow our share and get closer to our customers. I've also added some non-transactional revenues there. We've launched non-deliverable forward our sets growing nicely and our full amount platform. So we really like the FX business and even as regarding other M&A that we've announced. If you talk about Chi - X Asia's were looking to close that hopefully soon. It opens up opportunities not just in the equities asset classes of those existing businesses. But there's also, we think more opportunity across our other asset classes including FX as we really move into the Asian region.
Chris Isaacson: Alex just quickly on the SIP as well. We haven't really projected overall SIP market data pool growth for a while. Once quarter-to-quarter there will be some market data recoveries to come through. But as Brian mentioned in a quite a bit of detail already. Our growth in non-transaction revenue has primarily come from access. People needing more capacity to our markets as well as data that's unique to us, that we're selling here and around the world. As you said 75% coming from outside the US. So in certain products. So we're excited about that. Our growth plans and non-transaction aren't dependent on the SIP.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, just want to point out again. The demand for BIDS in other regions and other countries is palpable. As we announced our MATCHNow acquisition. Now integration which is coming here February 1 of next year. The demand for BIDS is extremely high there. And we've already seen that and we're not closed yet with Chi - X Asia. But as Ed mentioned, a lot of demand in Asia for BIDS also. So there's 460 buy side participants on BIDS and we think that we can grow substantially trading existing products that BIDS already trades. But also across new securities in different regions. I'll end with, all of this there's data and access related to each of these markets and each of these different trading networks that we have. So that's underpinning or actually that outcome of all this coming together is that, you see the non-transaction over performance.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, Owen great question. So really excited about 24x5. This hits on one of the major themes which is greater access to existing customers. But also access to new customers. So as you said, we plan to launch in the fourth quarter pending regulatory approval. Working very hard on that. We already trade VIX futures 24x5 and this will get us to nearly 24x5 for SPX and VIX options. And we call this global trading hours outside of the US hours. We saw actually more than 100% growth in that segment and SPX options last year, year-over-year and so we're excited a bit. As we increase the access so will the volume come? As a bit of precursor to that, we extended our US equities hours to 4 AM Eastern opening up three hours earlier and we've seen quite an uptick in number of customers in our market share coming there, kind of exceeding our expectation. So the world is 24x7 and in every asset class. We're moving in that direction. We're meeting customer demand as we do. So I'll hand it to Brian for maybe a financial impact here.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, I'd love to. So obviously Brian, you recognized we put together the data and access solutions group under Cathy Clay, tremendous leader. We've recognized this opportunity that we need a cohesive and well packaged data offering globally. Cathy is leading the charge there. And so I would say, we're maybe early to middle innings on this effort. So we bought Hanweck and FT trade alert last year, nearly fully integrated there. We'll be done by the end of this year. Now putting that together with the real-time data coming off of all of our exchanges as Brian mentioned 75% of certain products remained sold outside the US now. So it is coming together. But it's still I think middle innings. Technically we're bringing it together. But from a packaging perspective getting the access and the distribution right is, we're excited about doing that. I had also mentioned, the way in which we're getting to customers. We want to make sure we get to not just the existing customers with more well packaged data in a way that they can act upon. But actually new customers so that may not have current access using the normal means, they might have so. Also exploration of efforts to use cloud and whatnot to get to new customers. So we have an incredible amount of data, a unique position now when we hopefully close the Chi - X Asia acquisition on this global derivatives and securities network with just an unparalleled amount of data coming from the equity platforms, put that together with our deep analytics an we're very excited about this. But early to middle innings as we've just formed this group, all together under Cathy.
John Deters: This is John also there. You think about the acquisitions we've done over the past 12 to 18 months. Generally, there only the productive of data, producive [ph] of data or their data packaging and distribution platforms. And so, we think about them as a cohesive haul. You've heard a lot of talk about this today. I mean what we're seeing right now in terms of the performance and the raise on the forward guidance and non-transactional revenue, is just. It's increasing return to that scale and scope. We can give you some direct examples of that. For example, this past quarter we had a win, a sizable consulting agreement with a global top tier buy side firm to look at top to bottom there. Their risk systems that is likely to lead to a mandate to sort of look at all of that and replace substantial components of it because we've got a package that really works well together. And we look forward to continuing that globally again as we have a footprint in Europe and Asia and North America, that sales effort should be much more routine for us.
John Deters: Yes, thanks Ed. Hi, Ken. To Ed's point it really does start at home. We want to walk the walk and talk the talk. That gives us really insight into the thought process behind ESG. So we can have intelligent conversations with our partners. We will be proceeding forward on ESG product, whether data product or tradable products together with partners. That has always been our forte and if you think about the partners we have today, our deepest partnerships FTSE Russell, MSCI, S&P. those partners are all making substantial investments in ESG and leading the way into the future here. So we fully intend to leverage what they've built and create really interesting value-added products off of those partnerships and you'll see many of those come to light over the next couple of quarters.
John Deters: This is John. I'll just jump in on one concrete example as well. While the on boarding for many of our proprietary products and the new platforms is a long process. We every quarter, every month work towards extending access. Access is one of our key strategic objectives and the great example of that is the target outcome product set which in the past year or two, went from zero to over $5 billion and asset under management between our partners at First Trust innovator, true market others. That product set is a product set that we really work for the partners to create through the whole chain of mechanics are required Flex options, Silexx entry systems, the NAV calculation and the indexes that guide those products. All of those are things we provide to our partners. So that they can offer access to our proprietary products through the wrapper of target outcome funds. And they've had needless to say in this volatile market great uptake over the last year or so.
John Deters: Thanks Ed. Great question, Sean. So we're actually live now on our CCCY Channel and CSMI with the CoinRoutes real price indexes and we're excited about this. A lot of great uptake and to Ed's point, it starts with identifying the price, the accurate prices at which you want to reference your crypto currency trading from there we add all the things we do as an exchange operator. So what we're solving for is at interaction between regulated exchange operator and really revolutionary crypto currency space and offering our broader services beyond just data to those participants.
