Ed Tilly: Thank you, Brian. Before opening up for Q&A, I'd like to take a moment to provide follow-up on the two areas of most interest to you on our call at Wednesday. The percentage of VIX futures tied to ETP trading, both long and short, and who is trading VIX futures. This first slide shows average AUM on a quarterly basis, for the top, long and short VIX linked ETPs, which represent roughly 90% of VIX ETP assets, as relatively flat between Q4 2015 and January of 2018. During the same period, overall VIX futures ADV increased by 82%. So while ETP assets continue to be important, the growth in VIX futures trading is no longer reliant on ETP activity. This next slide demonstrates how our efforts to educate and grow our user base, have increased the number of unique user accounts, associated with trading in CFE, from 4,495 in Q4 2015 to 5,706 in Q4 2017, representing an increase of 27%. Unique accounts encompassed a broad range of market participants, including asset managers, dealers, market makers, proprietary traders and brokerage execution professionals. During this period, growth from overseas users, interested in accessing our global trading hour session, has been particularly strong with these user accounts, up 57%. As we mentioned Wednesday, the activity we see from issuers of XIV and SPXC is less than 5% of all VIX futures trading, representing average daily volume of about 12,000 contracts. It's important to note, that non-institutional holders of these ETPs in the last reported period, represented approximately just 21% of total holdings, with the remainder consisting of sophisticated institutional users, who employ inverse VIX ETPs, as part of a diverse mix of trading and investing strategies. I thank you again for your time, both today and Wednesday. We continue to make volatility trading a primary educational focus. The growth in VIX futures and options trading is a result of the utility of these products under virtually any market condition. We see every change in market conditions as an opportunity to redouble our educational efforts. With that, I will turn it over to Debbie, for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Ed Tilly: I think it's a good question, and maybe a little bit more specific to what Brian said. Our goal and what we shared with you last year, was delevering. That was the number one goal of the board and it was on the advice of the senior management team. What Brian is saying, is we believe the balance sheet is at a very nice place for us. And as far as flexibility, we are free, we think to look at the world differently than we would have been a year ago at the closing of this deal. We are in the middle of an integration and the platform migration. So that's kind of the timing of how we see deals going forward. This is the one we continue to be focused on. You are asking, and the question is exactly what the board is going to ask senior management next week is, is this the right time to get back into -- and opportunistically repurchase our shares. We are telling you, that our recommendation to the board is, we like the flexibility of the balance sheet, and we should be entertaining all methods and modes to return cash back to our shareholders, whether it's the continuation of deleveraging and adding share repurchases, and considering a change in the regular dividend. So everything on the table, but your timing, and painfully pointing out Alex, I appreciate that, what the stock has done over the past three days, is we will make this even more of a focus next week, I can assure you.
Ed Tilly: Let me just add Alex, because it's kind of lost when look at markets like this. But all of this growth is before the migration to Bats tech. So the excitement around that globally and domestically about the enhancements and the upgrade in the performance that's expected, and the order types and order handling, we can't be more excited to introduce all of these users to new tech, and then being able to go out and appeal to those that have been waiting for our technology migration. So we think the timing, moving into the February 25th date, really couldn't be better. So with all of the eyes around the world on our VIX futures contract, and looking forward to a migration, we think the timing is great.
Ed Tilly: Chris I'd add, we referenced on the call the other day, the strategy that we have not seen wholly in the year and a half, starts in VIX options, and it's actually just the vertical trade, trading the level of VIX. And I probably didn't give a very good example the other day. But if you can imagine VIX at its historic level of 18 and the trade between 17 and 22. That's a really interesting vertical trade from an options traders perspective, it's much more so, when you are at low VIX and the options really let you trade the option change between 10 and 11 or 10 and 12. That gap becomes trading options. Those options, that gamma is [ph] hedged in VIX futures. So we haven't seen that, because we haven't had any sustained level of volatility here. So it's a trade that we have seen in years past. I would expect, that given this environment, we will see that picking up again as well.
Ed Tilly: Flat historically, we rarely remain flat, and as you point out, with inverted now, the trade back into inverted, you will see a great deal of volume moving into that trade. It's just not sustainable. Inverted term structure, is about 30% of the time, and it's not very long lasting. As is flat. So again, if you just -- if you reduce down, there has been a lot written about VIX and volatility. VIX is a pure measure of the markets, expected risk and the price of insuring a portfolio of the S&P 500, can't say that enough. And rarely, I do have a flat expectation over time, it's just not natural. When we look out over time, we are usually more uncertain over time, which is why there is that normal upward sloping curve involved. So I do think if we remain flat, some of the strategies obviously change, but they are never long lasting, from a historical perspective, and we go back into that normal shape. So I would expect, while flat, a bit muted on some of the strategies. But the trade out of that flat, is what we see coming into the marketplace, and our participants are making trades accordingly. So I would expect a return to an upward sloping curve.
Ed Tilly: Kyle, let me give you one more just to look at. We have used it in the past, and I think it's a good one to be mindful of now, and it's the effect on realized vol on your expectations on implied volatility. So this inverted shape right now is because realized is so high, and we have always said that that is an anchor, when realized volatility is low, and it's very buoyant to volatility and perceptions, when realized vol is high. So it's that relationship that's out of whack, and that relationship that tends to be the trade. So keep an eye on realized, and that will give you some guidance as to how that curve is going to change over time.
Ed Tilly: Yeah. Great question. Thanks for helping me answer the question better. So absolutely, we are very excited about the futures migration. Heads down here. February 5th is the migration. We are not only putting in a new platform, but we are creating the opportunity for new data products. We have a depth of book feed that will be coming off of our futures platform. We have a top of book feed, and we have a great deal of demand, and if you look at the chart that we showed you on the growth of the users of our CFE platform, that's also reflective of the growth of our data use. So every one of those users needs to have eyeballs on real-time data, both top of book, and now with the potential for a depth of book product, that is typically priced at a higher end price. So very excited about the opportunity with the new platform. Obviously, very excited about where the data will go. Just our bitcoin futures launch put demand on our market data in our futures product. So we think with additional futures product launches over the course of 2018, the demand for that data will continue to grow.
Ed Tilly: No. Look, in the more recent activity that we have seen, we have seen an explosion in volume in the multi-list options business. That's after several years of very muted, sometimes declined volumes. So we are excited about that recent activity. But I will tell you, in 2017, even with the platforms being worked on and a lot of focus on replatforming our futures product, we were able to deliver growth in our multi-list options. So one of the most exciting platforms that we delivered in 2017, was the complex order book on Ajax, and we have just seen record after record in our complex order book platform since the launch. And what's great about that, is that the complex order book was delivered as a production platform for our C2 platform. So that complex order book will show itself in a slightly different form in C2, but it's very exciting to see the growth of that and the opportunity that we have, when we deliver C2 with a complex order book that looks very similar.
Chris Concannon: Yeah Ed. Rich, I will just add that, as a fairly new player to the VIX complex and the SPX complex, what I have seen over the last year, is an educational effort around how to protect your portfolio from an event like Monday, and that is the primary tool that is being used, whether it's an SPX package or it's a VIX package, that the large institutional players are using. This is then -- is one of the most successful selling items for us and for our complex, because of the protection, if you were along VIX or if you were using SPX to protect your portfolio, these events are wonderful events for us and our selling efforts to add our products into people's portfolios. So I look at -- look, I am concerned about the damage caused in two funds, but when I look at the institutional holdings of those funds, these are professionals that know what they are doing, and certainly benefitted from being short in 2017, in those funds. But when you look at what we have been selling and how we have been selling it, portfolio protection is at an all time high right now, in terms of need and exposure. So that's the story that I think is missed in this. The other story is, on markets, the U.S. equity markets, the U.S. options markets and the U.S. futures markets, performed exactly as designed, and under tremendous stress, not only on Monday, but again yesterday, and unfortunately, the media doesn't print stories that we all worked exceptionally well. They only print stories when something breaks.
Chris Concannon: Sure. It's Chris, I will start with hotspot, and then we can talk about the VIX complex. The hotspot has been growing, it has been a very exciting 2017. The FX business is up 13% in revenue, in a market, that was by most measures, down the overall FX spot market, by some measures is flat to down. So we are growing in our market share, as well as in our overall notional volumes. Really, what we spent the last year working on, and it was really under Bryan Harkins efforts was, looking inside our liquidity pool and really mastering -- matching the right liquidity with the right takers, and the FX market is a lot more complicated than a straight equity market. So we have deployed a great deal of data analysis, execution quality measures, pushing them out to our clients, and the clients are really reacting to them. Only the market makers having better experience, but really the takers are finding the right liquidity in the right pair. So it's -- I would say it's the service level that we delivered, combined with upgrades in our technology. The FX technology has been upgraded from London to the New York platform, so it's running at much higher speeds with much higher turnover. I would add that the London Matching Engine has been really a driver of growth. We have always planned that the London Matching Engine would be an opportunity for growth and now we are seeing it firsthand. That was the fastest growing match for us, as it should, as we took on the competition in London. Again Reuters is only matching in the London area, so we are really attacking that London FX spot business.
Chris Concannon: Chris, this is Chris. I would just add, that when I look at the proprietary data feeds, that's really where our largest opportunity is. We are continuing to see demand from overseas in our products with a great deal of success coming out of Asia, also out of Europe. There is demand for U.S. equity, real time data, at a cost that is much lower than the competition. So we are seeing that demand come in. That demand is very focused on U.S. ETFs, as the ETF market in the U.S. continues to explode and thrive, and the products continue to do the things that they are designed to do. We are seeing international demand in inbound, not only for those products as you look at the AUM growth. But as a result of that growth, they are also demanding real-time data. So very excited about the growth opportunity in our proprietary data products in 2018.
John Deters: Rich, this is John. Further to Chris' point about really institutional players being largely in these strategies. The short VIX strategy is not going away, we have told you that. We showed you how our exposure, our direct exposure is limited. But I think it's important to point out, that already in the days since the rapid increase in VIX, we have seen AUM in the open SPXC short ETF increase from under $100 million in assets to almost $700 million -- $670 million as of yesterday. So people are rotating back into that strategy. We saw this at the end of 2015 and 2016, where the short VIX strategy increased from its low by 400% within the following year, and we are seeing it again now. What happened, is a couple issuers made a self-interested decision to redeem their notes. But what did not happen, is that people did not flee the short VIX strategy.
John Deters: Yeah Alex, this is John. So I think he perspective we can give -- I'd start with saying that the user growth has been -- apart from the outsized growth we have seen in participants in our global trading hours, otherwise I think the user base has been pretty well distributed across those categories, the market participants that Ed described in his comments. So it's very broad based. I think and this is somewhat of a guess, but I think that the percentage of those new users employing short strategies, would be just about consistent with what the short strategy employment has been in the past. And you can see this in the ebb and flow, it's just one indicator. But you see this in the ebb and flow of assets and the two strategies, long and short. The application of the two strategies changes with market environment, and so, most of these new users are institutional representatives, and they will appreciate that fact. Let me give you just a little more color on the changing composition of our market participants, particularly in the VIX futures complex. So from that same period, Q4 2015 to Q4 2017, we have seen -- if you look at the kind of ADV by origin, we split the origin into three broad buckets, customer, firm and market maker, and I am happy to explain, some of the color on what each of those mean. Firm being classic sell side, customer being sort of classic non-member buy side, and market maker being more member buy side, so think real market makers in the market, proprietary trading firms and that type. We have seen a growth of about 67% in customers, so classic buy side, really growing strongly. And then, we see growth that's similar, about 60%, a little bit less in market makers. And then firms have been fairly stable, if there is the representation from firms is just a smaller cohort of market participants. So what this all means, is that new customers, new real end users, buy side users, are coming into the VIX market. That generates activity from the market maker community, in the ratio of about three to one, so every new contract that comes in from a customer, spins out three new contracts from market makers approximately, and that's the kind of benefit of having more participants doing more business in the VIX futures market.
John Deters: This is John, I will speak to the first question on slide 27 and drilling down a little bit more. So the first part of the question was, if you could sort of expand from the short ETPs to the direct volume from short and long ETPs. The total direct volume from short and long would be more like 7%. So it's not double the percentage, the 4.4% that we showed you for the short. And in terms of the -- outside of short ETPs, the overall VIX futures volume from short strategies -- for those employing short strategies. Can't give you a precise number there. What we can say is that, there are literally a dozen or more volatility trading strategies that our market participants employ, all the way from calendar spreads and rope [ph] strategies to ARB strategies to long and short of a variety of stripes; short term short, long term short, long term long, short term long. So this is a strategy of many, and outside the ETPs, those who employ the short VIX strategy are true, true professionals. So this gets back to the point we made earlier that, the short VIX strategy is not going away. In particular, for those market participants. We have seen it already in the last couple of days since the volatility spike, and we have an event like we had earlier this week, in terms of the short VIX strategy performance. When the volatility level, when the level of VIX doubles, increases by 100%, once you increase by 100%, and you reset to historic norms, you don't increase by 100% again. So it's really an exceptional event, when the level of VIX increases doubles in a matter of just a handful of days. That's occurred, and now we are at a point where -- and professionals know this, we are at a point where the short VIX strategy tends to work quite well.
John Deters: So Chris, this is John. It's a good question. I think -- because long and short strategies tend to flip back and forth a little bit over time, I think the overall volume exposure that we wanted to, sort of the 7% combined long and short, is probably a fairly consistent number. And almost more consistent in volume terms, than it is in percentage terms. So as we grow our VIX future volume, because of penetration of new customers, overseas penetration etcetera, I am not sure, that percentage will maintain. But the volumes certainly will maintain. And I would point to -- I think, the best evidence we have, the long vol strategy returning, is the assets associated with long volatility ETPs, because that's a very transparent, and it's a daily metric. We hit a record in assets, a couple of days ago, and it's interesting to note, the last time we hit the record, was at the beginning of 2016, during this time, when the short vol strategy was hit hard, that we mentioned before. So it's predictable, when the short vol strategy hits hard, people migrate to the long vol, and we hit records there. So today, we are a little bit off that high that we had a couple of days ago in terms of assets in the long vol strategy, but we are kind of in the ballpark of $3.1 billion for the long strategy today. So clearly, those are -- it's a mathematical equation. There are dollars in the strategy, and the dollars in the strategies result in volume to CFE.
John Deters: And Chris, I'd just add the notion of -- professional traders love to trade velocity. They love to trade products that have volatility. Now we have -- if you look at 2017, with muted volatility, the vol-vol was also muted. In this environment, you have the velocity of the VIX has turned up another notch, and that becomes an attractive trade, in and of itself, regardless of short long, it's the -- the vol-vol is now a very attractive trade among professional users.
Brian Schell: Alan, if you are listening, that was Ed. So let's talk about share repurchases, I think just to make sure I got this. The share repurchase opportunity leverage and then the minimum cash balance. So if we address the share repurchase -- so, as we previously indicated, we have approximately $100 million of capacity left under our current authorization. And capital allocation is a topic we regularly discuss with our board, and the $400 million of debt reduction in 2017, really put us in a great position to continue to evaluate all of our capital allocation alternatives in 2018, including share repurchases, which is, I think more directly, your question there. And as such, with strong cash flows from 2017, our current year-to-date volumes and the incremental cash expected from the lower tax rate. Again, your capacity to deploy capital towards debt reduction, which continues to be a focus and share repurchases or incremental dividends. So like I said, it's all there on the table. As I mentioned, 2017 just put us in a great environment to evaluate it, open up all the options, and looking as a roll-in to kind of the next question about the leverage, we never -- we don't have at targeted leverage ratio, and -- but our objective was always to achieve that long term balance sheet flexibility. And so that's what -- we have always been working towards for that capital allocation of what you saw was due during 2017. And for as far as the minimum cash number, there is kind of a minimum cash, that I would say, from an operating standpoint, on the balance sheet, we tried to target, call it roughly about $80 million to $100 million at the end of the quarter, or kind of throughout the period, as we had looked for various working capital needs or any type that might happen for kind of inflows and outflows. So that's kind of a range that we kind of ballpark, as far as any incremental needs we might have during the quarter.
Brian Schell: Sure. So a couple of things; and so I don't have the detailed reconciliation from a -- we had talked about earlier. John and I talk regularly, but that's not something that we have compared tax rates on all of those items. So I can only speak more specifically to the Cboe tax rate, and as you look at kind of the corporate tax reduction of that 14% and I appreciate the 8% to 10% being more modest, I will take it every quarter, that's pretty awesome, as far as the impact on cash flows. But as I break it down at a high level, the 8% to 10% reduction, we would say that -- if we talk about the 2% to 3% bucketed towards the state impact, from both Illinois, as well as the losses from the federal benefit, you lose that, because your state rate actually goes up a little bit of how much you can actually deduct, and then section 199. And whether that was a bigger or smaller benefit to us versus anyone else, obviously, I don't know. So that's one area of potential speculation is, is how that lays out, because as you know, this is a very complex area, and it's very unique to jurisdictions and where they are reporting the income. The other -- I would put it in other bucket of a bunch of miscellaneous items, which again, will be very-very unique to each institution and each company, whether it be $162 million and whether those expenses were relative to a larger or smaller expense base or earnings base, could have a different impact. The foreign tax that I mentioned is, it could be both a mix shift, because of the different rates now. You have the new tax that was introduced, on kind of the high -- basically kind of high yield on the assets. And so that does have an impact, and I would say, that kind of makes up the remaining change of the overall tax rate impact, that gets us down to that 8 to 10 percentage points reduction.
Brian Schell: So if you think about the -- I guess the synergy and how that's built into the overall, kind of that 1% to 3% target. I noted in my remarks about the -- or call it the, the incremental expenses, that we will see, that -- while there are associated revenue line items attached to those items I mentioned, it's not necessarily a true increase to -- or excuse me, a true -- there is an offset, excuse me, on the revenue side. We typically have targeted, as we have historically, that -- I will call it a core growth rate in expenses. We are trying to limit that, call it a 3% to 5% range, and if you look at the impact of the synergies, that are actually realized, not just the run-rate, but they actually realize, because the realized numbers obviously are going to be -- some percentage of actually the run rate element, as you saw, for example, in 2017. I mean, that number, closer to call it, 75%-ish of what the run rate was and what we realized. When you factor that in, we think we are going to still be in that range of that -- call it that 3% to 5% kind of core expense run rate for the business as we roll forward. So we still tried to manage it within that parameters to say, how well are we doing, when we are trying to keep that expense line item in check.
Brian Schell: So as we kind of look over that landscape, and then obviously not going to get into a specific projection of the revenues. But we will take a couple of those items there. On market data -- and again, I think it's appropriate, and that's why we split it out, is that, yes we think there will be pressure, obviously in the equities with industry consolidation, and potentially what happens to -- at least for our share, as far as what happens to exchange trading on the equity side, as far as that kind of flowing out. That the proprietary growth, while I can't project if certainly, that's going to have the same success rate, we do see continued momentum there. We do see continued growth on the proprietary side, and as far as the access fees, that's another opportunity where we see, that that's something that -- and it continued to have some positive opportunity, as we rationalize across the exchanges, and the services that we offer. So we do think, while it's going to come under pressure, because of just the pure size of the SIP, and that's not going to grow or -- as far as -- what it has in the past. That will have a little bit of a drag on, I will call it the non-transaction revenue category, even pulling out the regulatory fees, which I would kind of separate that out, as you look at the core, kind of non-transaction fees, as far as those -- kind of part of that offering. So we do see some pockets of growth heading into 2018.
