Alan J. Dean: Wow, Rich, okay. Rich, if you look at where we were through 2 quarters, we're actually at the high end of our guidance if you annualized the 2 quarter results. We had a good third quarter, primarily driven to reduction in legal fees and outside services. And although I wish I could predict with high degree of certainty what legal fees would be month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter, that's impossible. It depends on a lot of things and including litigation activity and other things. So I think the range that we've given the expense range is a good range, and that's where I expect to end up for the year.
Alan J. Dean: Well, first of all, revenue per contract declined a little bit in this quarter compared to prior quarters, and that's primarily driven by a slight increase in market share. So that meant more of our customers were able to take advantage of our VIP program. So that's a good thing. I still do believe that revenue per contract in the multi-list category will continue its decline, although no one in the industry has made any significant fee changes since we responded to a competitor back in February. And I think we made another change in March. So everybody is still kind of holding firm. Now the last part of your question, are there opportunities to increase revenue per contract? There may be. Our fee schedule, unfortunately, is very complex, very long. We'll look for opportunities, but we won't be doing anything that we think will alienate our customers or endanger our business. So we constantly look for opportunities. I'm hopeful we'll find some. I wish I could be more specific with you, but that's all I can say right now.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, I have $50 million, $40 million to $60 million as a kind of a range. I said it would be a minimum cash level for CBOE, and I still feel that way. And that low level is because we do generate so much cash on a consistent basis. And we do focus on returning capital to stockholders. And our first objective is to make sure we invest -- reinvest in our business as necessary. And then after that, regular dividends. We'd like to see that regular dividend grow along with our business. And we've been able to do that since our IPO 3 years ago. And most recently, 20% increase in our dividend from $0.15 to $0.18 per share back in August. And -- nothing is off the table in terms of what we might do to return cash to stockholders. Special dividend, we did a special dividend that was tax related about 1 year ago, but I know our board would look at that as a possibility going forward, as an alternative. Also, I -- what's not off the table is a variable dividend, like the other companies have done. I think we've looked at that all. Thirdly, we could look at some sort of acceleration of our stock repurchase program. And so the theme here is that we remain committed to returning cash to our stockholders. And we'll -- we aren't ruling out any of the different ways we could do that.
Alan J. Dean: Ed, if I can jump in and expand on what you said. Although we're still in the planning stages for 2014, preliminary indications are that we will increase our capital expenditures next year as compared to this year. As we look for ways to further harden our systems, we are committed to doing everything we can to improve our performance and liability. And although I can't be specific right now on what that may mean in terms of dollars, I felt that given the question, I should tell you how it's looking right now for 2014.
Alan J. Dean: Niamh, yes, so Russell, I think is exciting, as I pointed out in the prepared remarks. Really a different investor base. So Russell, as it concentrates the small cap of slightly higher volatility, as you would imagine, a much broader base and representative group of small cap stocks. So the investor base is different by definition. With that, we think there's always an opportunity in launching a new contract with the same methodology, the same tradable contract and methodology as S&P 500 mix. We'll get traders who not only want to isolate the volatility risk in Russell, but also allow for the trading between Russell volatility and S&P 500 volatility, much the same way you may trade S&P 500 versus Russell. So there's a natural user base just looking to hedge, take positions in Russell vol which will be different than the S&P 500, and then the pairs trade, the ability to trade Russell vol against S&P 500 vol.
Alan J. Dean: So it'll roll out much the same way as we've done with other new contracts. So we'll launch, as we said, the futures in November 18. Jane Street will be our DPM in the futures. And then the options launch on December 2, Group One, same DPM, same specialists as our S&P 500. So we'll have a natural center of liquidity providers here at CBOE. The same physical trading pit for options and, of course, the futures will be all electronic. So we're able to go out as institutional marketing guys able to go out and tell an additional story, another chapter in the volatility evolution in trading and being able to introduce small cap vol.
Alan J. Dean: Sure. I'll start with the extended trading hours. It's most recent. And then since Russell is coming up end of month and then this phase 2 of extended trading hours, Monday, let's start with extended trading hours that we launched this week. We watched eagerly to see not only the volume, which is very transparent to all of you. But from our perspective, what kind of customer base, liquidity providers have we attracted in the very earliest stages of our two-phase extended trading hours, and we're pleased to see about 1/3, a little more than 1/3 of our current Futures users engaging with us in that first extended trading hours. And the contract the volume you're all able to see, and we couldn't be more pleased with starting at around 500 contracts on our first day and darn near 1,700 contracts yesterday afternoon so [Audio Gap] optimistic looking to next week beginning with our 2 a.m. launch. So we will be keeping tabs on the users, and you'll be able to see the volume as it trades because, of course, all that's real time on our website. So that's the first and second phase of the rollout of extended trading hours. I think with SPXpm, I'll turn over to Ed, as we really have historically looked at the entire complex of the SPX and couldn't be more pleased where we are. But I'll turn it over to Ed for SPX.
Alan J. Dean: This is Alan. Specifically, on your royalty fee question. You're correct. We had a rate increase going into effect related to Standard & Poor's in March of this year, and we talked about that before. Standard & Poor's is not the only license agreement that we have. We have a number of them, including other exclusive agreements, semi-exclusive and nonexclusive agreements. And so the mix of products that we trade could impact the relationship between royalty fees and index volume. And -- but I think the metric that we talked about in the past, which is the relationship between index line and royalty fees, is about the best that I can come up with right now to help you look at those for the future. I don't have anything that -- anything better right now, and so mix is the driver in variances from that metric. So let me give you a little -- an answer to the second part of the question, what do we anticipate fixed return to normal historic levels and what would that user base look like? I think it's important as you referenced in the past, and then we overlay that with the VIX user base and how that's changed, and it's changed interestingly in a relatively low volatility market. We've been able to attract, obviously, a much broader user base even at low levels of volatility. VIX futures really started off as a hedge for VIX options traders. VIX options traders tended to be professionals. You can look at the evolution of the contract with the introduction of ETNs and how that's become much more retail. So the user base of a tradable volatility contract has changed albeit in a very low less than historical -- historic level of volatility. What I think is exciting is we of late picked up the more high-frequency trader or the day trader, and that is in also a low level of market volatility. But what we see in months and earlier part of the month of October, primarily, is those day traders and those high-frequency traders really turn up their interest in volatility, as volatility has a higher vol. So what do I mean by that? Current historical level of VIX volatility is about 116. That's low. That's low. VIX volatility is historically higher. So we think we'll increase the interest from high-frequency traders and day traders if we return to a more historic level of volatility. So I think there's more growth to come from that group.
Alan J. Dean: Let me add. This is Alan, Chris. Fortunately, we become less and less dependent, it seems, each quarter on the revenue that we derive from those single-name option transaction fees. So I agree with everything Ed said, but I want to make sure you keep that focus as well.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, let me just add, I have the numbers in front of me, Ken. The third quarter in futures, the volume was down. We averaged 180,000 contracts per day in the second quarter this year, 148,000 in the third quarter. But October now, which we finished yesterday, obviously, we averaged 182,000 contracts per day in our futures and the VIX futures for October. So there's a lot of factors that'll drive volume, but we think we're still on that hockey stick curve.
Alan J. Dean: No, no, the comp shouldn't vary. That's where we think we do a pretty good job of that throughout the year, so I don't see any fluctuations coming out of that or -- the things that are really hard for me to predict and as many times a surprise for me from quarter-to-quarter or for month-to-month is things like legal fees, things that I can't -- although, I, of course, talked to our legal department and what they're using outside law firms. But if the rates that were -- that outside law firms can charge, that can add up pretty quick. So there's a number of things that I cannot predict with the level of certainty that I would like. And if I wind up for the year in the middle of the expense range, that would be good as far as I'm concerned.
Alan J. Dean: Sure, I don't think the board has really changed its view on capital allocations at all, how we get cash back to our shareholders. The reason why maybe I talked about a little bit more is because cash is building up on our balance sheet. So if the board is committing -- committed to returning excess cash to shareholders, then you have to do something. And so either increase the rate that we're doing share repurchases or a special or variable, that's the reason why you -- it may sound like I'm saying that they're more open to it. They still prefer regular dividends, seeing those grow with our businesses, stock repurchases, making sure we have enough money to invest in our business as needed, that's their preferred path, but nothing is off the table. And again, the overarching foundation of this is returning excess cash to shareholders. That hasn't changed.
Alan J. Dean: That was early September. Debbie was helping me. So we were out of the market for a long time. It wasn't a July 1 start. So I think what we did, we were, of course, we're opportunistic on how we buy back our stock, but I think we're pretty aggressive as well.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, it's tied to our quarterly earnings review and release cycle is -- so last week, our board met. Right after the board met at that meeting, they approved the dividend for the quarter. Press release came out. Our finance and strategy committee meets the day before of the board meeting. They talked about it. So the kind of the cycle that would be tied to the dividend announcement in the future is what I'd expect to happen in the future. That's what has happened in the past. Things could change, but that's the way I see it right now.
Edward L. Provost: Dan, Ed Provost. Thanks for the question. Sure, we have, this year, following our issues back in April, been very, very focused on reviewing our procedures for software development testing, hardware configurations and the procedures we employed for rolling over to our DR, if that would be necessary. We were active participants in Chair White's conference in Washington on September 12, out of which came 5 different working groups. We are active participants in all of those, looking at national market systems to ensure that there's no single point of failure in the national market system. So we're actively participating both in the broader national effort and also looking internally at everything we do to ensure that we can minimize, if not eliminate, any kinds of technology issues in the future. I'm sure Alan would agree. We will make the necessary investments to ensure that we have the most stable systems in the business. We're committed to do doing that and feel like we have made great progress this year in that regard.
Edward L. Provost: So Howard, thank you for the question. So SPXpm, you will recall, is a product we introduced as a monthly exploration sometime back. And with the great success we have in the SPX Weeklys, which themselves are p.m. settled, we kind of looked that this is an overall SPXpm complex with great success or attributable to the weekly contract than the XSPpm monthly contracts. But ironically, this month of October, we had record levels of open interest in trading volume in the SPX monthly. So we continue to be very pleased with the PM-settled SPX contracts, both the monthly expirations and the Weekly. So we're very, very happy with our progress and to continue to promote those products.
Edward L. Provost: Thanks, Ken. Ed Provost. So we've often referred to VIX in more in line of what our analysts and the community who are focused on VIX have referred to, to say global proxy for market volatility, and we had a very, very active quarter visiting with our current and potential customers globally. In fact, we were at 50 office visits with pension funds, hedge funds, private and public endowments and the like in areas ranging from São Paulo, Brazil; to Toronto; Atlanta; Chicago; New York; San Francisco; Lisbon, of course, with our RMC; Geneva; London; Monte Carlo, where there's a big hedge fund conference. The global demand for volatility products and the understanding of how those products can be used is really unrelenting. We note that in Australia, the -- one of our 9 exchanges that have licensed the VIX methodology began trading futures on VIX. So we're very excited about the global interest in trading volatility and the demand to understand how they can improve returns and manage risk using VIX products. Your earlier question as to what percentage of our business comes from outside the United States is an educated guess in our part. We estimate in the area of 20% to 25%, really don't know that with great certainty because we don't know the access of the clearing records at that level of detail. But certainly, among all of our products, the VIX product has the greatest interest from overseas. We're pleased with some progress we've made with our London Hub. We have 4 extranet providers who have already connected to that. And as Ed pointed out earlier, although the after-hours -- extended trading hours, we believe, will be more domestic users, we very much look forward to the interest in our 2 a.m. session, which starts next week.
Edward L. Provost: Chris, Ed Provost. So clearly, the single equity names market has -- is the most mature of all of the option products. I think it's reflective of general volume levels in the equities and futures markets. In fact, the options markets relative to those other markets did not see the drop-off. We still think, through our educational efforts, both those employed by CBOE and by the options industry in general, will broaden the user base for options. But to a large extent, the future volume levels in the single-name equities is going to be tied to general volume levels in the equities markets themselves. We feel confident that the small investor is trickling back into the market as index levels have risen and volatility has continued to be low. So we continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth of the basic option product.
Edward T. Tilly: And Dan, I would just wrap that up by saying there is an SEC rulemaking document out there, called Reg SCI. Ultimately, that will dictate what exchanges need to do in these areas, and we'll look forward to seeing how that gets resolved in the long run. We have commented on it as have others in the industry. So it will be a great focus by the whole securities industry on technology and stability and eliminating some of the issues we had as an industry in 2013.
Edward T. Tilly: And then back, as we look a little bit further down the path, of course, we couldn't be more excited to have been able to share at our Europe RMC, the launch -- pending launch, assuming we have regulatory approval of our short-term volatility contracts. So that's pretty exciting when you look at, from a trader's perspective, being able to really isolate short-term moves and vol and assumptions, and being able to trade just a different part of the volatility curve some time we are hopeful of first quarter. So excited of what we see in new products, but I can't pass the opportunity to remind you that we still think the growth in VIX and the expansion adoption of trading VIX and volatility as a tradable class. I'm just so excited about what we see in the pipeline, be able to touch new users, both domestically and internationally.
Edward T. Tilly: Yes. I think I'd want to follow up. Ed mentioned the Australia market and trading the ASX 200 VIX contract. What that does for us globally, Ken, is really raise the awareness of trading volatility as an asset class, separating that risk component called volatility and be able to trade it. It is the same methodology we trade for S&P 500 VIX, the Russell VIX and as Ed pointed out, 9 total exchanges with a license. So as the Australian market becomes more and more aware and focused on the ability to trade volatility, they can't help but look at the global benchmark of volatility that we have here at CBOE and the S&P 500. So again, like Russell, we'll introduce the opportunity to trade pairs volatility trading. You can trade Australia volatility against U.S. So that only helps raise the awareness of volatility when we do have an endorsement on our methodology by foreign markets. And then you said branching out a little bit more, and remind you that last quarter, we announced working with the CME on bringing the 10-year interest rate volatility contract to market. We're still working on that. That's in the pipeline, and I should have mentioned this at the last question on what's in the pipeline. So very, very exciting. That runs the spectrum of users even to a new group to CBOE.
Edward T. Tilly: So let's -- because it's -- not everyone is familiar and uses these volatility terms like we do, we kind of take a lot for granted. So first, why don't we just, real quickly, what is VXST? It is a measure of 9-day implied volatility S&P 500. You're dead on on that. So the products -- and what is a little different I think is really key. So when we list the short-term volatility contract, we'll have expirations every Wednesday that's settled into the SPX Weekly 9 days following. So for example, next Wednesday is the 6th, VXST would use SPX options expiring February -- November 15. On November 13, there'll there be an expiration, and we'll use the Friday, November 22 Weeklys. So that's the tie in with the Weekly contract. What VXST is not is the same as the Weekly contract on VIX, which is a 30-day number. So really, it's a brand-new index that's responsive to moving some changes in short-term volatility. So the user base we're able to attract, those current users who are looking out 30 days and want to pinpoint volatility risk in their portfolio shorter term and we're going to use those Weekly contracts. So similar to the expansion that we've seen in bringing new users to the S&P 500 complex in the Weekly contract, similarly, we think we'll find users who just want short-term volatility exposure. So that's kind of the way it works. Now can we predict 25% penetration? I don't know that we would do that at this point, but it is that trajectory, that adaptation and bringing in new users that we're really all about. Some small cannibalization, we think that's fine, but really, at the end of the day, it'll be a growth story and our ability to attract new short-term traders to a volatility complex.
Edward T. Tilly: And I think what is -- Ed Tilly now. What is CBOE's role then in trying to promote in -- at the growth -- historical growth that Ed mentioned in the product is for CBOE, we still very much believe in the being front and center and leader in options education. We spend a great deal of time web-based and in-classroom, and so we are committed to carrying the majority of that effort for the industry and are optimistic at what we see in both online education and in-class education.
Edward T. Tilly: Let me, Ken, Ed Tilly. Actually, we're -- October for us was second busiest month. So while the quarter might have been better than you're referring to, we are very optimistic, as Alan pointed out, the way we've started this fourth quarter with October volume in both VIX futures and options. So we couldn't be more pleased with the uptick. You mentioned the high-frequency traders, and my response in earlier question was, when volatility increases, we see that new user group really engaging and driving that volume, both futures and options. So yes, the things that we have in Q allow us to attract more and new existing users and new users to the complex, and it's just going to be through a heightened awareness of what this contract affords hedgers and day traders. But that's really the kind of way you see it. So coming off of October, I'm actually very, very encouraged by the volume.
Edward T. Tilly: Sure. It's Ed Tilly. Open interest, we've had a couple of conversations on this, and certainly it came up last quarter and we've certainly looked at open interest. But VIX is a bit different. It's really a tactical tool, not really a buy-and-hold investment. So traders tend to get in and out of positions in response to changing volatility levels. We actually have an index, the tail risk hedge index, that we try to prescribe certain levels of volatility exposure based on the level of volatility. So you would see it at historical low volatility that we find ourselves today that we prescribe trading, let's say, X amount of volatility and having that in your portfolio. And as volatility rises, we suggest leveling off. And when volatility is really picking up, we have suggest that you lighten the exposure to volatility. So that's pretty normal for us to see volatility open interest move around. Also I'd point out that expiration cycles tend to lower the open interest in volatility. But if we look through the month of October, for example, which was very, very busy, and we began the month of October about 350,000 contracts in open interest. As we said, record month, but we'll close the month at about 367,000 contracts in open interest. So relatively flat. And if we look to the expiration date, that was a low. So nothing unusual really when we look at open interest, and we just recognized that the contract acts a little different than a buy-and-hold contract would.
Edward T. Tilly: Well, the HFT, we know, tend not to build open interest. They are in the day trader category. So open-close same day, not building open interest. Customers and hedgers tend to be those that are building the open interest in the low levels of historic volatility and the ones that we would see, and actually expect to be selling as volatility increases much the way we saw that trip from front month volatility in October moving from 14.5% up to 19.5% or 20%. Not unusual the hedge worked. Couldn't be a better illustration of the power of volatility and exposure to volatility in a market, where overall uncertainty this happened to be around government inaction having a volatility exposure in your portfolio actually pay off. So not surprising that we saw that fluctuation inter-month. As I said, right around expiration low point, but building back up toward the end of the month of where we began October 1.
