Ed Tilly: Yes, thanks Rich, great question. So 6 and 7 are exactly to your point. The difference is you look at that spike and in the prepared remarks really happened in a short period of time and did not give the market time to adjust in an orderly way as risk was being repriced. So yes, those two charts warn just a big spike and the difference and then the term structure difference as a result. What’s different this time aside from a 30 or 40 day reprising risk going forward is the shift in the term structure in the back months. That indicates to us that the market is saying that the events that caused the correction in October, that 11% correction or so, we’re not through that information. We haven’t digested all that information yet. So Fed language around rates going forward haven’t fully absorbed what that means, elections and the outcome and the uncertainty around a shift perhaps in partisan power. Trade talks and the President's continuing making comments in the marketplace around trade, we don’t know, the market is saying, I haven’t seen past these events, I’m shifting the cost of risk over time. That is a more sustainable and orderly adjustment to the market. What we then look for and what we hear from our customers are a shift from, hey, I’m going to capture roll down premium as a normal market environment to, I mean strategies that will employ strategies at an elevated VIX level between 17 and 22. What am I going to do differently this time that I wouldn’t have done in a spike scenario in February? So we think that this is a much more healthy move in the market, more sustainable and the months to come as certainly returns to the marketplace perhaps we’ll see another shift in the VIX term structure. But for now, I think that this uncertainty an elevated follows here to stay. Let me go one more step into the weaves and if we look at single stock volatility, single stock volatility is at a really a high we haven’t seen since August of 2015. What does that imply? Correlations are low and individual stocks that worry about EPS has raised volume. So the entire marketplace is in a higher volatility environment than it has been in the past. Hope that helps Rich.
Ed Tilly: Sure, so really I think you laid it out right. If you look at the different products and what are the users doing, I think in VIX options we saw a great monetization of long haul positions that have been put on in the months prior to October. Again hedging, using the increase in large VIX trades that we saw basically after the last earnings call, what a great time to monetize those positions. So we saw a lot of that in the VIX option complex. We also see just the outright buying of VIX puts, this is a mean reverting contract and a term structure that is in backwardation which is really on not a normal state. So we see a lot of the outright buying and puts and saying look at I am going to take a position and just selling this asset that seems to be elevated well beyond its mean. So that's a difference that we had not seen over the last quarter. SPX options to your point are - this is the easiest market to monetize a hedge in SPX options. Not surprisingly, you've seen the open and close in the range and even the overnight range. That makes it really, really a market that's easy to monetize hedging positions in SPX. And then in the VIX futures, again, if you look at VIX options just look at the asset class vol when we're in this backwardation selling that front month is a strategy. VIX is beyond, VIX futures are above its mean taking a position we see our customers doing just that, and then also rolling out of that front month into back month when back month is cheaper. So, there's a lot of strategies that we have not seen over the last quarter that our customers are employing now. As for the mix shift, SPX has continued to grow all year and VIX options have really picked up what we did to everybody 800,000 contracts in October. That's pretty remarkable return to VIX option strategies. So all in all the complex is very healthy, but we will see that rotation in and out of SPX and VIX as market conditions and expectations of risk change.
Ed Tilly: We haven't got there yet, we're still. You're right. These last three or four days of an upward move in the market has lessened the backwardation. We'll, go to flat, flat if you recall from the last earnings call is the most uncertain market from a trader's perspective, really no long lasting opinion on vol. The difference this time again back to Rich's question is the shift in the back month. We think that the market's saying the uncertainty is sustainable. So again strategies around 17 to 22 will become really interesting and we think we'll hear a lot about that in our risk management conferences in the next few months as opposed to roll down premium strategies from front month 13 and mid-month up in 15 and 16.
Ed Tilly: All right, it’s a great question. We're very excited about our opportunity in Europe. It took us several years and hundreds of thousands of man hours to build out our method solutions and our partnership with BIDS was built out took us at least a year to build that strategy out. So it would take substantial investment by the competition in Europe to build out all of the various offerings that we have that provide literally MiFID solutions for our members. And that's part of the growth that we're seeing in Europe, but also the continued growth is in our LIS exchange book we're seeing higher market share, at higher capture rates as well. So, in terms of MiFID's overall goal of moving flow from the over-the-counter market to the exchange market, that has been successful and we're seeing and feeling the benefits of that. I don't see many of our competitor, I'll call it our exchange competitors with offerings any new offerings that will come into the market. Many of them have offerings that compete with our products while we continue to grow market share against those offerings, so our large in scale offering or periodic auction, they are our alternatives in the market and we continue to grow against those alternatives. So we're excited about Europe. We do have as Ed mentioned on his prepared remarks, we do have a Brexit strategy laying in wait. We can execute when we get clarity around Brexit. But we feel good about even with a Brexit, a hard Brexit we'll be prepared with our method strategy to go forward.
Ed Tilly: And then I think specifically to the second part of the question, we've always anticipate that the greatest increase in revenue will come from new customers and the expansion of adoption of our products going forward rarely, and I can't even historically I look back that we don't count on our growth coming from a pricing power certainly, but even from the movement upward in price it really is further adoption.
Ed Tilly: I think it's a great question and before I turn it over to Chris just on the business development plan going forward. I think if you look at the easiest conversion for us are those that already employ basic overwrite strategy. When I say those, these are not small individual customers, but rather they are funds that already are engaged in the SPX complex. That is really - the lowest hanging fruit for a conversion into and recognizing the benefits of having a multi approach and strategy to hedging, one that doesn't involve direct hedging into a ball complex and not just the SPX. We've talked about that rotation, but that's the easiest. So we're really talking about advisors and really in the insurance industry that has S&P 500 exposure embedded in many of the contracts. Those are the easiest to convert because they get the power and the utility of derivatives to begin with.
Ed Tilly: So this ED, let me start with that and spikes actually is the contract that you’re referring to that that Bats was going to bring to the marketplace. But really as the recognized leader in listed volatility trading with our futures contract it's a bit puzzling this late in the game after an approval what exactly the VIX, I'm sorry, the spikes contract would be using for hedge. There is not a futures contract, so that's not the first time in the industry that there's a VIX lookalike introduced to the marketplace. We've got very successful ETP products we commented on that earlier. Hedging in those ETP products really it fuels our VIX futures complex today. So if there's any success in spikes absence futures contract, I would expect hedging to incur in our VIX futures complex similar to ETPs.
Ed Tilly: We're all for our customers recognize the utility of mixing in volatility into their hedging strategies I think we will benefit as a result.
Chris Concannon: Sure, it's Chris, I’ll take that. So with regard to the SIP I think we’ve always mentioned that the SIP is relatively flat to down over the last ten years actually. So we don’t look at the SIP as a growth engine of market data revenue. Obviously fluctuations of market share does determine our share of the SIP based on the SIP formula, so as market share moves the sharing of the revenue in the SIP will move with it. Now in higher vol. we tend to see a higher market share for the exchanges versus the over-the-counter market and that can lead to higher revenue as a result of the formula and sharing of the SIP revenue. Looking at our market data across the entire complex and I'm including our FX strategy, our European strategy, our future strategy, our proprietary product strategy, and equities, we are looking at a very competitively priced market data offering with multiple types of offering from top a book [ph] to depth of book [ph] products all of which are in large demand by our clients and priced we think highly competitive in the market. So it's really a growth strategy by adding users not a pricing strategy unlike some other competitors that we see in this space. So we continue to use the competitively priced offering that we have both in equities and options and we see hopefully adding users as a result of those competitive prices.
Chris Concannon: Yes, and this Chris. I'll just add that not only did we see a record VIX futures month in October, but we're also seeing growth in the ETP complex during the month of October. So we're growing AUM in that complex as well as seeing added futures volume in the complex and really comparing October and higher vol that we've seen versus February. February was like a bird strike, it was a real spike in the VIX complex that is much harder for traders to handle versus a much more orderly increase in VIX throughout the month of October.
Chris Concannon: Yes, I would just add, when we look at Europe and our growth opportunity we're fairly excited about our current user base in the VIX complex. We just had a risk management conference in September in Dublin, where we got to have intimate conversations with those users and some of our new users in the complex and they were unfazed by the February events. And really looking at the end of a bull market a true 10 year bull market and looking to put on hedges on their portfolio and lock in some of the long years of return. So, very encouraged by our growth opportunities throughout Europe and some of the current users in Europe.
Chris Concannon: Hey Ken, it's Chris. I'll take that question. I appreciate the question, a little bit sensitive about the word pricing power. We certainly don't exercise pricing power in the market data world. We offer a very competitively priced product. If you're, I think you're referring to some of the pricing moves that we've made this year across our complex. We have made some pricing moves in equities where we certainly don't have any pricing power and our market share declines that you've seen in 2018 are a result of us not moving price, not moving on capture, but we have had the benefit of higher volumes and higher revenue across our active equities complex. If you look at our recent pricing in VIX futures and our recently announced pricing in VIX futures for customers, the customer range, we did make some adjustments in our VIX futures complex. Those adjustments have been optimal for us in terms of repricing a number of our clients that we're on an old pricing schedule on putting in tiers, so people have incentives and we've seen the benefit of those incentives certainly in October. And the recent pricing for customers was really trying to match our customer fee schedule to our member fee schedule introducing frequent trader. So, some of our larger clients, our larger customers will have incentives volume incentives that are built in similar to our member fees.
Chris Concannon: And if you look at our VIX option strategy, where we compete aggressively with the over the counter market, the swap market in particular, we have repriced to capture large blocks. We did that in 2017. We continue to look at that opportunity. We've had the benefit of that pricing here in both October and now in November. So we are using price as a leverage to increase volume and not leverage to increase our capture.
Chris Concannon: So great question, because we've put a lot of work into this area, really focused on increasing the liquidity of the auction. When we looked at the liquidity in the auction earlier in the year we wanted to increase not only the participation of our members but also the levels of liquidities that they were providing into the auction. Most of our work was around transparency in the auction, where the imbalance information was being disseminated, how it was being disseminated, and then putting in place certain rules that we worked closely with the SEC on to ensure that clarity around our market makers participation and providing liquidity into the auction. Providing offsets to published imbalances was a key, and so not only did we work on the transparency of the imbalance, but also rules that assisted our market makers to come in and offset those imbalances. We've seen, what I'll call healthy settlement auctions over the last several months as a result of some of these moves and as a result really the most material change was moving SPX to hybrid and providing for an electronic market maker offering where we saw more market makers moving in with streaming prices during the auction, so that that was a huge assist to the liquidity that we needed in the auction. And with respect to what's coming, the largest change to our auction will come with the migration to the C1 platform where we will be using Bats technology to run the auction. We'll be publishing the specs and discussing those recent changes in the coming future, but we think the enhancements that we've made to our liquidity and our liquidity providers has helped a great deal in the most recent auctions.
Chris Concannon: Great, it's great question, so as it's a healthy balance of growing share and charging for people to show up to put share on your platform. So we've had a, I can think a very healthy balance of trying to grow share and making our platforms attractive as far as they compared to some of the other platforms in this space and you have to appreciate that we are doing migrations at the same time. So when it comes to charging for non transaction revenue we're very sensitive, when we're trying to have our clients migrate platforms. So we've been hesitant to be very aggressive in the non-transaction space in options while we go through these very large migrations. With regard to the transaction fees, we made a decision to whole price and not be as competitive on price. And we've seen some market share decline in the multi list options space, but that's obviously offset by higher volumes and higher capture. So we were happy with our strategy in our multi list options business as we did reap the benefits of the higher volumes that we're seeing in 2018 as compared to 2017. But again you have to appreciate we're in a migration strategy here in 2018 going into 2019 and we've been very cautious on how we're charging for not only market data, but also access to those platforms.
Chris Concannon: I mean, I think that it’s we are dependent on our relationship with our bank partners. They are a wonderful sales force in the VIX complex, in the vault complex, so we will continue to rely on our bank partners in the distribution of the product. But we have taken a direct distribution. We do think it's critical to our long term strategy to have direct distribution, so whether it's here in the U.S. talking to pension funds, insurance companies or even the consultants that are employed by those pension funds, we are now actively engaged in conversations with those users. When you go and look at Europe we are having direct dialogue with the end users throughout Europe. It's a wonderful opportunity for us because we are talking to the same institutional clients with our large in scale offering through our partnership with BIDS. So we are establishing direct relationships for both equities and now our VIX complex and our SPX complex in Europe and so it is a direct sale. We do that sale with our bank partners. They ultimately are bringing the products to our exchanges but we are now engaged in the direct sale of our products to the end user.
Chris Concannon: Great, thanks. Great question. I was expecting a market data question, so I might be prepared. So yes as you point out this is a long running debate. This debate goes back over a decade and it has been obviously engaged at the commission level and with our clients. It likely won’t be resolved in the near term because of the litigation that's involved NASDAQ and NYC litigation is underway already, so it could take several years to resolve the specific market data debate. So we have a long road ahead. As you think about it, SIFMA was hired by large investment banks, by HFTs by dark pool operators, internalizers, people that compete directly with us to challenge all of our filings or a handful of our filings, those challenges were quite random. While half of the filings were market data related, the other half were largely related to access services and products that we offer connectivity on. Some of those filings included filings that actually lowered fees and some of them include filings that we had no fees associated with it. In fact some of our filings were renaming products specifically. So as we look at it we sit in a fairly unique industry, I've spent most of my career in the exchange space. It's quite laughable when I hear someone say it's not a competitive space, it's a space where you have your own competitors, can see what you're doing through SEC filings, you have your regulator that can influence what your strategic direction is. You have your largest clients, competing against you by offering dark pool and internalization strategies. And you have your largest clients every five to eight years introducing a new consortium an exchange or a new consortium to directly compete against you. So when you think about a brute ECN [ph] back in 2002 and Bats itself was a consortium, Direct Edge was a consortium, Philadelphia Stock Exchange was a consortium, NSX was a consortium. So you can see there's random new entry into this space and the Justice Department ironically finds the level of competition to be fierce and approves the consolidation of exchanges on a regular basis. So you’d really have to be an ostrich with your head in the sand to conclude that there was no competition in this space. As I think about the roundtable, the roundtable was actually quite helpful because it was the first time really in the debate where the exchanges were able to provide unique information and data that really laid out the competitive offerings of these products and really the optionality of many of the products that the clients have. So I thought the roundtables were helpful for the exchanges given the unique information that was provided. Ironically, much of the data that we are able to provide will assist NASDAQ in New York in laying out their groundwork for their litigation that there is in fact competitive pressures on price and on the offering. And now if you take a step back and look at the economic rents involved here, you have some of the largest investment banks having record revenues, you have some of the largest brokers enjoying record earnings and margins as a result of consolidation and you have with higher volatility HFT's enjoying unique margin growth as a result. So when you look at our fees, really what the analogy that comes to mind is a bunch of golfers sitting around drinking gin and tonics complaining about the tips they have to pay the caddies at the Country Club. So it's a unique debate that we're having given the economic rents that our clients are enjoying in this quarter. So when I take a step back and look at this, this is a debate that will continue, a debate that will go on and on, and my answer has gone on longer than necessary. Ed is starting to look like Rip Van Winkle at this point, so I'll end it right there.
Chris Concannon: It's a great question, one that we are careful about. When you think about the pricing that we have in our offering, we are one of the most competitively priced exchanges in the space. Our prices are lower than the competition. Many of the filings that have been challenged where we had no price and we are offering a small price increase for the first time. So when I think about our offering, when I think about the size of our markets and the efficiencies that we provide, I'm confident that our clients aren't terribly offended by our taking a position that we have some rights to charge for these offerings. Recently we're able to get a product offering through the SECs process approach for that is a wonderful offering for our options clients and our options market makers. It is priced and it's priced competitively, but it allows for risk management, buying options, market maker, a critical risk management for an options market maker. So, many of our offerings were offerings that were provided by client demand, priced very reasonable. I think we were caught up in what was really a SIFMA challenge of all exchange filings across the board somewhat indiscriminately. So when I think about the battle, it's a battle of exchanges that are trying to defend their ability to price product. But it is as you pointed out a battle with some of our largest clients, but we're very confident in the competitively priced products that we offer on the transaction side and on the non-transaction side.
Chris Concannon: Sure, it's a great question and one that was obviously the roundtable spent a lot of time talking about. As I think about the SIP, you have a congressionally required offering through statute that the SEC has to wrestle with and will wrestle with for years to come. It would require major SEC rule writing to change the structure of the SIP that's one option. The second option is, the industry and the exchanges come to the table and achieve some compromise on a new structure whether it's new offerings within the SIP or structure of the governance of the SIP, that would require all the exchanges to file NMF [ph] filings under the plan for the SIP, so each exchange would have to agree to that, those new structures and make filings. I think there is an opportunity to do something on the SIP. We had for a long time been expressing our willingness to be very flexible with regard to the SIP governance. Certainly if you'll listen to the roundtable, there was I think an openness among the exchanges to think about adding additional information to the SIP or thinking of new ways to structure the SIP. So I do think I'm encouraged by exchanges coming to the table and making offerings of compromise in light of, what I'd call a fairly public attack on exchanges that is coming from DC. And so, I do think there's an opportunity for compromise on SIP structure down the road. Unfortunately, the litigation puts us all in a position where it's difficult to negotiate when you're involved in litigation which could take many years.
Chris Concannon: No, not necessarily, but if you're involved in litigation, you're going to be very cautious where you compromise with the same parties that are filing briefs against you in litigation. So I do think, it's a difficult time and if there are continued public assaults on the exchanges, it's hard for us to come to the table feeling in the mood of compromise. And so, I think we're in a difficult time. I think we’re passing the difficult time when it comes to public debate and hopefully go behind closed doors and have an open dialogue around SIP structure and things that we can do creatively on the SIP. Again, I don’t think any of the exchanges except maybe IEX who is new to the SIP, looks at that revenue and thinks it’s a long term growth driver for our businesses and the SIPs are moving it faster speeds than ever before, so when it comes to this notion that there is a two tiered market, there is really not when you’re talking about SIPs moving at 30 mics again that’s faster than IEX moves, so the SIPs are faster than IEX. So I think, when we think about the two tier market it doesn’t exist at that level. But again, I think the exchanges expressed a willingness to compromise, I’m encouraged by that. I just hope that the public assault gets turned down a notch.
Chris Concannon: I think there's only going to be more VIX lookalikes that doesn't raise any concerns for us. We benefited by the adoption in any and in a variety of ways to volatile exposure.
Chris Concannon: I think I read it. So Rich, it is a great question. Look, if you think about the way exchanges are regulated in the U.S., it is a fairly unique business model unlike most businesses. We have a standard pricing and a standard model that we have to deliver in a single exchange license. The SEC has really never allowed unique pricing by client and really never allowed unique structures within the exchange, same exchange model. So we are building exchanges for certain client demands, certain market models and certain pricing models by exchange and that's really part of the development of exchanges. Obviously the SEC chose to introduce Reg MS [ph] and its top of book protection and that has certainly influenced the value of introducing another exchange on top of a single exchange model. So as exchanges consolidate, they don't migrate on to one platform and one exchange because each exchange has a unique business mix, each exchange has a unique client demand imbedded in it, and each exchange has a unique pricing model as you can see across all the different exchanges that we operate. Now in light of the transaction fee pilot, we have talked about introducing a fifth exchange and we obviously have six medallions that we can use. Again, it would be, we view the transaction fee pilot as a price control pilot that would once again restrict pricing of exchanges requiring us to introduce an additional exchange book to have additional flexibility on how we price. And then last, I'll mention a commentary around exchanges. I've been in this space for a while and going back, probably in 2005, I don't - this might come as a surprise to you Rich, but sometimes I don't have a great filter on what comes out of my mouth.
Chris Concannon: In fierce competition, someone at the SEC called and said that it is important to compete but it's important also to remember investor confidence and the integrity of the national exchanges is the most important piece of this investor confidence. So when I think about the public debate and the dialogue, we have to take into account investor confidence in our national markets because it's just not appropriate to attack so aggressively that we damage that investor confidence.
