Ken Hill: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update for our strategic initiatives. Then Brian Schell, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter as well as an update on our 2022 financial outlook. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief Operating Officer; and John Deters, our Chief Strategy Officer. I'd like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. we will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold. And while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward look statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after this conference call. During the call this morning, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings material. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
Ken Hill: Thank you. At this point, we will be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And my first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Ken Hill: Great. So this completes our call for this morning. We appreciate all the interest and questions on the call today. If you have any follow-ups, please feel free to reach out. Thank you again.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. In closing, it's an exciting time at Cboe as we continue to execute on our strategy and initiatives, aimed at accelerating growth and value creation as we innovate, integrate and grow. We are extremely proud of the record results we delivered in 2021, and I'm even more excited about the opportunities ahead. The investments we plan to make this year are expected to contribute to our long-term growth in 2022 and beyond. I want to thank the entire Cboe team for their dedication and hard work to continue to put Cboe to new heights. With that, I'll turn it to Ken for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Ed Tilly: So thank you. To start, Ken, and I'll ask Brian to clean up with kind of the percentage of how that's contributed. It's a little opaque in the derivatives world due to kind of a lack of clarity at OCC. But let me frame it a little higher level. We do see this as being able to continue. And because our core has always been an education piece, and once you introduce a retail trader who is used to a pretty simple P&L scheme, right? The longer you're short, the payout's 45-degree angle, you've got to be right or you're wrong. And options -- the versatility at options allows you to customize that payout scheme, customize the risk parameters and exposure and still have the exposure in a given underlying individual stock, the broader market. So our education really focuses on the versatility for retail. Once you teach that, you create a long-term investor. And that's what we're all about and why we think there's some runway here more broadly on retail. So then we look at, we're in the access business. So how do we extend that exposure to uniquely for Cboe? The product set alone is terrific, right? So you start at individual equity exposure, but much many retail want broad U.S. exposure. And we look at our notional size of our most successful contracts with the S&P 500. It's quite expensive notionally for exposure for retail. So we're launching Nanos. Very, very simple, one multiplier concept. If you look at the average notional value of option exposure in the S&P 500, roughly $5,000. Nanos, the premium double $5. That's an incredible way to learn the power and the tools of options trading. We love that. So that's the concept behind that. It will make it simple, make it easy, make it accessible. So then we look at what's the fastest-growing portion of our S&P 500 complex. Well weekly, it's super short dated and low premium. So when they had Tuesdays and Thursdays, another opportunity to be able to be more precised and answer the demand coming from really short-dated exposure. So add Tuesday and Thursday. So all of that to build and the continuation of what we've seen in the last 2 years of the growth in retail, we want to be part of the story, open up access and teach. So Brian, over to you or Chris, for a little bit more color on how we saw that breakdown.
Ed Tilly: Alex, great question. I'll kick it off. And we share the excitement, weekly does appear from an institutional perspective, much more sustainable than we've seen, as you referenced, the spikes and then the ebb and flow around spikes. But the uncertainty out there that's been driving this of late for institutions now really Russia tension, oil prices, continued supply chain challenges. And then the big one, right, the expectations on rate moves, all impact a portfolio differently. And actually, the value of the components of that portfolio are influenced by all that uncertainty. We see that in both the SPX and VIX and uniquely, as we talked about the rotation in the past. What's different this time, if you look at the second derivative VIX, there's an 8% move yesterday. That is an incredible punch for a relatively inexpensive contract, both the futures level and the options associated with it. And that's not gone unrecognized. 8% move, and then you look at today and maybe there's some follow-through even pre-trade, the market was up, the market is down. That is an amazing tool relatively inexpensive that really takes advantage of these 50-plus point S&P 500 moves. And then in the same week, as you see these moves early in the week, the SPX 1 month at the money vol comes crashing down. Really incredible. So SPX looks cheap in implied volatility compared to what's been realized. So it really is an amazing opportunity in our product set that these products actually deliver. And you're seeing that engagement. It's now -- it's been month-over-month, January really keeping up with December or fourth quarter is truly amazing. Actually surpassing fourth quarter is terrific. So that's the difference, and those risk factors are out there, and there's still uncertainty. So no reason why this isn't going to continue for a bit.
Brian Schell: Thanks, Alex. But I think I did hear you asked for '23 guidance. But I think it's a very appropriate question as we think about it. And as we look out to '23, you're right, we're not ready to say it's going to be x to x type of range. But as we look forward from what we know today, in the environment where our growth objectives are, we do expect a more moderated expense growth rate in '23 versus what you've seen in '21 and '22. I get independent of the run rates around acquisitions. So if we look at kind of what that core kind of, I'll call it, that more normalized there. So as you think about -- and how do we get that thought process, as you think about '21 and '22 is our investment in our core, our investment in our infrastructure, our investment in the revenue growth initiatives to facilitate and enable that growth. That's what we'll continue to do. And we'll continue to get those as we look into '22 is -- and continue to highlight those return on investment items, right? We've talked about and one of the first questions that we start talking about is of those various initiatives, how are they doing? Can you build a case study for us of why should your investors have confidence around your investments and what you're doing? So we will continue to try and provide as much visibility as we can around how they're performing, what the return looks like and then make adjustments as appropriate. So we're not going to shy away from seeing an opportunity investing in it if we think it is really, like I said, a high conviction, high margin type of opportunity, particularly around data, particularly around the derivatives. And again, we've talked about our excitement around bringing on a digital capability as well. So that is what we're looking towards. So it's a moderated level in '23 without giving you any specific percentage range.
Brian Schell: Yes. I would say kind of the combination of the 2. It is certainly won't be -- it could be as early as March. But like I said, that could -- and it could be, like I said, into the second quarter as well. So that's why there's a range because we're talking about 2 transactions that we're trying to get, again, a regulatory approval around and multiple regulatory closing conditions. So I guess first half is better, is kind of as close as we are right now. It's highest scenario said is that they're both closed before the start of the second half of the year. So like I said, it could fall at the end of the first quarter. And it's -- again, we'll update, obviously, when -- update the expense guidance when we do have a firm close date and provide that further projection. But for now, unfortunately, we're still reliant on the regulatory approval process, which, again, is not as transparent, not negatively just sometimes they move around pace. John, I think you may have [indiscernible]
Brian Schell: Sure. So as far as -- I don't want to give a prediction as far as timing of share buyback. Again, we have -- we're very clear that as we want to make sure that, that balance sheet and the leverage ratio, it will spike upon the close of these transactions. Spike up. And -- but a comfortable range or so high investment grade. We still feel good about that. But I think what the pause has put us in a really good shape from a flexibility standpoint to actually allow us to reengage in a share buyback and a much more meaningful way on a go-forward basis. So that little bit of a pause again gives us that flexibility. So I can't predict timing of when we would see that, but we do have expectations that we will return capital to shareholders through a share buyback in 2023. But again, I don't want to predict timing on that. And as far as priority goes, we've always said it's in our capital allocation thought process, and we think it's important to return that excess cash. But I'll tell you, we are very focused on it. And again, this is ultimately with the goal of achieving long-term shareholder value and that highest value that we can. We are very, very focused on growing the enterprise and growing the revenue and earnings capability of this organization. And sometimes when we see those M&A opportunities show up that we think does that, we will invest to grow. And if there's excess after that, we will then deploy it into a share repurchase program.
