Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. In closing, I would like to thank our team for the incredible progress made throughout the first quarter. 2022 is off to an exceptional start. And with the help of our dedicated associates, we are well positioned to define markets globally, delivering value to our customers and shareholders.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Rich. Big question there, a really good one. A lot of it at the heart of it's really the macro trading. What's going on more macroly? But Brian, why don't we start and just more to Rich's beginning of the question with Barclays and VXX ETF.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. So, Rich, maybe if we look at what's in our control, what's not in our control is a good way to look at the volumes. So they aren't solid across asset class. And we are in a sustained level of higher volatility if we use the historic level of VIX. And it's really the macro knows being the key drivers; interest rates rising, inflation, the war on Ukraine, supply chain as a result of the continued COVID issues primarily in China, all not in our control. The mix of our products continue to be driven primarily by the relationship of implied versus realized volatility. Very similar story to what we talked about last quarter. When implied vols are below realized, our users are buying optionality and exposure and protection cheaper than the underlying is moving. So the long gambit [ph] is paying off with large intraday moves. Again, not in our control. Customers continue to be very active around short dated options, and optionality that they provide. Again, this is customer driven. We're watching what they trade, not in our control. So what is it that we can control? Well, it's design, it's development and the extension of access to the complex. So we listen to customers. They want more access and more precision around trading. And when that access comes certainly in competence in our platform with round the clock access to liquidity, so we added 24x5 for SPX index options. We've been sharing with you again the amount of interest in super short dated options. So we added Tuesday options and soon to add Thursday. We added a curb session. We're almost done in launching our new design trading floor to accommodate more interest for in-person trading, giving more access to global liquidity. And we launched a contract designed for a retail in the Nanos contract, which provides access to the S&P 500. So in our control is really expansion and access and listening. And that's I guess the punch line. Thanks for that question, Rich.
Ed Tilly: Sure. I'll take that, Dan. As we think about all the elements of the D&A growth, and I really want to touch on vol, it's not direct retail per se but retail can be behind a lot of those trends as far as where we're seeing that data is providing information to the cash and spot markets to the derivatives markets. So it's underlying that as a part of that but we don't see that directly coming in per se, but it is certainly driving some of that transaction volume, it's certainly driving that real-time data and that real-time access. So as far as where are those customers, we look at where that new growth is and we look at that composition of that new revenue, we're actually seeing the largest part coming outside of North America, about 40% to 42% we saw was North American and the rest was EMEA and APAC, which we love those numbers because it's hitting the growth of where we are today. But it's also highlighting we think more significant upside of its still barely scratching the surface of APAC, for example. That's kind of the smallest component of the growth we see. So we look at it more geography and what we can do there. And we're really excited we think about the incremental cloud offerings that we have coming online. And we think about the incremental risk in market analytics information that we're seeing that we're putting together and where that growth is coming from, both a mix of new as well as incremental share of wallet. So again, we continue to be very excited about where that is, and those offerings again across the globe.
Ed Tilly: Yes, there's no difference in pricing. So you won't see any mix from these products that you're seeing that's going to have any impact other than having a call, for example, a higher mix of SPX contracts in our overall mix of options. But it's not going to be -- we're going to charge incrementally more during, let's say, the global trading hour session versus regular trading hour session.
Ed Tilly: No. We don't think it's that type of market build per se. You'll see that when we've launched other new products or new markets, for example. When we've done with European derivatives, there will be some say certain liquidity incentives in place, or when we rolled out various, call it, iBox futures, we will do that with the new products. But here it's a little bit of a different type of rollout here with the initiatives we've talked about here with SPX.
Ed Tilly: Sure, I'll start with that. And it isn't so much of a slowdown for the progress that we see this year. We got a pretty good view into our particular pipeline on the global indices work and the contracts we see on the Q there and the various initiatives that we have going. I will say if you look at, and it's kind of a silly answer, but if you look at the math of the comparisons that you see how we ramped up 2021 growth in this area, if you look at, for example, the consecutive growth rates quarter-over-quarter in '21, Q2 had a 2% growth rate over Q1. Again, I'm talking about '21 here. If you look at Q3, it actually had a 7% growth rate over 2Q. And then you look at Q4, then it had a 4% growth rate on top of that. So you've seen a continuous momentum build. We started out '21 with a run rate of or an amount of $99 million per quarter, and we exited at 112 million for the fourth quarter. So you can see that really nice ramp up. So as we see our growth, and we've been able to continue that ramp into Q1, we do have some plans in place. So just more naturally, we're just going to see a little bit more flattening out of that higher growth rate as we move into Q2, Q3 and Q4 relative to the comparison of last year. And as you look at how we continue to create the wins across the globe, this goes back to the benefits of the flywheel what we're doing in our global network. And as we build out our people, as we build out the sales force, and as we continue to build out, I'll call it, market share volumes, that continues to build off of each other going back to the long-term benefit of our flywheel of seeing how they interrelate. But if you look at the particular risk and market analytics, the biggest growth driver I mentioned earlier to a previous question was is that the growth we have had so far has been more of an increased share of wallet versus new customers. So we're really excited about bringing that offering to new geographies as we continue to add more sales capacity and capability to the different geographies that we are in.
Ed Tilly: And I'll just probably just mentioned there as well, we rarely see port counts come down or unit counts come down as the messaging traffic across our markets continues to grow, regardless of retail engagement or not, as that may ebb or flow. Messaging volumes continue to go north, that's the direction they've gone for decades really. I'll just mention as well D&A robustness, or we think a lack of risk, even as retail engagement may overflow, is that they tend to use less messaging traffic, which is really where the capacity is focused. And so the marketing [ph] community, the other institutions, there's been a cycling and institutional volume with the higher volatilities. We expect to see demand very, very strong across our products and our markets for Access and Data. And I'll mention as well, again, Cboe Global Cloud. We're really getting after a new user there in different jurisdictions, but using the data across our network. So we think that's doable also.
Ed Tilly: Well, Chris you can handle I think the technology aspect of that. I think really when we look to expansion on access, this has really primarily been in the institutional side. And we know that there's growing interest around the clock access as retail base grows as well. So we think we've got the right product set. And then there's a readiness from our introducing brokers on whether or not to provide access to customers. So that debate going on, not just at Cboe's level. I would say that we've proven that we are ready from a technology perspective, but really accommodating our customers is key. Again, back to my opening remarks, this is about listening and delivering on demand. But Chris, as far as any further expansion on the clock.
Ed Tilly: It's a great question. Why don't we start Brian the ErisX deal effect on expenses; Chris, the ErisX likely closing before NEO in the very soon category? And then we can move on to NEO.
Ed Tilly: Alex, we don't -- I think we can look to potentially enhance that disclosure as far as looking at as far as where we are. But right now, I will tell you just at a very, very high level is that some of the growth that we've seen and we indicated this last year on our call when we saw some of the higher growth rate is that we've actually seen fewer cancellations than what we did traditionally model. So we think it's a fairly positive story. And we've been more focused on the continued, I would call it, new and adds. And we've seen fewer cancellations than we've seen historically, call it pre-pandemic. So positive trends there, but again we'll look for that disclosures. Again, we would like to evaluate metrics and items that can enhance I'll call it the investor information.
Ed Tilly: Great. So that completes our call for today. Thank you so much for your time and interest in the company. Thank you.
Brian Schell: Yes. Thanks, Rich. As we look at that, and then he did point that out as far as the timing, as far as mid March goes with the Barclays announcement, and just again to make sure we're on the same pages that they've cited themselves that they intend to file a new automatic self-registration statement with the SEC as soon as practicable, and they remain committed to infrastructure products and business in the U.S. So we've seen that. There's no reason for us to believe that's not going to be the case. And obviously, in the interim, we've also seen new funds come into that space as well from an ETF perspective.
Brian Schell: Yes, I would say it's primarily for -- I'd say it's probably a mix of both. And it's hard sometimes to disentangle the two. And I can tell you what we've seen more historically. We're continuing to look at this question, and obviously as we put together this forecast and this guidance, we knew there are some elements of that port revenue that is a bit volume driven. But we also know it's maintaining capacity for future periods that rarely do we see people pull back on the level of ports, particularly when we know that when investors and when our clients, when they're in these markets how they make money, they tend to make money in those highest volume, those highest peak, those highest volatility at a time. And not having that capacity is critical to their overall P&L. So rarely do we see them pull back on some of that. Now, there's a couple of, I'll call it, pricing dynamics where some of that volume may pull back a little bit of that. But like I said, we tend to see that as more broadly infrastructure. And the other base of, I'll call it, revenues that we're building within D&A are beyond just obviously the real time and access in the Risk and Market Analytics and the overall indices that we continue to build out, which frankly those are actually the smallest parts of our overall D&A mix. They are the highest growth from a percentage standpoint. So again, we'll see that hopefully play out over time. But back to your original question, the heart of it is, it's a little bit of both, but we see it historically has been pretty sticky.
Brian Schell: Yes. Alex, good questions as far as when we could use one of Dave's earlier lines, we could go on hours as far as what our plans are for growth for these, but I'll try to be brief here. We've laid out in our guidance as far as what we expect the expense impact to be to obviously our P&L for this year, and then I'll call it that kind of EBITDA contribution when you roll that in. And so it's been more about -- it's not so much an expense story as continuing to grow the revenues. And particularly on the digital side, and I'll let Chris talk a little bit more about that, about our growth plans there specifically. And then around NEO and then with respect to, that has a wonderful growth trajectory and what we're seeing year-over-year growth similar to what Dave mentioned in the Cboe Japan, Cboe Australia and what that has done for us organically even post acquisition. As far as even though there's no comp to last year. That's been our own P&L. So we see NEO playing a very important role as far as growing the revenue synergies within what we're doing around our existing Canadian operations or broadly North American operations around that listing franchise. And with that, I think I'll turn it back to Chris for ErisX.
Dave Howson: Thanks very much and thanks very much for a great question. Certainly in terms of the summary of the value proposition and the macro factors that are in place or were in place two years ago when our customers came to us with the idea and the opportunity of breaking into and really growing the European equity derivatives market. We looked at that fragmentation siloing across Europe. We looked at the need for a single stop shop and also that need for an on screen liquid market very much in line with what we enjoy, all of our customers enjoy in the U.S. And with the acquisition of EuroCCP, we're able to bring that all together with a single trading, single margin pool across country benchmarks and Pan European benchmarks of really giving that single access point there with increased efficiency through products designed from the ground up and those products based off indices that are based off our equities market prices. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, the European equities market share has grown 500 basis points over the last year, so really solidifying the products that trade on those venues. So what we've seen since launch last year is a continuation of that commitment from the initial round of customers with Q1 being 4x the size in terms of trading from Q4 last year. The new products we launched this week have gone well with good support. Really crucially with those new products now we get to access different national benchmarks across Europe and therefore new local customers and new local expertise. So what you're going to see really from here on out is further build out of the futures picture across the products, the price picture there, followed by the auctions, and also greater engagement as we look through to next year and the addition of single names. And really with the sort of the guidance given on the revenue there, we're looking really on a good path as we build out this product and this initiative. The size of the opportunity is still -- the window between European and U.S. markets is still there, and we're really looking forward to carrying on building this out with our customers.
Dave Howson: And certainly I can chime in there a little bit more on the European opportunity. It's multifold. Again, first principles, you've got the European market share. 21% market share offers richer, more deeper, a deeper data set to look into for local customers and global customers taking the European equities data. But moreover, it's the sale of the U.S. data set, the Cboe One product sets that we've got, which provides a real opportunity into CFD providers, retail providers in Europe and the EMEA and Asia Pacific. And then when you also think about the RMA product set, Cboe Europe derivatives bases a lot of the theoretical options prices used off the Hanweck CO [ph] options prices that we get there. So we see a lot of opportunity in Europe for providing that value add pre-trade, at-trade and post-trade Risk Management and Analytic services. And then as we think further eastwards, we can look at Australia and Japan, where we see strong non-transaction revenues coming out of the core venues there with, for example, Australia's non-transaction revenue increased over 30% compared to quarter one last year.
Dave Howson: Absolutely. You're spot on. We are emphatic supporters of a consolidated team and its introduction into the European environment. We strongly believe in a single investable tradable Pan European environment as well as the UK markets now post Brexit. We think this will give us palpable and real benefit to our investors. We've seen the benefits from the SIPs in the United States and certainly think investors deserve that in the European environment. Key aspects, and I could go on for an hour, but I will save you that, are that we include pre-trade as well as post-trade in this consolidated tape and it'd be offered at a reasonable commercial basis with a good and fair revenue share model, much of the way we see things operating in the United States. We, like many others, are placed well to be a consolidated tape provider as you point out, because we do ingest much of the data globally. And we also happen to run the largest trade reporting facility in Europe with about 85% market share there, so well placed. But we're heavily engaged in the debate as things unfold with our customers and the policymakers. So we will keep the market [indiscernible] with that as we progress.
Dave Howson: Yes, great. Thanks, Chris. And as a reminder, of course, we already have a foothold in Canada with MATCHNow and enjoy the migration in February to Cboe technology and the introduction of CBOE BIDS Canada really opening up the BIDS network there to Canadian investors and to investors around the world to invest in Canada and vice versa. So with NEO, super excited about a number of things. The different trading mechanisms that NEO brings to the party as we consolidate our place in the Canadian competitive landscape, those different trading protocols really bring a new, diverse customer set to the existing set we welcome and to MATCHNow today. So there's the trading mechanisms. Then there's listings. Listings, NEO has 121 ETFs and 56 corporates, a couple of debentures on those Canadian depository receipts, a great level of innovation already there. And really that gives us a great blueprint to think about how we can expand our listings offerings around the world. We've got over 640 ETPs already, but then how do we think about our listing strategy on top of that global securities network that we've been able to build out? Low hanging fruit, Cboe One Canada is a data product we'll be bringing out. So the additive effect of Canadian data, including those unique listings that NEO enjoys onto our data products, and then later on those data products into the cloud. So you see the repeating patterns here. So really looking forward to getting going with the NEO team as we progress towards a close, which is going according to plan.
