Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. In closing, we are extremely proud of the results we delivered last year and are optimistic about opportunities to leverage our recent acquisitions to grow our business. Our operating results highlight the strength of our diversified business and our team’s consistent execution of our strategy. By further strengthening our core proprietary products, leveraging our superior technology, increasing recurring revenue, broadening our geographic footprint, and expanding our product line by asset class, we will be well-positioned to achieve our mission to build one of the world’s largest global securities and derivatives trading networks. The investments we plan to make this year are expected to contribute to our long-term growth in 2022 and beyond. We also plan to continue to exercise disciplined expense management and efficient allocation of capital to create long-term shareholder value, and believe we have the people, technology, and expertise to continue to define markets in a very powerful way.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Ken. Again, really good question. As we think about this, and it's of the first spend of the build out. And again, I don't get too specific on some of this, but I would say that going forward versus '22, certainly a portion of that European Derivative build out will sustain for into '22. So I'd say about a -- could be up to a quarter of that will not repeat as we go forward because there's a incremental investment in the upfront years. Some of that was in '20 and obviously you're seeing our projection for '21, as far as that build out. As far as the strategic growth initiatives, and that will vary based on what we end up spending as far as how much of that is permanent and fixed versus on a go-forward basis. So I think that it's going to be -- and again, we'll provide more guidance to this as we move forward. As we look at where the actual level of investment is, it's -- again, it's looking at the total dollar amount, again, will be geared toward that longer term growth rate of the revenues of where we're seeing it projected. So, again, it's a spend -- I want to remind everyone that that's a spend to really grow that top line revenue for the long-term. And so the upfront investment spend as we said with derivatives, as we said before, will have to occur before the actual revenue show up and certainly in '21 we're planning. So I would say stay tuned, but certainly a portion of that, and I'm hesitant to give you a fixed number right now will be variable and not occur in '22.
Ed Tilly: Good. This is Ed Tilly. Let me start and invite Chris to jump in. But sustainable, I think we've just seen an incredible demand that began last year, it continues, it tends to be in single name options. So our education will be focused on the basics, first. The educated investor is the one that's in day in, day out, year in, year out. And that's really what we will be targeting. So the responsibleness, the suitability, what derivatives and how derivatives can change the risk profile for investors is really what we'll be concentrating on. And I think just even recently, we had 730 participants in our series of 21 for 21, which is 21 invest -- investment strategies for 2021. It's an incredible amount of turnout early on. So we're gauging the continuation by the interest in education, we're committed to it. So the investment we make is for the long-term, and that conversion from Straight Delta One Trading and Derivatives is really where Cboe's effort will be most concentrated. And then Chris, maybe a little bit on the mix, and what we see coming in on various products and how that's different across the uniqueness of our products.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Alex. No, you weren't sleeping. So you -- we didn't cover those explicitly. So thanks for the question. As far as the overlap, we participate the majority of that to go away following into '22 as we transition the sites. And on the expense side, as far as the ramp up goes, almost while really those transactions were not a cost play. Those were, I would say, more gaining new capabilities and where we want to be in more on the revenue side. So we don't anticipate any expense synergies there.
Ed Tilly: Boy, I love the way you framed that. The ecosystem is really what we were after when we launched, albeit probably a bit early a few years ago. We too saw the potential and the interest and while not a huge asset class as measured by AUM, certainly by turnover in trades. So we know there's a great deal of interest from the trading community and growing interest as you point out institutionally for some exposure. So when I warm up like that, you can tell that we are planning how to reenter the space, very measured and cautiously. But I could not describe it any better that the importance of the ecosystem what we see by vibrant derivatives markets, cash settled markets, retail accessible markets, you mentioned ETPs, and ETNs, all very important for a successful exposure to crypto. So in the planning stages, but we plan on reentering that market over time, and it's just a matter of us right now on prioritization. So stay tuned in development and want to get back into the space.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Ari. Great question. I'll start with the first and then invite John and Chris on the ISG, in particular. The products segment, I think if you -- just take a half a step back, and what we discussed primarily for the three quarters of last year after the huge volumes and volatility spike in the first quarter was institutions told us that they’re on the sidelines, there's too much uncertainty out there, right. If you think about this pandemic just being defined U.S elections on the map an uncertainty there, led to a runoff election, Brexit coming, going closing, not closing. And told us once some of those uncertainties were passed, that there'd be reengagement that there needs to be and there's a demand for exposure and more broadly in the U.S market. And that's what we're seeing in January. So just basically a feeding back directly from those institutional users and their plans moving forward, and we're seeing that engagement. So that's really not surprising to us. Stressed, I think, maybe your word probably a little bit too much of a reach. I think we're seeing more broadly, interest in short-term moves and volatility, a lot of that led by the volatility in single names, raising volatility overall. And then we look at VIX options, we see interest in buying puts, when people realize or investors realize cash that spike, don't think that's sustainable. We saw that last week, and we saw put buying, and sure enough, investors in this cycle tended to be right. So we see engagement across now a variety of macro trading cycles, and I like it. The engagement is up and down, our institute -- our proprietary products led by institutions reengagement. So, I don't think I'd call any segments out, or not reengaging, maybe some slower than others, but it's engagement each and every day. And we'd like to see what we're seeing in January, I'd love to see that continue. Chris, and John, maybe on the ISG question.
Ed Tilly: So let me see if I can just summarize it a bit. What we see happening in January, as predicted is reengagement at the institutional level. That it's eliminating last quarter's headwind when institutions were on the sideline waiting for uncertainty to pass. Separate and apart from the investment we're making for the future and Brian laid them out, I think 24x5, the extension of BIDS, our continued investment in ISG and obviously our midyear launch of European Derivatives, all in queue and ready to make an impact for us in 2022 and beyond. That's the way we're looking at it.
Ed Tilly: Let me start with more broadly. The SEC and the long-term view and relationship we've had, I would sum it up as an incredibly healthy tension where both the SEC and Cboe put the investor, the retail investor first and foremost in our thinking is in our day to day, it's in our operations, it's in new product development, it's an order handling, it's an all our comment letters. We both have been aligned with trying to do what is best for a market structure wise the investing public. I think that will continue our expectation of the new chair as he's putting together his team will be a very healthy relationship with his frontline, the listed exchanges. We are where price discovery happens. I'm sure this Chairman and his team will understand that. And I'm looking forward to just some incredibly healthy dialogue. So very optimistic going into the change. Chris, operationally, I think what I hope continues is the engagement we've seen in the SEC primarily this year about the lit exchanges and how what an incredible role they've played in maintaining stability in the most uncertain of times. I hope that continues. I think it will, but Chris, I think the amount of time the team at the SEC has spent with us in regular calls, updates and communication is a model for the future. But a couple words from you I think operation is important.
Ed Tilly: So the '20 for the -- this is going to roll up into North American equities is where we're going to see that, and we'll provide as much kind of colors we can around the metrics there. So look for that kind of go-forward basis with our volume release. On the overall EuroCCP revenue and the volumes -- and the revenue, we were up. We saw a little bit as you'll see with the capture, and over time we will provide more and more color as far as some of the -- with the capture and the metrics that go there. But anytime we see with some of the volume increases, you're going to see a little bit of mix shift within the fee schedule with respect to tiers, types of clearing, types of settlements. So overall, we're actually pleased with the 3Q to 4Q growth rate. The 3Q actually had a little bit of a lift because of a liquidity credit that we're able to take advantage of in 3Q. But from a pure, I'll call from a transaction basis, we actually had a nice lift overall in revenues.
Ed Tilly: Great. Good way to put it, I think, I don't know that I categorize as solution, transparency, education, what is the hunger? Why -- what is the motivating factor on some of these investment decisions? What is the duration? What's the goal? I think that my reference to investing in retail is understanding the exposure that retail is looking for, understanding the strategies and being able to bring to market contracts and exposures that are directly focused on what the retail investor of today is looking for, which is different, perhaps in the retail investor of yesterday. So for us, as I've said, we continue to say Rich, and I love the question because it's a great way to wrap this up. We can solve everything with education and transparency, we truly can. And our options institute is armed and ready to engage with new retail, our research and development team are engaged with and we teased that we're looking at contracts to bring to the market that address the needs of the new retail investor. That's what we're going to be focused on. I don't think there's a fixing that needs to be done out there. But education certainly does provide for a day in, day out, year in, year out investor who's engaged trading suitable contracts. And once that we will help them with the basics as I say sophisticated strategies will then follow.
Rich Repetto: Yes. Good morning, Ed. Good morning, Brian. I guess my question is on the expenses. And this is on Slide 13 and thanks for the walk or the breakout. But I guess Brian, the two parts is just of the $55 million in -- from M&A, how much revenue offset direct revenue? Because I no BIDS is probably in the 40s in there. And then you're assuming that, I guess the COVID situation, you don't have those savings. Is there a way that you could sort of walk us through if you assume that we're in this lockdown, semi lockdown to midyear, which probably seems more like, what's happening right now anyway. So anyway, those are two questions on it.
Rich Repetto: Yes. Good morning again. First, I would just want to say it was a one conscious, I didn't -- can make the connection between Bats in Kansas City, but I didn't mean to offend you might Kansas City friend.
Rich Repetto: Okay, but I do really have a follow-up. And the question is on the -- there's been a number of questions on the retail, frenzy that we've seen in trading and all the issues that are around it. But I guess I wanted to ask you, Ed or Chris, what do you see as potential solutions to it? That is the yes. I don't know that you can do or the SEC or anybody else.
Brian Schell: Sure. Thanks, Rich. I would say that without getting specifically with each expense for each of the transactions from 2020, each deal that we did, I think we announced that they were accretive or neutral. So you would have an expectation, and we gave a broad range of the revenue expectations across the prior year, so that 4% to 6% on prior year. So I think that gives you a pretty good gauge of where we expect the revenue more than offset the expense adjustment to that we've noted here on as you mentioned Slide 13 for the $55 million. So in the aggregate it's going to be accretive as we noted previously. On the $16 million, I think, as a rough framework -- and again, it's your guess is as good as mine and obviously we've got to put a number out there that we're kind of reflecting in our expense guide as far as 2021. Of the three categories I kind of mentioned, I would say high level, it's probably like a third, a third, a third relative to continued savings for -- if there's continues to be some lockdown and we really don't do anything during '21 as far as some of those incremental expenses that we have. Some of that savings delay from the delayed hiring was probably a third of that. And then the one-time savings is about a third that we won't get the benefit. So that kind of gives you a frame of reference of, like I said, with the COVID-19 related expenses and how that might expense -- impact the expenses for '21.
Brian Schell: Yes, I'll start with that. Thanks for the question. As we think about that, it's -- we know that first we'll start off with the -- that medium term target. And it's not obviously a next year guide, because we know that sometimes there's unpredictability in transaction revenue quarter-over-quarter or even a few quarters over time. So that's why we want to make sure people understood our view over a called a medium term. And also it's incredibly consistent with actually what we've achieved over the last 4 years as Ed kind of referenced to earlier. I would say that, we -- it's going to be a combination. We already laid out the non-transaction revenue growth expectation. As far as our proprietary products -- excuse me, the proprietary market and access capacity fees, how we laid that out. Obviously, you have -- for us, you have the SIP, the take plans, which is at best probably flat, and then you have the remainder being made up on the transaction revenue side. Again, that is over time, versus any one period of time. So that's I think if you look at the primary drivers of how that looks, and what we've achieved, but again, it's we're looking to -- as you can just see the math and you do the numbers is that, look, there's going to be more recurring revenue as we continue to build that, you're seeing a more diversified revenue base. And frankly, it's just -- it's a higher conviction that over time that we're building that sustainable revenue, and that's how that's growing. And you're going to have the impact of the acquisitions that we talked about, which again, is not in that organic number. But is that rolls into that number over time. Again, we feel good about how that continues to grow as well.
Brian Schell: Yes, thanks. Good question. Again, just reiterating, and the strength of the cash flows that we generate will continue to deploy those which, again, with the approach of achieving that long-term shareholder value growth. I think what you have seen is that conviction to deploy the capital to enhance the growth, global network standpoint, from a product, from an access, organically, inorganically, again, trying to make sure we're leveraging our infrastructure to grow for the long-term. And part of the keeping that balance sheet, I'll call it low leverage, is that if there's something that does become attractive is that makes sense. We want to make sure we could potentially deploy that capital. But absent that, again, the prioritization really hasn't changed. It's a continuing dialogue. Again, we have with the Board, we have the management team, you see it reflected in the share repurchase increase with the growing -- with the confidence and outlook for the stock is growing the repurchase authorization. But again, the prioritization of -- look, it's we're going to focus on organic initiatives, as we’ve talked about. It's been the focus of the call today and our guidance going forward. We always continue to have a commitment to that an annual dividend increase. We again -- and then with the share repurchase, as I mentioned, we'll continue to look for that to be opportunistic. Depending on where all those ranks -- excuse me, where that last one the share repurchase and delevering, I personally don't see as much value in delevering today versus say, for example, absent anything else continue to return cash to shareholders. So delevering from where we are today is not, I would say a big focus of that capital deployment.
Brian Schell: Okay. So if I think I understand that, I would say that January, and I know I may be flip with my response, doesn't make a year. So that has been strong volumes. And so it does certainly play into how we thought about the year and what can be achieved. So having that as a backdrop, we're not using January to inform our entire year and what we're doing, but there's obviously some trends that we're seeing continue on. As Ed talked about, as the rest of the team has talked about from the institutional activity, from the retail activity on a go-forward basis and the various products and the various asset classes. As far as the investments and outlook and where do we expect to see the return, how long, and that will vary by each product as we talked about it, and Ed mentioned the worthy investment priorities were with respect to non-transaction revenue growth, European Derivatives build out, the BIDS expansion, the retail, the 24x5, extended trading hours, all of those things are coming more or less online as we talked about in 2020 and more in the latter half of 2020. And we said these are investments in '20 for a -- excuse me, in '21, for a '22 kind of more significant growth contributions for revenue. So it can't go right now and say it's going to happen in this quarter other than there's a possibility that, yes, we're going to expect to see some revenues in '21. But again, it's later in the year, but the real expectation that I think our investment community should have is that it's a '22 revenue growth delivery. And again, what we're looking to make sure that we're delivering on is, at the end of the day, we're trying to have a secular growth of the business. And, again, we see the increasing need for the data and analytics, a need for better access and addressing that demand with a new product, new geography, which again is represented by I think, the four kind of areas that we're prioritizing. So that's a long winded way of saying, I'm not going to give you a revenue guidance as far as '21, and that we expect to start seeing that in '22 and beyond. And obviously -- and this is true with probably with most firms. We see a really, really large ROI on organic activities that especially if we can leverage the existing infrastructure, and leverage the existing network that we have today, and really meeting the demand and access capacity that we see a -- really high ROI and that's again, that's a 2 to 3 year look. And again, that helps contribute to that medium to long-term growth rate that we talked about upfront.
Brian Schell: Brian, I just also want to hit European Derivatives. We're super excited about this. And it just bears out the statistics in 2020. We're up 50% in the U.S market in terms of European directives, and the European market is flat to down on equity derivatives. It just highlights the opportunity to grow the pie there. It's going to be a build, but it's a super exciting thing for us.
Brian Schell: No, I would say that we actually are still pretty pleased with the kind of that mid to high single-digit growth rate. We -- as that base gets larger, as you know, there were some -- we continue to look at our penetration is where the opportunity is, obviously, coming out of the gate, we look at our pipeline, we look at where we are. We are going to be conservative, where we are. But we're still pretty pleased with that growth rate. We still think there's opportunity. We still look at where we are from a geographic standpoint. As far as where are we seeing growth coming across the asset classes, where they're coming across the U.S., EMEA, APAC and where it's generating those growth targets. You've heard Ed and Chris and John talked about the ISG opportunities that are out there from the index services and the historical data sets to the new data and analytic services and expanding the customer base. So again, we actually liked that growth rate. And some of that is a normalization from the growth rate from where we were from the prior year with some of the acquisitions. But overall, I think it reflects a very, very good expectation for a go-forward basis.
Brian Schell: I'm sorry, Chris. Was your number -- I’m sorry, your question was specifically around '20 or -- I'm not sure I got that.
Brian Schell: Well, right, the derivatives role, and you're correct, the derivatives role is purely was more of the expense as we roll that off, as far as -- excuse me, as we roll back into the overall -- in expense guidance. I think the 4% to 6% rate for going forward, I mean, I think that's more of a math question. So I think I'm not sure what additional color I can provide there as far as what that looks like. And then as you look at the 2020 numbers, I don't know, if I have the total dollar amount in front of me as far as the specific 2020 contribution. I can certainly get that too, I just don't have that number all aggregated from each of those individual. I'll just say that the run rate on a go-forward basis, again, is we feel good about that 4% to 6% range. And with all the announcements that we've had around, including the BIDS numbers that we gave you, but we can certainly follow-up on the specific detail that's included in the 2020.
Brian Schell: So that's going to be a collection of any number of things. It does have a little bit of the EuroCCP items in it. It's going to -- and that's when you don't -- we don't always have as much visibility to, but it's going to be a collection of matters. And I would say what we do and I'll be honest with from a modeling standpoint, we kind of look at the aggregate and see where the ebbs and flows have been over prior periods and a roll forward basis. It's just not a material item that we look at, but there is a slightly higher contribution from your CCP.
Chris Isaacson: Sure. Thanks, Ed, and thanks for the question, Dan. So in addition to our education efforts what Ed mentioned, we're also rolling out products. We rolled out retail priority on our EDGX equities market. As Ed mentioned in his script, we had a record volume there above 700 million shares. Retail priorities now 3% -- almost 3% of the entire U.S equities market because retail investors and those who are facilitating those orders are getting better quality execution. So that's an equities. And then as we mentioned also during the script, we're rolling out products of more retail size, with many VIX futures, many SPX or XSP. We just announced [indiscernible] and we have some other things we're thinking about as well to appeal to this new retail investor base, this new wave of new generation of retail investors. So our goal is to empower and educate them about our products across our asset classes to arm them with what they need to be very successful for the long-term. That's why we believe this can be sustainable for years to come.
Chris Isaacson: Alex, I might just jump in on the expense side. So there's -- as Brian said, there's different synergy places as we highlighted -- as Ed highlighted, especially Information Solutions is a great example of this where we really those are purchases that we made in order to grow to build what we believe is a world class Information Solutions platform. And so this is about fueling growth, not cost synergies.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, just as we think about engaging with customers, not just institutions, but customers in general, ISG just fits so nicely with our products because usually starts with data. And we have unique data sets to give them. And then once they have data, and they've proved out whatever model they might be looking at our investing strategies in to access, choose invested a lot in Silexx and other tools. And then they need to manage risk once they get positions on and we have what we think is a complete risk management suite for them to manage position. So to get data that access and then managing your portfolio with risks and we feel like we have a full suite for them to really engage and use our products in a very efficient and effective manner. And I'll end with offering unique products, an example would be FLEX there, for instance, which is getting a broad use for target outcome investing. I just think it's an example of us using our products and our tools to offer a product that appeals to certain customers, where they're looking for specific outcomes and really leading and inventing in our space.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, Chris. So we've a great dialogue -- continued great dialogue with the commission staff. We look forward to continuing to work with them. Obviously in January, we saw record volumes and across many asset classes, U.S equities, U.S options, just incredible volume really. And really the market structure worked as designed. And I think we will see the SEC focused on investor protection, investor education, which very much aligns with what our goals are as well, which is investor education, empowerment and making sure the market structure is serving the investing public well, and that's really lit markets at the center of it. And those lit markets, and CCPs, et cetera, they showed very well in January despite some kind of unprecedented events.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, Kyle, I'll jump in on that. So we've made our views on both the governance -- the government's proposal order as well as the infrastructure rule, pretty clear in all of our comments letter. So I'll refer you to those. We have broadly been supportive of increasing the quality of the content of the SIPs. And over the years have been very supportive of improving the technology as well. So -- but we do differ on certain points with the SEC on both the governance and infrastructure proposals. So we think there's opportunity for the SIPs to continue as they are, with some enhancements as well as our proprietary market data that continue to be valuable for those who decide to purchase it. We don't see them as mutually exclusive. We see them as complimentary.
