Deborah Koopman: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our CEO, will discuss the quarter and our strategic initiatives for 2014; then Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will detail our fourth quarter 2013 financial results and provide guidance on certain financial metrics for 2014. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be our President and COO, Ed Provost. In addition, I'd like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides. We will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold. And while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after this conference call. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Tilly.
Deborah Koopman: I just want to apologize to everybody. Our service provider for the conference call had some issues. And as you are aware, the call was dropped. We're going to give this another try. And again, I apologize for the issues from our service provider.
Deborah Koopman: Thank you. And again, I want to thank everybody for their patience, and we appreciate your time and your continued interest in our company. Good day.
Alan J. Dean: Okay. Thank you, Debbie. This is Alan Dean. I'm going to pick up where, I hope, we left off. Let's now move to our 2014 guidance for certain financial metrics. For 2014, we expect core expenses to be in the range of $191 million to $196 million, which represents an increase of 3% to 5% versus 2013. The increase primarily reflects higher expenses for regulatory services as we build on the effort we started in 2013, with a focus on maintaining the highest standards for regulation and compliance. The increased resources devoted to regulatory services primarily include the full year impact of 2013 staff additions, additional hiring in 2014 and further enhancements to our regulatory systems. At the beginning of this year, we increased the actions regulatory fee, which is designed to cover this cost. We expect this -- the additional revenue generated from regulatory fees to offset the incremental cost with no impact to our bottom line. Turning to stock-based compensation. In the first quarter of this year, we will grant additional shares of restricted stock as we did in 2013. As a result, we expect to record about $3 million of accelerated stock-based compensation expense in the first quarter. Accelerated stock-based compensation is not included in core expenses and will be reconciled as a non-GAAP item. Continuing stock-based compensation, which is included in core expenses, is expected to be $13 million for the year. The decrease versus 2013 is due to the final vesting in June of stock awards granted in 2010 following our IPO. Since stock-based compensation will fluctuate a bit quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of vesting of certain stock grants, the appendix includes a slide that provides guidance by quarter. In 2014, capital spending is expected to be between $47 million to $50 million, up versus nearly the $32 million we spent in 2013. This increase primarily reflects additional capital spending to harden our systems, and the continuation of our efforts started in 2013 to enhance our systems and software for regulatory services. In closing, we are very pleased with our results for 2013, and we head into 2014 well positioned for continued growth. We have the financial strength and breadth to execute on our near-term initiatives and to deliver solid results while also continuing to invest for long-term growth. I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thank you for your interest and your patience with this call -- during this call. I will now turn the call back to Debbie so we can hopefully take your questions.
Alan J. Dean: Okay, Mike. The returns for reimbursement was $1.5 million. So for us, that's kind of significant. And going forward, looking at our expenses for 2013 and what were -- our guidance for 2014, that's a 3% to 5% increase, that range, that $191 million to $196 million. And there's a couple of things going on here. First of all, we've got a -- the last vesting of our 2010 stock grant occurs in June of this year. So the amortization will end, and so that's reducing expenses. On the other hand, on the regulatory side, I've got a couple of things going on. I've got all the staff additions that occurred in 2013. I now have full year impact to 2014. In addition to that regulation is continuing to add staff, although not at the rate that we saw in 2013. And then we have systems adding staff in our efforts to harden our systems, as well as to modify, enhance, create applications for regulation. And so when you roll that in together, that's how we get to the 3% to 5% increase and guidance over what we're seeing in 2013.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, I'll give you one example, I think, where the timing is really directed toward the user and the users finding the extended time and trading at that time and may not be willing to wait until the open, and I'll have -- Ed will give you some -- what our guys in the street are hearing and who the user base is. Let's take the January 31 as an example, where you're right, we averaged around 8%, but a very, very volatile overnight day like the 31st, where we traded 52,000 contracts in the non-U.S. trading day. That percentage is closer to 15% of a day. So we know that we are answering the demand of overnight risk, where someone isn't willing to wait for the open of the U.S. market. So I think that, that's an example of accommodating the demand that would not be met unless we were open for those extended trading hours. But Ed's got different insight from our business development guys as to who actually is accessing these markets in non-U.S. trading days -- hours.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, Ken, I think it's also -- from our perspective, we think we'll attract even another new user base when we launch the short term contract next week, similarly to new SPX users. So as SPX Weeklys really took off over the last 1.5 years or so, we know that those are new users who've come to the SPX complex looking for shorter-term trading opportunities. We think the same thing and the same opportunity holds for us beginning next week when we launch VXST. So we continue to grow the base by slightly changing the contract specs, and in this case, a shorter duration.
Alan J. Dean: That is correct. There are no fee waivers or incremental fees for new people. No changes at all from the way we -- what we charge for an access fees for May 1 of last year through right now, and as far as I can see forward, no changes.
Alan J. Dean: Gaston, that's a good question. I'm going to say, I think it'll be somewhere in the middle. I don't think it'll be back to where we were in 2013 or 2012. But in a lot of respects, I look at what were the hardware that we're purchasing in 2014 and the systems application changes that we're making in 2014. Some of them are onetime or might just require enhancements going forward. So the way I'm looking at it right now, it's probably somewhere in the middle, maybe a little higher than the middle going forward. But that's how I see it right now.
Alan J. Dean: Yes. I do think that legal expenses, which is in outside services, will be lower in 2014. Maybe the run rate that we saw in the third and fourth quarter may continue into 2014, but there's another aspect of outside services you need to be aware of, and that's contract programmers, which is also in that line item. And so any expense related to contract programming, so any development, enhancement of existing applications that gets expensed in that, capitalized, run through that line item, and consistent with our system's hardening theme and regulatory systems creation, I see increases there in 2014.
Edward T. Tilly: Yes, I think, back to the open interest question, Rich, that we've had the last couple of quarters, I think, as we pointed out, we see there are users now following CBOE's tail risk hedge strategy in that they're accumulating and buying volatility exposure when volatility is at historic lows. And as volatility increases, they are lightening up on that exposure. So we saw, in the last couple of months, people following that pretty closely. And so open interest, not surprisingly, while it is increasing slightly, did not make a very big jump because we had such a spike in volatility over a short period of time. We did notice for the first time, as volatility -- I'm sorry, as open interest decreased, as is typical around expiration, it built up rather quickly as compared to historical past because of the increase involved. And back to the user base, as we've been telling you, the original users are trading bigger and bigger and looking for more volatile exposure and more volatile exposure. The high-frequency traders tend to like the higher-volatility volatility, and I think we saw a great deal of that over the last 2 months, specifically.
Edward T. Tilly: I think what you find is a pure volatility play. So if we look at risk in a portfolio, we can distinguish between a linear risk, long, short, and then Greek risk, which, as we're trying to pinpoint with a VIX contract, specifically volatility. So certainly, there are those that are looking to protect tail risk by using out-of-the-money SPX splits, but with those come Greek risks. So as the market moves down, obviously, those, "We're out of the money; put some in SPX," become, "In-the-money or out-the-money," and with that requires a much more constant hedging. By using a VIX contract, we're isolating that component of volatility -- of risk, called volatility, and you're able to take a position, long or short volatility, without all of the other Greek risk. So those are the 2 different users. I'm sure there has been some cannibalization of the out-of-the-money puts in SPX for example. But what we really think we've done here is by isolating the component of volatility, really attracted new users to a complex and new users with a completely different way to hedge their risks. That's the primary difference. So yes, some cannibalization, but growing a completely new user base who's simply interested in isolating the component volatility.
Edward T. Tilly: Kenneth, it's difficult. Because again, we don't have access to the detail at the customer account level. Obviously, all contracts are cleared through the options clearing operations, which is a separate organization from CBOE. But I will tell you that as we travel the globe and we engage clients both in the conferences which we organize, some of which we participate as speakers and then our one-on-one visits, the dialogue does reveal to us who among those clients we're speaking to are historically using our product, who -- which ones have been using, say, for example, SPX and maybe just transitioning to VIX, and others who have not been engaged in any of our proprietary products. So I can tell you, and the best example is our risk management conferences, which we run both here and in Europe. A significant component of those attendees are people that are brand-new to our product. So there's every reason to believe that we are engaging and bringing new clients into the business. That being said, we have clients who have been involved from Day 1 who are looking at different and new strategies, and we see them as increasing their use of the products as well. So it's a mix of both. It's a great question because we struggle to have as much precision around that question as possible, but it's really -- the answer really comes from a lot of different sources and a lot of dialogue.
Edward T. Tilly: Unfortunately, with this trajectory, as we've said in the past, that until we see a sustained plateau and we can identify where the penetration has been, this growth, as evidenced with the return to more historic levels of volatility, shows the increase in the potential going forward. So I wouldn't dare make a prediction on the penetration yet, when we're coming off of 2 record months just as we return to more historic levels of vol [volatility]. So no, I won't give you that number. But as we've always said in the past, if we see a plateau, it'll be easier for us to identify the next circle of users, if you will. But right now, we're still building this original user group.
Edward T. Tilly: A couple of questions in there, Chris, and I appreciate it. Yes, we believe branding is very, very important. We are the first mover. The open interest is with our VIX contracts, both futures and options. There has been volatility trading for as long as I can remember. I've been on the trading floor 25 years ago, and we traded volatility. We did not have a way to accurately measure and trade volatility on its own. VIX is the only contract that is tradable with an underline that can be replicated with the component parts that derive the volatility contract. That's very special. That's why the Globe has endorsed our methodology and why there are many licenses and other exchanges that use CBOE's methodology. So there will be other contracts coming out, I'm sure. I'm sure that the ISE's contract will not be the last. But we're very, very comfortable with where we find ourselves with the open interest and the growth in VIX. I will point out, if there's any success in that contract, in ISE, it will be because the users of those contracts have to hedge, and the only hedge is VIX futures and VIX options.
Edward T. Tilly: So sure. Let me bring you back a little bit and kind of outline our approach to OTC, and it's really one that we described pretty thoroughly way back on our roadshow, and it's just taken this long for the third leg to finally be approved at OCC. But initially, what we believed was exchanged look-alike contracts, those OTC contracts that trade OTC that are most like what's listed on the exchange, we needed to accommodate those. So we automated an SPXpm contract, which really lines up with the convention of OTC, a pm-settled contract. So with SPX, it's the traditional SPX. SPXpm and our Weeklys, we really satisfied the first users of the most exchanged look-alike contracts and then we automated our FLEX contracts, so that is the contract that allows users to customize the terms of a contract. By automating FLEX, we think we satisfied the second user, one OTC user, one that needs slightly more customization in their needs. And now finally, we told you on our roadshow that we clarified our agreement with Standard & Poor's that allows them to license to OCC the clearing of S&P 500 trades. It's very important to point out that CBOE benefits economically similarly in that the fees that OCC generates, CBOE receives something as if those trades occurred at CBOE. So we're optimistic that OTC users will clear at OCC, and very specific guidelines as to the contracts that will qualify for OCC clearing, and you can find that at the SEC.gov website. There are size and duration restrictions as to the type of contracts that can be cleared at OCC. So all in all, we think it's in the final prong to this approach that we outlined quite some time ago. And I think, importantly, from our perspective, we see the benefit not just in that first print, that first big OTC trade that clears at OCC, but rather, in the velocity of hedging of that trade that we think will occur in the traditional SPX on our floor or the SPXpm contract. So that's really what we think the opportunity is, even though we'll benefit from the economics of that trade that clears at OCC.
Edward T. Tilly: So first, I mean, in order, the things that we're really looking forward to as far as the calendar goes, next week is going to be a big one for us. We're probably most optimistic on the VXST launch. Then expanding the trading hours to include, as Ed Provost pointed out, a near 24 hours a day toward midyear. And then I think, if you look for the calendar, I think the best case for our venture with the CME would be late fourth quarter into -- and perhaps, 2015. That's actually how I think you should look at it. And then as far as the sharing, Alan's really against sharing specifics on those deals, so I won't go around him on that. But that's how -- when you look at it, it's really a fourth quarter, maybe beginning of next year.
Edward L. Provost: This is Ed Provost. So yes, last year, for the securities industry as a whole, the -- we had both on the stock side of the business and on the option side of the businesses, outages related to national market systems, to -- related to failures within broker-dealer systems that sent orders into the exchanges. And then, of course, the exchanges themselves, including CBOE, had its own issues. Ours was around our 40th anniversary celebration last April. So under the overall umbrella of Reg SCI, which will ultimately lay out regulatory requirements for things like disaster recovery and the timing that you will be allowed to recover that way, we are jumping ahead of that and making investments in our infrastructure. Examples of that being taking some of the hardware, which we utilize for multiple purposes and separating it out, even though it's designed to do multiple functions. But in order to reduce single points of failure, making investments in hardware to separate those functions so as to reduce the likelihood of any outage. Other kinds of things including enhanced testing, upgrading operating software and other things that we can do to ensure that our systems are as close to 100% over the course of 2014 as possible. Our track record really has been fabulous through the years. But last year, for the industry as a whole, and even for us in a couple of isolated instances, we had some outages. So we believe an investment in our technology will go a long way towards moving us toward that 100% mark, if at all that can be achieved. And we're optimistic that it can. One point I'll make is we had a very, very successful industry test just last weekend, in which we, on a Saturday, transitioned from our primary to our back-up data center in a matter of minutes. We had most all of our major liquidity providers connected. So we already feel great confidence in things we have accomplished in the time since we began making these investments. So we're very committed toward achieving this, and it does involve some expense.
Edward L. Provost: Well, so I'll answer your last question first, Alex. This is Ed Provost. The big end users, the traditional managed money, in particular, the pension space, the biggest hurdle is always whether or not the fund is allowed to trade options, and more broadly, to use derivatives. So that's always a challenge, has been for the 40-year history of the CBOE. We've made great progress, but it is still the case. In fact, we have a pension plan here in the CBOE building today that we're speaking to educating them about the use of option products. Not even as far down the line as VIX, but the basic SPX product, trying to help them understand not only how the product works, how it can increase their returns, but how to convince their board that they should be allowed to use options and other derivative products like options to manage their portfolio. So we still, to this day, have the hurdles at the institutional level, especially in the pension area, in getting them to be able to utilize the product. And then once we get past that, educating them on how to use it and then taking them down to using more advanced products like the VIX. So as to the specific strategies that hedge funds use, they're a bright group of people, and they have developed all kinds of different strategies that we have monitored. The BlackRock paper, which we often have referred to, talked about writing VIX options against long portfolios to generate the premium that would increase the return. So that's a very common strategy. We see multiple-legged spreads coming in, lots of sophisticated uses of the products. So again, it's -- this is a product that is still is in its infancy, we believe, not only in terms of the number of people using it, but the kinds of strategies that are being utilized by even the current users that are using the product. So we're feeling very confident. We speak about all of these at our conferences. And oftentimes, we end up learning a lot from our very sophisticated users about how they are using the product.
Edward L. Provost: Gaston, Ed Provost. Just to add that once Reg SCI comes out in final, and presumably, that will happen later this year, it will give us a better understanding of what the SEC requirements will be. As I've mentioned earlier on, we're running ahead of what we expect the SEC will require and doing things that we think are in the best interest of our company. So I would agree with Alan. It's a little hard to predict. My sense is we will have greater investment continued going forward, but probably, we'll have just -- this bump in 2014 will hopefully be a bump, and that's something that will be sustained at that high level in the years coming.
Edward L. Provost: I think -- Jillian, Ed Provost. I think it really does, at the beginning of the year, caused firms to relook at the various complicated fee schedules across the exchanges. And I think I can say with confidence that there has been some greater focus by some large firms as the new year has begun on the opportunities to consolidate their order flow and take advantage of some favorable pricing at CBOE. So I think that, in conjunction with the higher volatility, has benefited CBOE's market share, and hopefully, that will be sustained through the year.
