Fred Tomczyk: We are excited about both the near- and long-term opportunities to grow and expand our business and believe we have strong momentum as we head into 2024. We are well positioned to leverage our global footprint, our leading-edge technology and continued product innovation to unlock the value of a global network that Cboe has built. And I am excited about the opportunities we see to drive revenue and earnings growth across our platforms.
Fred Tomczyk: Okay. So first, I think on the sharpening the focus, I mean, back to when I was on the Board and the strategy of Cboe was more asset classes, more geographies, and I thought that was pretty broad. So now that I'm the CEO, basically want to sharpen that focus, which I have always been on my predecessor about sharpening that focus and making some choices. I think where we are right now is basically, we've built this global network. We've got the global platform. We've got most of the technology converted. We have one left. I think it's now up to us to sharpen our focus in terms of where we see the biggest opportunity to invest organically to drive growth across that platform now that we have one common technology platform. Definitely, the M&A activity has slowed down and will continue to be slowed down. But we will continue to look at things on an opportunistic basis where we see something that's of interest to us, but we want to make sure it's strategic, it's financially attractive and it drives good shareholder value over time. With respect to the FX business, it's performing well. It's been a good business for us. So we remain happy with that business. I understand our core game is securities and securities derivatives businesses, but the FX business continues to perform well for us. And we don't need the money or anything. So I think right now, we're very comfortable with our position there.
Fred Tomczyk: Yes. And as we go through the strategic review, we’ll continue to sharpen our focus. But as we’re early in the process, once we get through it more, we’ll be clear to everyone about exactly how we’re sharpening our focus.
Fred Tomczyk: Okay. Thanks, Patrick. I mean, certainly, this space with the regulatory uncertainty has caused this asset class to take longer to develop both than we anticipated. Having said that, there continues to be an asset class that there’s a lot of interest in. And what many participants are looking for is what we’re trying to build: a regulatory-friendly and robust market for crypto. Obviously, we’re happy we got the crypto ETF so. We’ve launched margin future. So we’re doing that. But we also recognize it’s going to take time to build an ecosystem for a new and emerging asset class. So we’re trying to be patient but continue to focus on it. Right now, we’re very much focused on building out the derivative side of the crypto market, which is our bread and butter. That’s what we’re known for. And that number two, building on a robust ecosystem of both retail and institutional market participants. And as I said, these things take time with the new and emerging asset class. But we’ll continue to monitor, make decisions accordingly. But we think we’ll be patient here and continue to try to innovate and build a more robust market and build on the derivative side. That’s where we’re focused right now.
David Howson: So, Dan, I would add, obviously, the FX business performed very well within that market share for 21.3%. And when you think about it in relation to the other businesses, it is a global business. And we are building a global securities and derivatives network. And the technology platform that runs the FX business really suits the needs of that space very well. And it allowed us to step into an adjacency there with only a small incremental investment as we look at the U.S. treasuries platform that we've been building out. And there, we launched and we're now seeing early trades and a good pipeline there. So the business has a good runway for us. And it being global and that overlap of client base, the synergy there really something we find quite powerful.
David Howson: Thanks a lot, Ken. SPX volumes there in Q4 about 3.3 million contracts, a good solid run into January as well as we go through. When you think about the SPX complex and then even take a step back to overall Cboe’s volatility toolkit that we talk about, that is the complex that investors have found great utility to be nimble and to manage that uncertainty where we will be hedging, positioning and repositioning portfolio across tenants. It's not just about 0DTE, and that's where you see that fluctuation in the percentage of trading that is 0DTE really depend on what's happening. Some of our biggest volume days have indeed seen a lower proportion of 0DTE trading as people reposition their portfolios, potentially catch up to a market rally or simply hedge a broader portfolio. So that percentage of 0DTE has flexed over time. It's really in that range of 40% to 50% there. But the great thing we see is that overall utility of the complex. And with 0DTE itself, if you drill down one step further, we've seen that evolution of the growth of non-retail engagement in the usage of shorter-dated tenors. Last year, around about 55% to, call it, 60% of overall 0DTE in SPX was what we call non-retail, which includes professional retail in that non-retail segment. This quarter just gone, it's nearly 70%, around about 68%. So great thing there is the engagement from the institutional side of the market, they're really finding greater utility. And as you mentioned, 0DTE, in general, that shorter-dated tenor applicability for customers out there, we added Tuesday and Thursday, we said in prepared remarks, to the Russell complex really allowing small cap investors many the same strategies that they’re enjoying in that -- in the bigger SPX large-cap U.S. market index there.
David Howson: We see some rotation there, certainly different strategies deployed. And we see and hear many of our customers talking about actually an interest in single name options capability. We hear on earnings calls like this a variety of liquidity providers and retail brokers really continuing to engage in options in general. The overall adoption for index options and particularly the SPX is really that elevated macro uncertainty that people are dealing with, managing their portfolios on that macro basis as they adjust to news, the uncertainty, the Fed, inflation, growth estimates. And of course, the U.S. election is really contributing to people really telling that index suite to really be able to manage that portfolio risk and actually fine-tune exposures as they look throughout the year there.
David Howson: Thanks very much, Owen. The expanding access is obviously a big focus for us now with a global footprint that allows us more boots on the ground, more access to local customers who would like to gain an access exposure to the Cboe volatility toolkit, in particular, the SPX and VIX options there. The single-digit percentage of overall volumes that we see in global trading hours really, we think, provides a solid runway when we look at other potential comparables out there. And so our focus is really adding those new retail brokers and brokers internationally that you spoke about there. We've got several coming on in 2024, including, obviously, we've heard on various earnings calls the addition of Robinhood likely later on this year, which we find very exciting for that complex as a whole from the SPX all the way through to the XSP products. And that's really a key focus for us onboarding new participants to the complex. But also, I would note that the expansion of the institutional, the non-retail engagement in the SPX complex has been really compelling and interesting for us as that liquidity has built the quality of the order book, the pricing, the capability to trade as and when investors need to really draw in new strategies as well, for example, from QIS desk and so on. So we're excited about new strategies and new funds deploying capital into SPX more broadly. So that really speaks to that increased wider adoption not just from retail, but from new institutional strategies that can gain benefit from that solid ecosystem that we’ve been able to build out.
David Howson: Thanks very much. The focus of product development here at Cboe really is that simplification of potentially OTC and complex strategies, really striving to bring capital efficiencies to our customers across wallet sizes, so bringing investment strategies to all wallet sizes. So just look at the global trading hours we just spoke about, think about the XSP is bringing the SPX exposure, the S&P 500 exposure to a smaller wallet size, the Russell Tuesday, Thursday there, all good organic initiatives. When you think about the indices we launched last year, you've got the dispersion index and the credit VIX as you mentioned. The dispersion index there, we aim to have a future available on that indicator later on this year, subject to regulatory approvals and final product design requirements. And then think about the expansion of the MSCI contract, three new tradable products, two volatility indices there, more exposures you’ve got now at Cboe. With index options, you have global exposures, you’ve got U.S. exposure and you’ve got small cap exposures that you can trade with the potential for further product development from there. And then we mentioned finally, new asset classes. We’ve already got the iBoxx credit futures, that first listed credit future available in the United States, really amenable to funds that cannot trade securities to be able to manage their risk and hedge any portfolio risk there as well. The option on futures that we launched last year will also bring optionality to that new asset class. When you combine them together, you think about credit mix with a credit future as you think about dispersion index next to the VIX Index, you’ve got a variety of indicators from a variety of slices of exposures and asset classes that customers can come to Cboe and in a single place, manage all of those in a single place. So what you should see -- expect to see from Cboe is as we build these liquidity pools and these ecosystems that we will incrementally push these forward. But always, we’re going to be led by customer demand. So we’re going to go wherever our customers ask us to go. So that will be an evolving process as we go through year to year.
David Howson: And certainly, I would add to that a little bit in that the customer networks and relationships we have globally alone we've been able to bring to bear in Canada, look at the market share growth to 15.3% from 13.6% year-over-year. And with that common platform, that global reach, it means that we're able to also turbocharge BIDS and other trading initiatives. With a single platform, we can bring new functionalities to Canada and that common experience Chris talked about. And then you mentioned that the corporate listings business in Canada is a strong part of the business there. And with our exchanges around the world for a small incremental investment, we can actually begin to offer customers a global experience. And that’s shown through actually in the ETP growth that we’ve got from a listings perspective in North America, 56 new ETPs launched in Q4 against 34 in Q3. And in fact, in January already, we’re on track for 40 new ETPs. So just think about the uniformity of that global scale really coming into the forefront there as we think about all of our footprints around the world.
David Howson: Yes, certainly. I think the headline is a stronger market dynamic in December is the headline for Q4. When you look at our addressable market share across Q4 is around about 26% of the addressable market. So that's outside of the TRS at the close. In December, it went up to over 27%. And that market dynamic, as you mentioned, there's a confluence of contributing factors. That was number one. Volumes hit 12.4 billion shares on a daily basis in December, higher than the 10 or 11 or so for prior months. The mix shift, the higher percentage of sub dollar trading in December went up to 19% of overall trading versus 30% from earlier months and certainly showing that higher retail engagement in December. And finally, layering on to that, a higher activity from market makers pushed customers up through tiers in December and really reduced that capture. And as Jill said, we responded as this convention in U.S. equities market on a monthly price change basis in January. We’ve seen our capture come back up, and we’ve managed to maintain market share while doing that. We announced more changes for February, and we expect that trend to continue while achieving stable market share. So really, headline is market dynamics fee changes allow us to be more competitive there, but we are doing a number of things to be more competitive across our multi-list environment throughout the rest of 2024.
