Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. In closing, I want to thank our valued customers who engage with us every day, providing liquidity to our markets, utilizing our products and services and supporting our vision. They are valued partners that have been critical to our success over the last 50 years. I'm extremely proud of our people, past and present, who helped build an incredible company and continue to chart the future success for Cboe. Our 50-year legacy is built on trust, relentless innovation and a drive to disrupt the status quo, powered by the exceptional strength of our people. Together, we have created an exchange like no other, the exchange for the world stage.
Ed Tilly: Really good. Let's take half a step back and deal with the VIX 1 day first, and then we'll go with Dave on product, product expansion, some pricing. And just as a recall, the benchmark VIX, the 30-day implied number, we use real prices remember, Rich, of the S&P 500 to calculate that non-tradable benchmark. And that was really put out to the marketplace as information. We believe that the more information and transparency that we have into the market, the better informed customers, traders will be. So it's that line of development that we followed with the one day. And you point out the explosive growth of zero that started about a year ago, about as we say, close to half of the SPX volume in one and two-day expiry. The 30-day VIX number was not capturing the implied volatility in one and two days. And so we wanted to put a benchmark out there that informed the market on what short-term implied volatility look like, a better picture. So look, think of it this way. If you look at the Chicago 10-day forecast, May 16, for example, I'd say 70 and sunny. And that's really interesting until you go outside and it's 40% and raining. Is the 10-day wrong? Absolutely not. We're just not capturing -- we're looking through today's thunderstorm and looking out 10 days. We wanted to capture today's forecast, and that is what the implied volatility measure in one day, and that is to inform investors on a better look at short-term uncertainty. Now, expansion in pricing and growth. Let me turn it over to Dave, and we'll give you a little bit more color on the zeros.
Ed Tilly: Yes. I think what we really try to point to and distinguish what's been written, and we've been very consistent saying that the first adoption, the first users, as I say, almost a year ago, were coming from retail platforms primarily. That does not mean that this was a retail play. So, we think institutional, more professional customers coming off that IV platform and thinkorswim. Those were the ones that we have been pointing out over time as the early adopters. Now we see a more broad use. We see higher touch desks engaging. Look, we're informed by our customers. We are in the business of listening. And we listened to Thomas Peterffy, who gave color from the IV platform and said the adoption is just beginning in some of the categories and the users that he sees. So we do see more and more adoption. And that's for the use case, it really is to capture the news of the day. This really allows investors to pinpoint the uncertainty in the daily news cycle to trade around that news without buying weeks or months of premium to hedge against or take a position in short-term moves. Great example, two days ago. I don't want Friday exposure. I want to know and hedge around what the Fed is going to say 1:30 Central Time, and that's the risk I'm trying to isolate. One day is a perfect example on how to capture that move without having to buy premium that last days and weeks and months into the future. So we are measuring the potential in the amount of inbounds that we have for data around and modeling short-term exposure and the data around what is trading, open interest strike -- the dispersion around various strikes in one day. So we know that there is a great -- there's a great amount of study and back testing going on with the use case. And we're encouraged by the commentary and the feedback that we're getting from our user groups more broadly, not just in the first movers.
Ed Tilly: Yes. So the track record that we have, if you look back in VIX, VIX was first a benchmark that became a tradable futures contract. So that is the playbook that we'll use. So right now with one day VIX out there, the process that we've begun now is to educate. The market will digest the information. And as you can observe, this has been quite a volatile VIX benchmark, meaning we can see -- we see days of 50%, 70%, 90% moves in the one day and the 30-day more typical 10% move. So the models and understanding measuring short-term vol and the feedback that we have with customers will allow our Cboe labs to explore the possibilities of a tradable product. So stay tuned. That is always the objective here is how to turn indicators that are useful to the marketplace into tradable products for various hedging and different exposures. So yes, the plan would be to develop something that we can bring to the market that is tradable.
Ed Tilly: Yes, it's a great question, and it's one that we have begun to observe, I would say, over the last six months and trending a little bit higher as the liquidity increases in the dailies. So -- but I want to first say that the ecosystem and the power of the 500 complex for us in all of the development and all of the benchmarks in our expansion relies on an incredibly deep liquid futures market. So our market makers are huge, huge customers of the CME futures. We need that futures market to be deep and liquid. So we're a champion of the ecosystem in general. Now naturally, if you're a market maker and you're trading zero day, your ideal hedge is an exposure that matches up with the initiating trade. So if you're opening as part of your liquidity provider obligation and selling a daily call, the least effective or the most expensive hedge you can have is a futures contract that you may have to trade out of at the end of the day. That's a -- to future churn, and that's not a bad thing. But what would you rather do? You'd rather have a hedge that expires at the same time as the initial trade. That would be another option in the daily. So not surprisingly, market makers look now to a very liquid daily option market for the first hedge. And that trend, we anticipate to continue not because the futures contract is necessarily bad. It's just that it will require -- it may require at the end of the day, another futures trade where option to option, both options would roll off at the same time. So that's what we talk about when we look at another use case. It is like exposure, hedged like exposure, super efficient, very cost effective. And that is not to take away from a very vibrant and liquid market across the street. So that is a trend that continues. It's just optimizing trading from a market maker's perspective, very natural. And it's a progression because the market is so deep and so liquid in the dailies.
Ed Tilly: I have a closing remark, and thanks, Ken, for letting me take the opportunity. Sorry, Rich, but we want to take a moment to note that this is your last call ahead of retirement later this summer. Everyone knows, Rich has just been a constant on the Cboe earnings call since our IPO in 2010 and one of the first just to understand the power of this index franchise and always highlighting the durability of our product set. So Rich, we wish you all the best in everything you do in the future and certainly look forward to seeing you at your conference in June. So thank you so much for the years and years of coverage and dialogue.
Dave Howson: Thanks, Ed, and thanks, Rich, for pointing out the sustained and consistent volumes there in the zero days to expiration. As we look at the SPX family, we do really see it as a family of products. You mentioned that the XSP product, the one-tenth size contract of the SPX. What we see, you can see some in the figures there, some good growth of the XSP contract itself as customers also to find utility in the small products. And what we find is through the education of end users and customers that are coming to the complex and growing, we hear from our customers that new account openings meaningfully increased in Q1 with those customers trading the SPX and the XSP family. And indeed, we see graduations from XSP users to SPX as well as people finding also utility in the XSP contract itself. You talked about pricing there as well, Rich. And when we look across actually our business in general, our priority is expanding access and distribution, getting that incremental users engaged in the products or viewing our data. So, at this point in time, we don't see a particular need for us to increase their pricing across the product landscape at this point. Really, it's about further adoption. And when we look at the trends, it looks very positive.
Dave Howson: Yes. And certainly, the revenue profile for the year is really living up to our own projections and expectations with that acceleration in the second half of this year. And the uniformity of the technology with the Australian platform really does help the adoption of data. And we've seen that elsewhere as Brian mentioned. And notably around the cloud, 17% of new users actually in Q1 came from Australia. So boots on the ground, re-platforming completed, really just increased the uptake and interest in the data from the region. We've done the re-platforming. And then mentioning on the indices from the real highlight is the options overlay indices that are really getting a lot of traction right now with our business and with our customers. And then the risk management and analytics sleeve in the Data and Access Solutions business, that global analytics capability that we rolled out in Q1, the addition of European data really picking up clients in Europe there as well as the pipeline looking good for the rest of the year. And as Brian said, on top of that, the Cboe one options product as part of that broader Cboe one family, that packaging of data really part of the growth that we see realizing in the second half of this year.
Dave Howson: Sure. Thanks for the question. So the -- we reported in the prepared remarks there the record volumes that we've seen in particular, in February, the tightening of the spread, the depths improving that. The syndicate members, we're over halfway through onboarding those now and seeing the benefit as they optimize that interaction with the platform and continue to filled out as we look forward. And we're looking forward to and continue to engage with the CFTC on the margin futures approval.
Dave Howson: And so talking the Canadian strategy, what are the benefits in being -- having a meaningful market share in every market open to competition is we've got a broad playbook to look to and a broad set of customers to engage and seek their counter on where we should go next. Roughly the market share has improved, and we've been very pleased to see that. That's become from a number of tactical strands the team has deployed, the first of which is a number of execution consulting or insight pieces where we provide commentary on the relative benefits of the 4 books we have available for trading underneath our Cboe Canada banner now, those finding different utility with our customers as we engage them to continue growth there. So what you'll see in the future is continued enhancements around pricing, around functionality and feature sets. And in particular, you also mentioned BIDS. BIDS has been a great story for us. Last quarter when I talked about having 75 buy side on the platform, now it's 103. And in fact, only 30 of those are Canadian buy sides. There you really see the power of the global network of BIDS kicking in, in a single quarter. If you contrast that to Europe, it's been well established and the number one platform. We have over 250 buy side there. So rapidly catching up to that count in Canada. So we see great benefits of that global network for BIDS bringing benefit to the local Canadian marketplace there. When you look across the world, we have 14% market share in Canada. We're 25% in April in Europe and around about 20% in Canada. So these are benchmarks that we look to as we think about where we can go.
Dave Howson: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. The conversations with the CFTC continue. The application is still with the CFTC and going through the process. We have a number of SCMs lined up and ready to begin to onboard once we receive that application. And from there, things will -- once they've onboarded, things will move pretty quickly.
