Deborah Koopman: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our CEO, will discuss the quarter and our strategic initiatives for 2015; then Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will detail our fourth quarter 2014 financial results and provide guidance on certain financial metrics for 2015. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be our President and COO, Ed Provost. In addition, I’d like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides. We will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold. And while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect our forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Ed Tilly.
Deborah Koopman: Thanks, Alan. At this point, we would be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get to everybody and feel free to get back in the queue and if time permits we will take second question.
Deborah Koopman: Thank you. I want to thank everybody for their interest in CBOE and I am available all day if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Ed Tilly: Well, Rich, no. What we are saying is not necessarily a decrease in the front month, but rather this could be the new norm. If 19 is our new normal, I would anticipate them the back end of the curve slopping upward toward the mid 20s, 22, 23, 24, 25, that’s a pretty normal spread we can still remain in contango. So, what is unusual is just the flat shape? We don’t see that very often. I think you have to go back to 2008, 2009 to see this flat curve. Now, all of that said Rich, it’s about 3 weeks worth of data. So, we didn’t see this in December. We have just seen this in January. So, primarily just focusing on VIX options strategy, those are the users on the sideline. VIX futures while we saw some pretty terrific calendar spread trading pickup throughout the year, last year, there is very little attractiveness to trading that calendar when the difference between front month and October is less than a point. You really don’t trade in and out of that curve. So, what we have seen in VIX futures though to pickup the slack and why that’s still up month over a year is because the day trader is trading with much more frequency, because of the higher VVIX, but we have that calendar spread around the sideline in the futures. We have the term structure, the trade rolls up and down the volatility curve on the sideline in the options. That said, all the terrific backdrop for us in the flagship SPX which traded almost 1 million contracts a day in January, we have never seen anything like it before. So, the complex itself, trading the 500, hedging your exposure to the 500 is still very robust, we are pretty pleased with it overall. And I think a return to a normal shape of the curve brings back the VIX options trader and the calendar futures trader, while we are going to rely on the active day trader and the VIX futures in the meantime.
Ed Tilly: Yes. I think also Alex this is an opportunity for us now with broadening the products that we are bringing globally. You couldn’t be more excited about a March launch and announcing that today for VIX options and SPX options. It really allows the team to get out there. And then of course MSCI to really offer to a growing customer base CBOE’s growing set of unique products only to CBOE. So, you may hear a more tempered approach but our sales guys couldn’t be more excited. And I think there is enthusiasm around both the ETH launch for options and MSCI in broadening our reach for global hedging.
Ed Tilly: So, it doesn’t last long, just like when we see spikes when VIX in that normal upward slope contango, when we see spikes in backwardation where the front month is higher than the back months, that doesn’t last long either. Again, this is a very small data set of basically the last few weeks. What I would point you to similarly what we pointed you to in May is go to our CFE website. You get to see the term structure real time, the futures prices are up there today. They are up there every day in real time. And you can see basically 19% to 20.5%, 20.75% over the next 10 months, which is really, really flat. So, you will either see a new normal at 19% and upward slopping into the mid-20s or you will see the front month coming down. I can’t predict that. We use real prices of the S&P 500 options. And when those settle, you will see a change either to the front month, or you will see a new norm and the back month will tick up. I can’t predict time, I would say that a very unusual from a trader’s perspective to see moves in the S&P 500 of 3% or so in a given week, that’s really, really unusual. We have had – any given day, we can move 20 handles, that is historically, unsustainable. But again, I can’t predict the future. I use real prices like everyone else when I look out over that term structure. The website will tell you, will give you a pure good look into what those that are insuring the 500 are willing to pay for insurance.
Ed Tilly: Yes. I think the difference is really the futures industry is we didn’t introduce extended trading hours in the futures industry. We picked up an industry who is used to trading around the clock. For example, Globex has been opened 24 and three quarter hours for quite some time. We love that, we follow that model and have been very successful in trading VIX futures in non-U.S. trading hours. Uniquely, now CBOE will launch on the security side, SPX options and VIX options. So there is a difference. There is a different user base. We are excited about it. Our most active traders are looking forward to the launch. We have got liquidity providers testing with us and ready to provide some really meaningful quotes. So it is different, it is unique. CBOE paving the way again for introducing and allowing access into the U.S. market in the non-U.S. trading days. So I would point out the biggest difference is the futures users are used to this and the securities guys this will be new and CBOE is bringing that to the marketplace.
Ed Tilly: Yes. So, let me start, I am going to turn it over to Ed Provost, there certainly are ones that come more naturally to us and ones that present a bigger challenge. What we said on the launch of the 10-year is getting into the fixed income space is new to us. It’s new to our liquidity providers and it’s going to take a longer lead time. What’s more natural obviously is extending trading hours in products that are in our core, SPX options and VIX options and extended trading hours, different challenges, but once that we are much more comfortable with. I would point out that you mailed, we need to launch new products, first with liquidity. And as we go back and look at our successes, it’s because we have got anchored tenants posting liquidity from the opening bell to the closing bell in meaningful quality markets. And without that, new products are not setup to succeed. We think we do a very good job of that. But I will turn it over to Ed and he can touch on some of what we are hearing from his business development guys.
Ed Tilly: Yes. That’s a great question Patrick. In 2014, we saw three things happen in market data fees. First of all, we had an increase in market share and that drove our operating revenue. So, operating revenue is driven by each exchange’s share of industry options trade. So, that was a big driver in 2014. But we also saw some pricing changes affect that line item and that drove another although other smaller part of the increase. But the other two items that were drivers were CFE, our futures exchange market data fees, which we continue to see growth in and our own streaming markets that we sell. So, the largest part was operating revenue, but we are seeing growth on CFE and our streaming market side as well.
Ed Tilly: Yes. And then one more thought, I mean that’s the U.S. approach and I think the trend is just beginning globally and picking up exposure for us with MSCI really allows our guys to go out and we have gotten out two risk management conferences outside of the U.S. That’s just beginning for us. So, in our business development guys and our teachers go out, the suite now in attracting not just U.S. exposure and hedging that in funds, but rather now being able to use MSCI and that suite of products, it really opens a lot more doors for us.
Ed Tilly: Well, you have to think about, Brian, mix. And so if you saw softer volumes and equity options and ETF options, but SPX and VIX and VIX futures remains strong than our overall RPC is going to jump. And conversely, if you saw an incredibly strong equity in the ETF category, it would negatively impact our overall RPC. I talked about RPC by category a few questions ago and so that’s how we are looking at our PC today.
Ed Tilly: We don’t manage the operating margin although, it’s a byproduct and it’s a formula. And I am going to be stating some things that I am sure are obvious to you, but it starts on the revenue side, coming up with proprietary products that we can charge premium pricing on maximizing the growth rate of our current product suite. I think we are doing that for education and business development efforts, other business development efforts there and that driving revenue, looking at fees and fees is much an art as it is a science. We have to be careful about what we do in fees and all of our product categories. And we think we are – but we want to maximize that revenue. In VIX futures, it’s possible to increase those fees, but I don’t want to do something that would stop the next big futures firm from trading VIX futures. I just wouldn’t want to do that. So, that’s part of the equation. The other part is the expense side and the leverage that margin doesn’t work unless we do the right job on the expense side. And I think we have a pretty good history of controlling expenses. I think our guidance for next year is – it should be no surprise to anyone, it’s I have always said 3% to 5% year-over-year on core operating expenses, that’s how it’s looking for next year again. And if we see volume downturns, we respond. And for instance in 2014, our initial guidance was in the mid 190s and we saw a volume downturn in the late spring and into the summer. We have responded by pretty dramatically cutting cost and lowering our guidance for the year. So, that’s the formula. I don’t guide to an operating or I don’t have a target for an operating margin number. All the pieces underneath have to be watched and worked on. And if we do the job there, then the operating margin works.
Ed Tilly: So, yes, back to the same answer. So, VIX options are priced off of VIX futures. So, you are right to point out the futures, that’s basically that flat curve. What we used, if you look at the history and the growth of VIX futures, we began with a hedging vehicle for our market makers trading VIX options. You are right you point out the ETP growth driven by major institutions offering their customers sponsored ETPs that were designed to replicate exposure to various portions of the volatility curve. That growth was terrific and it really moved us to the next level. We picked up calendar spread traders and day traders as the daily volume got to a critical mass we are able to attract them. So what continues and what’s fallen away in a flat curve? What’s fallen away a bit is the calendar spread trader. As I said, there is roughly a point maybe between front month and October, so not really attractive trading in and out of calendars at this point, but what has really served us well is being able to attract that day trader with the volatility of volatility or VVIX up about 100. The day trader has more than compensated for the lack of interest from a calendar spread trader and we are up obviously this year about 220,000 to 225,000 contracts a day on the futures side. So, we think both the ETP, the calendar spread trader come back as the term structure changes and we think the VIX options trader comes back as well. I don’t know if that answered your question, but that’s the difference between the futures, why we still see the futures volume growing is because we have this day trader. It is very, very active in a 100 VVIX environment.
Ed Provost: Hi, Alex, it’s Ed Provost. So, as you know and we have discussed this, we have very, very experienced team both on the futures and the securities side engaging buy side clients, mostly institutional, some retail on a regular continuous basis both domestically and abroad. We evaluate the messages that are brought back on a regular and ongoing basis. We see as Ed mentioned, the little slowdown in the VIX options is very much being market conditions driven, no lack of enthusiasm, no lack of interest, still increased connectivity, especially on the futures side. So, we are – we continue to be very optimistic. We are looking at record attendance at our Risk Management Conference coming up in March, where we speak solely about the products that are proprietary to CBOE. So, we are – we couldn’t be more optimistic about not only the current user base, but those parties in particular pension space, who have not historically used our products, but who are adapting to using our products in the future.
Ed Provost: So, yes, just add to what Ed said, it really is a balance of the liquidity provision and getting order flow providers prepared for and to promote the use of the products. VXTYN, whole new product set for us, a much bigger challenge in getting continuous liquidity in that product, but we have gotten that going that we think pretty well. MSCI products pretty much are consistent with our current mainstream products, won’t be a big challenge. Extended trading hours in VIX and SPX options, we have three dedicated DPMs starting at 2 AM, we feel very, very good about that. So it has a lot to do with the product and the space that we are operating in. The closer it is to our historical product line, the better it is, the newer it is, the greater the challenge. And that’s true on the order flow side as well. The users of the VXTYN, a different user set for us. So, new people to meet, lots of more – lots of greater challenges in engaging that audience as opposed to again MSCI products which is basically the same user set that we are running into all the time at our Managing Directors Conference. So, different products present different challenges. As we look to diversify our product set, we will find ourselves engaging new users both on the liquidity provider side and the order flow side. But, we have recognized that and we are well equipped to handle both.
Ed Provost: Yes. So, I will add to that, Chris. Take a look at the white paper. It really is an impressive study of the fantastic growth of funds utilizing option strategies and the fact that people can increase returns. And in some cases, it actually reduced risk at the same time. So, I think that gives an addition to the TAB study a great perspective on the – on what I will call another form of the institutional use of options. We speak oftentimes about the pension space, but the fund space has grown fabulously as that white paper pointed out.
Ed Provost: So, Brian, Ed Provost. MSCI launched I think end of first quarter and revenue impact obviously beginning there and going forward. As to the market share situation, been pretty stable, multiply-listed options very much in the 20%, 21% leading the group. We like the business. It’s not on a revenue per contract basis nearly as lucrative as our proprietary products, but we like the business. We compete aggressively and we feel as though we are optimizing revenue in that space. Our overall market share was obviously going to ebb and flow more based upon the activity levels than our proprietary products, but the market share wise, we like our position, it’s strong. And in my perspective, as it’s been pretty stable for a good number of months, I don’t read anything quite frankly into the early February numbers, but we feel – so this will be a strong market share year for us.
