Ed Tilly: Thank you, Brian. Before I close, I wanted to highlight our 2022 ESG Report, which was published last month. This report covers the important progress we have made on our environmental, social and governance initiatives, including our commitment to reach net-zero emissions by 2050, an exciting endeavor designed to help ensure Cboe does its part to help combat climate change. I want to thank the entire Cboe team and our customers for another great quarter. I couldn’t be more excited about the progress we continue to make and I believe we are well-positioned to continue to innovate, integrate and grow as we head into the second half of the year.
Ed Tilly: Got you. Thanks, Rich, Good setup. It's really a continuation of the entire year. And if you recall from the last quarter, we called out that options really look relatively cheap. And what we mean by that is the movements in the S&P 500, what they're realizing, the daily moves in excess of 1%. And we look at implied volatility with the price of those options are, they're relatively cheap. So there's a lot of attention, both institutional and retail platforms, looking at that complex and finding great opportunity. And you call out exactly the list that we've seen after adding Tuesdays and Thursdays, that interest is coming from retail platforms. That appears to be sustainable. What I mean by that is, even in the days where the realized movement of the S&P 500 is less than at 1%. Volume doesn't really track and doesn't fall off much. So we like what we're seeing as the daily interest is building. And we see that continuing, obviously past the quarter that we've just reported into July, for sure. So see no sign of letting up. I think we're learning a lot from adding dailies. And as I called out in the prepared remarks, to the tune of a couple 100,000 contracts a day additive in the complex, those are all good signs for us. So I think for now, in this environment, we look out over the volatility term structure, the market is telling us this uncertainty will continue. And we think no reason to think that the interest from retail platforms won't continue. So super short, dated options still in favor. And adding those dailies really has met the demand for that exposure. So we expect that to continue on. Thanks, Rich.
Ed Tilly: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Brian. So bottom line, we have not changed that perspective, as far as the contribution. Short answer. So with that I will turn it to Dave, as far as kind of the outlook, kind of the business strategy go-forward look.
Ed Tilly: I'll dive in here a little bit is that I would say, obviously, we think there's an opportunity as we continue to put that in place. As we continue look at the revenue synergies, I think with respect as we look at the overall Cboe network, I think it's just becoming increasingly important component is that as far as we're seeing early wins and successes, so Dave, if you want to talk a little bit more about that as well.
Ed Tilly: So let me start with a broader trading environment. And we're just informed on by volatility term structure and how our customers are pricing risk over time. The elevation in the back months still say that there is risk in the marketplace. And for us, that continues to be trading opportunity, positioning opportunity and really positioning around the broader economic drivers in not just the U.S market, but the global market. So we are informed by that volatility service and don't see much changing in the short-term, meaning continued growth and adoption and engagement in the SPX complex. And in particular, we'll be watching and learning how we can continue to roll out contracts that meet the demand of investors. And in this case, the growth has come from retail platforms. So a lot of effort and concentration on that adoption of super short dated, the utility. And from there, hopefully, we'll be able to teach and broaden the base of users and adoption. Then I'll turn over to Brian for a little bit more color.
Ed Tilly: And if I may, just a quick chime in on another global asset class or in the Cboe FX business, had a good quarter in this environment. Activity is high, but also in terms of extensions into a new asset class we expect in the latter half of this year to see UST, U.S Treasuries go live, we received FINRA approval, and we have onboarding of customers coming on into the latter part of this year.
Ed Tilly: Yes, I think what we're learning from Tuesday, Thursday, and what we should be contemplating is in cash settled derivatives, which are really in vogue in the super short dated the possible expansion of our smaller contracts like SXP, which is one-tenth at our Nano contract, which is just getting early adoption as retail -- further adoption for retail platforms, [indiscernible] for example, just came online, which is a good move for us as we roll out strategies that have historically been institutional based. And of course now for retail platforms interest in the 500, the Nano was really designed for the early retail adopter and retail platforms for exposure in the broader market and giving them the same access to the S&P 500. So we're in early days on the Nano contract, and I think, a reinvigoration of an access view [ph] which as I said, one-tenth SPX. So I like that. And I like continuing to look at how to expand Tuesday, Thursday into contracts that are more retail focused. So I think that's what you should see us. As far as the OTC, really the opportunity would be in the volatility complex where OTC tends to be notionally roughly the same size. We say roughly the same size as what you see trading listed. That conversion, we have to look at sensitivities around the execution costs, trading listed versus the risk of trading bilaterally or clearing bilaterally off exchange. So a lot of work to do in the opportunity set around the OTC index, but I wouldn't say as much in SPX.
Ed Tilly: Yes, it's a great question. And I want to be really careful when we choose our words. You'll note that I say retail platform and don't necessarily mean that that's a retail trader on a retail platform. There are pros coming through retail platforms, many times in algorithms. I would expect the great many of the daily expiry growth is algos loving the short dated exposure. And in a market that's moving, as I say, implied move of roughly 1% a day, terrific opportunity. So the growth from retail platforms in the single day and the participations in the 80s. So really, really high concentration retail platform in those weekly options. Third Friday continues to be traditionally more broad market, greater position hedging as similar as what we see in the VIX complex. So really adoption in those weekly is that big growth coming from retail platform.
Richard Repetto: Good morning, Ed. Good morning, Brian and team. Ed, I think I'll focus on the SPX complex because you've seen such strong results there. And thanks for all the detail. I guess the question is, we've seen a pullback, it seems like retail is driving a good portion of it as well as your own innovation with the weekly contracts and volatility. But I guess, with the year-to-date run versus last year, the index options run 30% up. So I guess the question is around the resilience, and whether the retail is -- you think is going to be sticky, sticky enough going forward? Because we've seen in other products, we've seen retail retract, like we haven't seen it in index options here, I guess. So, comments on the index options. This is the question, Ed. Thanks.
Richard Repetto: I guess to make it simpler, if you take -- just take your expense guidance is 6.59 to 6.67, subtract Neo to 30 to 35. Those -- the increases ex Neo and ErisX are about 14%, I guess. The expense increase is ex acquisitions appear to be a 14%, If I'm doing my math, right.
Richard Repetto: But I thought the 5.53 base included the normalized 2021 for expenses, for the acquisition, I could be wrong on that. Okay, I'm good. We can talk offline on this.
David Howson: Hi, Ken. This is David Howson. Thanks very much for the question there. So throughout the quarter, we had a few interesting results as we continue to execute on the plan. Those geopolitical results did impact some of the speed of the onboarding and alter our expectations a little. However, we launched eight new products across four country benchmarks. And the open interest that you mentioned there peaked at 28% higher during the quarter compared to the prior quarter. We also saw options volume at 67% for the quarter as well. In terms of the plan, we continue to execute on that. We do see the realization of what we call success there in our guide coming a year later than previously stated. However, for us, success continues to be onboarding new clients, increased pricing picture [ph] in the futures and the options contract. As we said, right at the start here, this is a journey rather than an event as we build brand new platform, brand new trading and clearing here. So we continue to be convinced by the opportunities there and the value proposition here as we build out over the next coming years.
David Howson: Ken, that's right. It's early days, just over 1,500 contracts open interest for the complex was with the peak.
David Howson: Yes, thanks very much, Brian. To dissect it nicely as you did between trading and listing strategies because the listing strategy goes global as the opportunity in trading with Canada. So Canada, in general, we think about it combined with a MATCHNow footprint that we already have there, so that the big migration or rollout that we had earlier in the new year, along with MATCHNow bringing global client base, we've seen new international clients really come into the Canadian marketplace and the block space, so very encouraging there. And then in general, in terms of the order books, the more vanilla order book trading protocols, we see really nice opportunities there for further feature enhancements, as we look across our franchise globally, what we find useful for customers will be brought in time to the Canadian landscape. And then also, with pricing, we have pricing levers to pull there along with the general data and analytics that we've talked about to do the pricing, and they tried to really talk to customers about what we can do that in terms of the order book qualities. So listings, then we've got really interesting opportunities we've now got today, over 241 listings and Canada itself 168 ETPs, three new Vanguard ETFs this quarter really great progress, 55 corporates really focused on the innovation economy. And I think about that as a global strategy, when we think about Australia, winning 30% of ETP listings there, same story in the U.S. We can actually begin to go to issuers a capital raise with a global offering, and really that's how we're going to be thinking through our strategy as we go forward and really present that to yourself customers and the marketplace.
David Howson: Yes, as I mentioned earlier in my answer, the BIDS roll out earlier this year seems great early traction, but particularly to point to the addition of new customers in Europe, really wanted to trade US and Canada. And, in fact, as we think about the rollout BIDS again in Australia in February next year, you've seen early on boards from those superannuation funds really coming to say, hey, we want to on board now to trade what you've got, because we know you're coming to Australia, we want to be ready for that. And we see that across the slate really with the intermediaries there coming to us early on to get involved with that re-platforming we're doing in Australia in February of next year.
Brian Schell: Yes, thanks for the question. I'll kick that off with the first half of that. And then I'll flip it over to Chris, to talk about the Snowflake question separately. Again, this is a continued really strong story that we've seen going back into, really last year and even before that. But, again, we're continuing to see the upside of the higher volumes, areas like the logical ports, physical connectivity, just overall broader access that we're continuing to see clients ramp up their access, new clients wanting access, as they continue to see the -- across the global network build. And in particular, where we're seeing is on the market data side, which is obviously part of that is you asked specific question of where we're seeing that demand. If we look at that, where is the composition of that incremental growth? What we're seeing is increasing demand for the U.S data, primarily coming from international participants. Of the growth that we had, 60% was outside the U.S of that growth, that broader pool that 60%, 44% was EMEA, 16% was APAC, that makes up that 60%. So we're continuing to see that strength of that demand for the data. And we don't see any reason why that's going to change. Actually, we are -- as we look at our pipeline, and we look at our future growth prospects going out into the years is as we continue to build the networks in those countries. We only see the opportunity for success, and leveraging that network for not only those organic sales of that market, but also again the broader network, which then leads into your next question about the opportunity to bundle. A lot of our client base is global. They do like that global network and being able to leverage into the Cboe system and that consistency of data and the technology that we're building out over time. So we see opportunities to bundle geographic, we see opportunities, different asset classes, that we're continuing to explore, again, across the entire network. So that's really driving the optimism in the actual results that we see today. I think I hit your questions. And with that, I'll turn it over, Chris.
Brian Schell: Sure. Alex, I'll take NEO briefly and then we'll take to the ErisX because I also want to bring in Chris as well in this and -- as well as the team can chime in. But on the NEO as we look at that return, which didn't highlight, but -- right now, that is going better than actually planned -- slightly better than planned. And it's already contributing, although relatively small, to our overall contribution. So it is accretive already, day one. So again, continued to be excited about continuing to measure that positive ROI, we've set it up for about a 10% hurdle rate that we have, when we build our business cases, looking for what it can contribute organically, and then continue to add revenue synergies, broadly across the organization. Going specifically to the ErisX transaction, fundamentally, nothing has changed. As far as what we see the contribution of what this platform does for us and where we see this market going granted, as we disclosed, and you'll see the disclosure [indiscernible] chance to see the Q is that the external environment did change, but it actually just reinforces where we actually think we're going. But the specifics on the financials, the adjustment was about 60%. So you're -- when you talked about the near total write-off, that's just the intangible part of it. You got to look at the total net book value. So it's about 60%. Again, not that that's something to brag about, but that is reflective of what we think the value is, at this point in time, given the external environment. Again, our job is to make sure our financial statements fairly represent our view of our performance and what that looks like, overall. So that's the overall perspective. Back to the press release to that when we initially announced the acquisition of ErisX, we put a 2 to 3 year timeframe on a positive contribution to EBITDA at the end of the day. So again, nothing has changed, absent, albeit not small, this adjustment to fair value, as far as that we recorded today. So with that, then I'll turn it over to Chris to talk a little bit more about kind of, again, where we think this is headed.
Brian Schell: It's worth a quick note on the coverage, again, to the span that we've now got a place. Our markets cover something like 80% of global GDP, and over 90% of developed market GDP. And this is really a unique way to tie together those trading opportunities across all those markets. There is no competitor that offers that span of services to the trading community.
Brian Schell: Yes, and I would -- I want to remind folks that when we kind of came into the year, and it's a continuation of last year is the organic investments that we're making to set up the potential for this organic growth, with respect to the incremental investments we're making around, the ability to deliver DnA and data through the cloud, what we've done around enabling greater trading environment with 24/5, Tuesday, Thursday launch, the incremental marketing and branding, the Nanos launch, EU derivatives and a lot of those we've talked about. And that investment is, again, you're starting to see that payoff, both in terms of people and the marketing and the sales, and what we're doing. Specifically about, the DnA element and what you’ve asked about right is, is again, we're continuing to see that stickiness, the quality of the access, the quality of the market data that we're getting and being able to offer, again, across all asset classes, it's not just in one, obviously there's higher contribution within the derivatives franchise given the size and our placement there. But again, the confidence in continuing to deliver that growth. You'll see the forecast is slightly lower as far as the outlook than in the first half. We are going against higher comps from last year. We had great third, fourth -- third quarter and fourth quarter growth rates in DnA last year. Again, we're still confident in our continued growth. Again, the comparison is a little bit hard, but we are up for the challenge. But as far as those initiatives, right, we talked about distribution as a service, you saw the recent announcement around Morningstar and being able to leverage our existing networks. We're excited about packaging or global content, again, across geographies and asset classes. And then John had mentioned earlier, again, is that organic opportunity just within say, for example, within Australia and Japan and our recent entry there and within Canada, so those items are really continued, again, give us confidence about the growth rate as we head into the rest of this year. And then obviously, conviction around the medium to longer term growth opportunity of DnA.
Brian Schell: Yes, so I would -- I'm not sure I completely follow the expense math, but we can kind of take that offline to make sure as far as the percentages go. I think the thing to focus on is that at least when we are pulling in some of the acquisitions onto the revenue and expense line items, obviously some of the financial statements don't quite have the same margin. So there's going to be a little bit of a slightly higher growth rate on the expenses again just year-over-year, given that size. So again, we're managing that. And then we obviously would plan to continue to grow that top line, obviously fast in the short line, no great surprise there. But as far as picking up the expenses, we try to provide that guidance, and that visibility along the way. If you look at, for example, if you just look at excluding the acquisitions, and you look at kind of that 2Q run rate, and you analyze that 2Q run rate relative to what we forecasted at the end of the day, there's really not a significant growth rate that we haven't already factored in into that projection. And again, just to make sure we're clear on that, that $12 million, as far as the increment, that's a full year, it's not just this first half of the year. Again, that's a full year perspective as far as what we've done in some of the expectations to build into that entire forecast.
Brian Schell: Sure. Sorry, yes. So part of that growth also includes the run rate of the [indiscernible] transactions from the prior year as well, which is, I will call it making that number higher than, say a pure organic expense growth rate.
Brian Schell: We didn't actually frame it relative to expenses, it was more of [indiscernible] transaction. So we have said that we expected 2% to 3% incremental revenue growth.
