Fred Tomczyk: Thank, Ken, and thanks everyone for joining the call this morning. Having CBo’es results I am Cboe team and our focus on our clients which has resulted in another strong quarter for the company. For today's call, I will highlight our overall results and share my priorities as Cboe’s new CEO. I will then hand it over to our Global President David Howson to walk through the progress we made against our strategic priorities. I am pleased to report record third quarter adjusted earnings for Cboe. During the quarter, we grew net revenue by 9% year-over-year to $481 million and adjusted earnings per share by 18% to $2.06. These results were driven by record activity across our derivatives business and continued growth of our Data and Access Solutions business, lower third quarter operating expenses and a lowering corporate tax rate.  Our derivatives franchise delivered another record quarter as total organic net revenue increase 15%. As the uncertain macro geopolitical environment impacted markets globally, investors and traders relied on our suite of index options, and volatility products that help manage risk and generate income in an uncertain environment.  We believe our derivatives business remains incredibly resilient, supported by a growing customer base and our options product that is becoming increasingly recurring in nature as the management shift to shorter duration explorations and more frequently positioned around changing market environments. During the quarter, organic net revenue in our Data and Access Solutions business increased 9%.  Net revenue in our cash and spot markets business decreased by 6% during the quarter reflecting the muted volumes we saw across all global equity markets. These solid results were made possible by the continuing execution of our strategy to build the world's largest derivatives and securities network and positioned Cboe for a strong finish to the year.  Now as a Cboe Board member for the last four years, I've been very close to the business and supported the team as Cboe expanded and evolved into the leading global derivatives and securities network that it is today. The company has a solid foundation, a global recognition and a strong management team that I'm honored to lead.  In my new role I am primarily focused on three key priorities that I believe will further strengthen Cboe and enhance shareholder value. First, sharpening our strategic focus; second effective allocation of our capital and training developing talent management succession. While I wholeheartedly support Cboe’s strategic direction, I see opportunity to refine this strategy to provide a clear focus on the core elements of our business that drive revenue and earnings growth/ I believe our sharpened strategy will help the margin profile of our business and increase shareholder value over the longer term. I will also focus on ensuring our capital allocation plan is delivering the kind of returns our shareholders expect from Cboe.  I'm intent on increasing the efficiency of our investments that we make across the business to generate durable revenue growth.  Finally, talent development and succession planning, which is always an important component of any CEOs duties and responsibilities will be a priority for me. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave Howson to talk through how we are driving results within our strategy. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thanks, Jill. In summary, I want to thank the entire Cboe team for the warm welcome, and the incredible achievements over the last quarter. Cboe’s success this year and over the last 50 years is a testament to the enduring strengths and resiliency of the team who continue to rise to any occasion and deliver results. I'm very excited about the future of Cboe Global Markets. At this point, we'd be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get to everyone. Feel free to get back into queue, and if time permits, we'll take the second question.
Fred Tomczyk: I would lay it out this way. I would say, we'll have discipline, number one. The first and foremost, we think the best use of our capital is to invest in organic initiatives. We've seen some good returns from some of those initiatives and so that will continue to be a focus.  Secondly, obviously we have the dividend. We consider that as something, we just have to do almost like an interest payment to return capital to our shareholders through a form of a regular dividend. Third, I think right now, as you can see us from Jill's comments, we've been paying down our floating rate debt, given the rise of interest rates and we're happy that we've got that back down to essentially zero.  And that we will look at share repurchases on an opportunistic basis from this point forward. And then lastly, M&A, I think you should expect, you'll see less M&A going and a more focused M&A strategy. I'm a much bigger fan of what I call deliberate M&A transactions. But right now, we're going to focus on making sure our strategy is tight. We are all on the same page and making sure organic growth strategy is what we wanted to be. 
Fred Tomczyk: Well, I'm six weeks in. So I think you can ask me that question maybe next quarter, but I've suffice it to say that's certainly an area of focus for me to try to stabilize those margins. And find ways to improve them going forward, which I think the management team will do where we get good operating leverage in the business. But at this point, six weeks in, I don't have anything specific. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thanks very much for the question. And certainly we had great Q3 with a number of records coming through Q3. Sales of SPX volume $2.9 million, contracts that are significantly over the prior year, VIX options up 60% versus the prior year. And then, as we think about momentum, we think about October as we've begun with some record there.  And in fact, 2023 has seen nine of the top 10 SPX savings six of those have been in October. So, good momentum coming through that really driven in SPX by three factors, one would be the pick up in hedging as the vectors revisited during the year. The second would be that the vectors catching up with performance through SPX co-buying that. And then thirdly of course, the zero DT complex that you mentioned. 48% as utilization agency quote that of the SPX volume coming from Zero Day to expiry using an increase in the proportion there of institutional engagement as more funds and more strategies have been set up to trade this incredibly balanced ecosystem, where hedging income generation tactical strategy, and systematic trading have all come to life.  And so, in terms of the sustainability there, we see that really persisting. And why do we seeing that? We are seeing that because it's continued over the last 18 months through different market cycles and different volatility regions. And so, as we look forward, we really think about the continued uncertainty in the marketplace, because we think about Fed, we think about inflation, we think about geopolitical issues there and really options, and our volatility toolkit really being replaced to come to manage your risk.  And then, when you think about options themselves, it's a real durable recurring income stream. Options expire every day, every week, every month, every year and in fact, as we’ll continue to reposition and reengage around that uncertainty that is really forecasted for the rest of next year. 
Fred Tomczyk: Yeah, maybe I'll start and I’ll turn it over to Dave for a second. But we just launched European derivatives. So it's a little early to make a judgment on it. Contrary to it I think there's two different ways of people look at derivatives in different markets. Sometimes they want access to the US, and if you talk to our clients, our bigger clients, they continue to tell me anyway that there's a lot of demand for liquidity moving into the US. So that's one point.  And second point, obviously, it's very early with respect to the multi-list European option expansion here. So I don't, I wouldn't pre-judge it at this point. The last thing we have some better perspective on that. 
Fred Tomczyk: Maybe I'll start with the second one, first. So, I always remember for the first time I became a CEO and I was pretty young that my Board was very clear to me that my job priority one on my first day in the job was to plan for my own succession. And so, clearly, that's going to be a focus here in terms of making sure we have the talent in the organization that we need and then we have the leadership and the place is set up for our orderly succession.  In my experience, when you surround yourself with really good people and I've got a good team around here. Basically business becomes easier when you're fighting, when you don't have good people and good leadership in the organization, things got harder. But you should assume that I'm going to continue to work on developing the talent and the team around me as they grow into their jobs and hopefully more bigger jobs. And when the time comes for me to step down when someone's ready, then, I'll be the first one to say, I hand it over to my successor.  With respect to Cboe ownership, I would emphasize these rumors have come and gone over the years. Having said that, I don't think Cboe is more for sale today than it was two months ago or three months ago. We're just continuing most important thing for us is keep our heads down and stay focused on running our business and we'll deal with anything that comes at us in due course. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thanks very much for the question. Yeah, we've been huge proponents of the last decade of the benefits that a consolidated tape would bring Europe, clearly hugely beneficial for the US marketplace. So that single pane of glass of the globe into the equity markets. And then the fixed income markets in Europe is something we've really been pushing for.  The recent developments show reasonably good structure coming through there is some consolidated tape, which we are very interested in I may even think about whether or not we would want to be the provider of that consolidated tape. And not likely to see an actual tape come through though till about 2026 given the way the process grown. So really important, really for that overall capital markets in Europe.  And as the PAN European exchange of the Pan European Clearing House, we really fit the comeback capital markets union model, very, very well that. I just don't care what the derivatives market in many ways when you think about our approach being a PAN-European approach. Once again a single stop shop there enabling us to offer greater capital efficiency and let on the transparent on the model that with the Cboe Europe having the ability to access all of the CSDs around and provide a more cleaner and capital-efficient, post-trade solution.  And then when we think about the prognosis for the business and how we're going. You mentioned that that guide that we've got single stock options coming in a couple of weeks. And as that begins, we gain traction we will be able to take a look at how that's building and consider the revenue profile, growth profile as that comes into that. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thanks a lot. Excellent question. And we've, if I give you a little walk around the arc of pricing, we've got in Q3, 59% came from organic subscription and unit growth there. And so, when we think generally about pricing across the data franchise, we are really focusing on distribution and really great opportunity, particularly, over in Asian-Pacific and in EMEA to sell our data products there.  We saw 39% of the growth in Q3 coming from outside of Americas. We see a good runway there. So focus predominantly on distribution and broadening access. We’ve got consistent pipes to deliver our data revenue – come out of revenue there, again 78% or nearly 80% of that revenue is coming internationally. So, good runway there. Surprising but so, we could use when moving across the scale, really it's about that runway of new users.  But we are talking about the competitive markets that we go in for the transactional basis, that’s really looking to maximize the revenue per contract, the market share and the market quality down. That's a, that's still where teams have hooked down to a. fine art. And then when we come to the proprietary products there, the answer is yes.  We can adjust the pricing of the trading of SPX options as we need to, but when you think look back to my earlier answer, that momentum was seen in that growth. At the moment it’s continuing and its broadened the adoption and as Chris mentioned fabulous opportunity there in global trading hours as we again look to that international capability.  And also think about those retail brokers coming through into next year. So, pricing is right priced at the moment. It’s cost-effectively placed to build liquidity, manage risk in that complex or something that in general we will look though to see where we can enhance some value in the same the pockets there, but broadly. But again that’s about expanding the access and distribution. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thanks very much. Good question there. Yes, the rule proposal that looks to folks on rebate tiers, not rebates alone, the rebate tiers for that agency flow. As a general principle there we don't support government impose the price controls. In particular, in highly competitive markets as you mentioned. We’ve been – the minister told it maybe use to help us drive competition between the trading venues. And so, that utility there is really important for us to be able to have that and couldn't even result in higher costs to the end users. Those costs will likely end up being passed back up the food chain.  So for us, we really like to focus on competing on a level playing field. Some of the prior proposals coming in the back end of massive focused on leveling that playing field and this one, this potential folks here looks to going somewhat against that. So all being engaging with it with common mechanism with the SEC and the industry participants to make sure that we have a, you know harm approach and actually think about the listing market structure first, because what's better for any investors is better for the market and we look to enjoy competing within those constraints. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thanks Owen. As we've been talking about, we're really excited about the launch of our margin futures product in early 2024 that great engagement from customers and SCMs as we build out that project. As following that we do have further derivatives products in the pipeline. The thing that’s unique about Cboe Digital once we have that launched is that the spot and the margin futures will be on the same technology platform underneath the same regulatory umbrella.  So, over the same APIs, over the same connections, you can trade both the spot and those physically and cash settle or cash settled margin futures all on the same platform there. So, real unique value being added to that. And then when we think about the prognosis for the future, we think about the - hopeful approval of those spot if and spot Bitcoin ETFs, which we will know more about in the New Year.  At Cboe, we're supporting eight issuers of those ETS with five data sharing agreements in place. And so when they come to market, not only do we get to list of products and have to trading, but actually the ecosystem that we have there with that US-based regulated exchange and clearing house to support those authorized participants and market makers who will be supporting and needing to manage their exposure in those products. A good ecosystem benefit is coming there.  And then when you look at the regulatory direction, although it may have slowed it’s certainly coming in Cboe’s direction where we run a transparent, regulated, customer first, intermediate-driven model. 
Fred Tomczyk: Thank you and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I wish you all a good weekend and look forward to seeing you all in the future in person as I start to get out from the office. Take care. 
David Howson: In terms of the product lines that we're in, we've got some exciting new events coming up with the launches and in our Digital business and margin Futures in the New Year with new product launches coming back. And we've got the Asia Pacific Re-platforming that's going to happen later this year together onto a common technology platform. And what we saw with the Australian migration was that increasing Data and Access and capacity. That, so as we get these new acquisitions onto that common world-class technology platform, there's some great opportunity to see that longer term growth come from some of those the more recent acquisitions. 
David Howson: Yeah, just to add on that – having seen index options slow down and continue to rise, equity volumes are off as they are relevantly low. But index options continue to grow and into October it continues to grow. 
David Howson: Yeah, thanks Fred and thanks, Alex for the question here. When we think about European derivatives, and we've always seen this, it's going to be a journey and not an event - in an event in time, when you're launching a brand new exchange, a brand new clearing house, and a brand new product, what we need just one of those at a time, they all need time to gain critical mass.  And we're really looking forward to the launch of single stock options in a couple of weeks whereby we've got some strong support from industry participants. And when you look at the growth so far, we can see second best quarter for us in Q3 for the index options and futures in Europe with some new participants, new futures and options market makers and some new non-bank FCMs. So, traction, continuing to build there.  And then when we look at the value proposition that that white space to move into for the European derivatives market, it’s significantly still there. 10 years ago, Europe and the US had market sizes around about the same. Now, it's 8 to 10 times different in those market sizes, clearly a number of factors there when we see roots of growth expand the European market by bringing that US market structure to that.  And with regards to the project itself and the build cost and the build effort going forward, it's purely incremental. We already have the largest PAN European equity exchange in Europe. We already have the largest cash equity clearing house in Europe and the staff to run them. So, by leveraging our global technology platform and re-using this, the functionality from US, it was a marginal incremental effort for them. So for others it's not a significant burn that concerns us well. We really look to take advantage of this real gap in the market that we think over time, we can move into. We can move into with the great cost development and great partnerships with our customers there. So certainly we remain committed and committed to this process.
David Howson: Yeah, great question, great. So we all see the last steamer continually thinking about how we can innovate around our volatility [Indiscernible]. There you saw the dispersion index. You saw the credit mix indices come out, as well. But purely on SPX, we've got five weeks of SPX weekly expiries going out now,for customers, we have to be able to utilize those.  As we've go on striking expiries, and we always manage that find balance between liquidity provision and be able to manage the number of strikes and number of series that the market has to manage and digest and really conscious about adding value where it comes through. And in terms of longer data I would mention that Cboe is the pioneer, the leads options as longer dated options going out most full year. That's a great utility for some of these, say insurers and other asset managers out there and other buy side funds to really gain some real value there. So we've got a broad range of strikes and expiries now, Really, we'll be customer-led. We want to give our end-customers and investors what they need. And also what the liquidity provided rates to support in a reliable and consistent manner. So, think about ways in which more may come through that. 
John Deters: This is John. I think really integrations and focused today the press point for past acquisitions. And we do see as a consequence of the way, we approach integration deep integration that our return on invested capital for the tranches of deals that we pursue improves over time to be managed that those returns for three to five year outcomes. And so we're still in process there. 
John Deters: And then we just mentioned also the global trading hours in the script you heard us talking about 95% year-over-year growth of SPX index box option volumes, the global trading hours, VIX is growing as well. We still see opportunities for growth and access and distribution around the world and around the clock. 
John Deters: Kyle, this is John. Just to be clear. We don't have any constraints on any of our partnership relationships even beyond S&P in terms of being able to respond to the market environment with the correct pricing approach. 
John Deters: Mike, I just mentioned that we - so, we had Tuesday, Thursdays, about a year and a half ago, but we added the fifth, the fifth week of dailies, the Tuesdays Thursdays, in the last few months and that was based on customer demand. So as Dave said, his customers demand more and we think we have appropriate liquidity provision. We'll continue to add strikes if the market wants. 
Owen Lau: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. So massive speculation about the future ownership of Cboe recently. And Fred, you also mentioned the succession planning in your prepared remarks. Could you please elaborate that point a little bit more? Thank you. 
Owen Lau: Sorry. You mentioned the succession planning in your prepared remark. Could you please just elaborate that point a little bit more? Thank you. 
Owen Lau: Hey. Thank you for taking my follow up. So, - recently launched a crypto futures trading together with their smart trading. Could you please talk about how Cboe Digital will compete in this space and the value proposition? And I guess more importantly, given the low trading volume for the industry, how do you think about the investments in this space longer term? Thanks a lot. 
