Debbie Koopman: Thank you. Good morning. And thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our CEO, will provide an update on our strategic initiatives for 2014, and Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review our first quarter 2014 financial results. Following their comments we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A is our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ed Provost. In addition, I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides. We will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and what we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may effect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise after this conference call. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Tilly.
Debbie Koopman: At this point, we would be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get to everyone. Feel free to get back in the Q&A queue and if there is time, we'll take a second question. 
Debbie Koopman: That completes our call this morning. We appreciate your time and continued interest in CBOE Holdings. We will be available today for any follow-ups you may have. Thank you.
Ed Tilly: Rich there aren't going to be any more questions left after that.Richard Repetto – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay. Just take the first one.
Ed Tilly: We'll get them both for you. So I think to your point, beginning in 2013, the VIX futures volume actually began to be less correlated with the VIX futures open interest, as we increased the diversity of the VIX market participants, right? So today more sophisticated traders, the vol arbs funds, they employ strategies involving VIX, SPX, OTC variance, VIX-linked ETPs. So if you grasp that rolling 12-month correlation on a month-over-month change in the futures versus the open interest since 2007, you will see in 2013 much to your point that the correlation turned negative, right? Indicating that the open interest really isn't driving the VIX futures volume. Rather, what we've seen, and I think I've hinted on the last couple of calls, if you look at and track and kind of overlay volume of VBX or the vol a vol, as it relates to the VIX futures average daily volume, you see it correlated a bit more than open interest. So historically VBX is high 80s, 86-ish. And then if you look at where we're today, April you'll see the VBX actually low, it is almost 70. There's less volatility in volatility right now. When we ask our product development guys and our research guys to look at cause and effect, we actually point to a lower vol of vol, rather than a change in open interest. And as we saw in the first quarter, as volatility increases in the vol of vol increases, our volumes go up. So maybe if I can get Debbie to run you some VVIX numbers and kind of show you what we're talking about, that might make much more sense than us going back continually to the open interest, and how it's not correlated to the growth in VIX. Coming off another record quarter, it kind of reinforces what we've been telling you all along. Volatility in the marketplace, good for CBOE. Volatility of VOL very good for VIXs futures and options. I think your second question was percentage of HFT in CFE futures. In earlier on discussions with the entire investment community, we did give some top end estimates of what we viewed HFT at CBOE and CFE, but with the ongoing debate, there is really not a consensus of defining HFT. And therefore, difficult to kind of gauge how trading would be impacted. So we're kind of hesitant to put forth numbers at this time. But really, at the end of the day, if we defined HFT, much the way it's defined in the Lewis book, we would not be impacted materially in any way at CBOE or CFE. And as I said in my opening comments we actually see the potential for some upside as more and more trades would be transacted in the lit marketplace. So I hope I've given you kind of our look at the first two questions of the day.Richard Repetto – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  All fair points, Ed. Congratulations on your consistency here of the results.
Ed Tilly: Ed, let me add a little bit to that. I commented on market quality in the prepared remarks, and really what we mean by that is when we look at the bid/ask spread, and the size of the display market, very, very important, and key driver in attracting the end user to our contract. Really the market quality is really different than what we see in VIX futures. For example VIX futures are tick wide. The sharp term VXST can be three, four, five ticks wide. So what we're working on, and Ed was referring to the dedicated or liquidity providers that are in the market day in, day out, those are the ones that we have to incent to get into the marketplace first. Then the end user, the hedger, the speculator will come to the marketplace. It's a pattern we seen time and again when we launch new product categories, did. Ed and the business development guys that's what they're working on, getting those liquidity providers, the dedicated day-in day-out users of the contract into the marketplace, better market quality, and then the daily users will come after.
Ed Tilly: It's a great question. Now we have not ruled out a weekly contract. Rather, this contract was brought to the marketplace because to this so responsive to the short term to market driven events. Using a nine day weekly contract in our VIX methodology to come up with a very volatile number that reflects the state of the market in the short term was really how we preferred to launch. And it's what our users said they were interested in us bringing to the marketplace. So we are nowhere near giving up on this concept, but it certainly to your point does not rule out offering another alternative, a weekly contract based on the 30-day.
Ed Tilly: Ed, why don't you give a little color as to the participants in RMC in March, and how at the 320 or so attendees, how we saw new faces.
Ed Tilly: Sure. The product development pipeline here it never ends. We have a team committed to working with liquidity providers, discount brokerage firms all sit around in our product development committee and come up with, in an attempt to fill the gaps from the demand side. What it is that we can bring to the marketplace to satisfy that demand in those gaps. So we have a full product line. And as contracts go from the idea stage and approach implementation we'll be sharing them with you but we do have things coming forward. I think the one we focused on today, which we're most excited about, is later this year, the VXTYN, and that is bringing volatility to the ten years. So yes, there is a pipeline. We never stop, and it is all driven by our end users, both institutional and retail.
Ed Tilly: So the exposure in volatility in interest rates now would be much the same as exposure in volatility in a single line stock, meaning every time you trade an option you have volatility exposure. So similar to any of the single names or ETFs here at CBOE that do not have a VIX futures contract tied to it, would be the same way you can gain exposure in interest rates, just using basic option strategy. So this obviously is a coordinated effort with CBOE to bring VXTYN to the market, so we have the support of CME, and certainly we'll be using their option data and our VIX methodology to first launch a futures contract and then hopefully an options contract based on the futures. So this is very much as I said a coordinated effort, but today the volatility exposure would be very traditional in that you would be using options strategies in the ten-year option.
Ed Tilly: It's a great question, Jillian, and I think it's unfortunately my answer is going to be very, very similar to it has been in the past, every quarter, not every quarter but when we set new volume records, as we did first quarter, it tells us that there's so much more penetration to be had, that we're still really, really early. And the traders that we see today were really first movers, and we're still enjoying the first movers, and going out and teaching them what we see in the strategies we see, in both futures options trading as I said in the prepared remarks, trading all S&P volatility exposure across ETPs, SPX options, VIX options and futures, that we're able to then go out and convert those that haven't made the move yet in any of the categories that we've been talking about this morning. So again, I think I would just tell you that we're really, really early, coming off of just a terrific quarter again in VIX futures and options, that once we, if we see a plateau in the next few years, we'll certainly look back on this one and say yes, this was still in the early stages just like we told you last time, last year at this time.
Ed Tilly: Jillian I know your question was primarily around VIX but we see the same thing when we look at Weeklys, and I had a recent trip to a couple funds in New York, their use of weeklys and the growth of weekly use was very surprising to me. It is such an easy lay off for hedge in the short term, that is how this one fund just began using Weeklys a short time ago. So it's not just VIX, it is really the awareness of an access to all things S&P 500, and the Weekly shares that story, much the same way as trading VIX futures and options do.
Ed Tilly: Great question. I think the issue is first defining HFT. So let's just say in the broadest sense, or if you use the enough fluff piece book, and define HFT that way, if there was some curtailing of HFT in the frequency of trading, we could see the markets widen a bit in the underlying equity markets. Assuming that the debate does not include an entire national market structure debate, which I think there could be some benefits we can talk about those as well. But just the pure HFT, the ability to change your market in a ratio that currently exists today, and we curtailed that ratio, we cut that back a piece, we could see the spreads widen a bit in the equity market. The result not surprisingly may be a slight widening of the markets in the equity space. That's probably the impact that we see at this point. I know it's very, very simple, but it would show up in the bid/ask spread we can make an assumption in the options space. Now, that said, if the debate is broadened, and there's a market structure debate on dark pools, for example, that do not exist in the options space, and there was a movement to curtail dark trading and those trades showed up in the lit markets, then I think my answer is completely different, and the opportunity for all market quality would improve. Volumes would improve in the lit marketplace, and I think market quality and options would improve as a result. So we're so early in the debate and the potential changes to market structure, it's just how you define HFT, and then really how broad the market structure discussions and changes may be.
Ed Tilly: Rich I thought you had another open interest question.Richard Repetto – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Thank you.
Alan Dean: Good question. I think if you look at the rate per contract under royalty fee this quarter and compare it to the first quarter of last year, I think it's really close, if not identical. And that could account, could be caused by anomalies in the way that we recognize or pay the royalty fee. Other than the change that went into effect March 8th of last year when we extended our contract with Standard & Poors, there's really nothing new that happened since last March 8th, and I don't anticipate anything continuing the rest of this year. Probably the biggest thing that could impact that rate per contract in royalty fees is a product mix, so not all, we don't pay the same rate per contract on all products, and if a higher one happens to trade more in a quarter than a lower rate per contract one on the royalty fee side, then that could impact that rate. So you'll see slight anomalies quarter-over-quarter but there's really nothing new going on there.Mike Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Alan Dean: Yes, a lot has to do with the mix within the product. So if we're, because not all participants in the product pay the same. So if a higher fee category happens to trade more during the quarter, that will impact RPC. But I want you to know that on January 2nd, we did increase customer fees on VIX futures slightly, and I expect that had some impact on our revenue per contract and futures in the first quarter.
Alan Dean: The other opportunities that we pay very close attention to involve new product opportunities, so if we can find through an investment in a company, or an idea, or some IP that would lead to a product that we could trade, that we could charge pricing, premium pricing on, well that interests us as well. Of course we are open to any other M&A activities that we believe would enhance shareholder value, but beyond these smaller one-offs that we have invested in now and then, we really haven't seen any other opportunities. Ken Worthington Okay. Great. Thank you.
Alan Dean: Sure, Chris. Alan here. I think there is room to grow margin, although that's a nice number, and I'm proud of the number we generated in the first quarter. Our first and foremost we're looking for profits to shareholders, and that's our focus. But the limitation really is just the variable expenses. So the royalty fees, trading volume incentives, some compensation is somewhat variable and tied to profitability. And that would be the limit, the top end limit to our operating margin percentage. There is room to grow, and it will happen in periods when we have high volume in our premium products like we had in the first quarter, and we've seen in other quarters, as well, if you look back historically four years we've been a public company, the big operating margin percentage quarters were always those quarters where we had big SPX and VIX volume. So there is room to grow, and there's no reason why it can't go higher.
Alan Dean: Yes. The D&A is tied to our capital purchases, and when we put things into service we still believe that the guidance of $38 million to $40 million for D&A is good, and so that would imply higher D&A the remainder of the year, and so that's how we see it right now.Richard Repetto – Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay. Just wanted to say Go Bruins, that's really why I got back in the queue.
Alan Dean: With respect to splits. I guess when you talk about that, I think of the Apple split coming up, and you take a product like that that's trading at $600, $700 and you're splitting it down, what is it, seven to one, or whatever the number was. Typically we've seen industry volume in the options increase. If the objective of a split is it will draw more investors into the stock because it's a lower priced stock, I think what we have generally seen is that's favorable to option volume. So as to specific strategies, it would be tough to comment on that, but splitting a stock of that number down to a smaller more investable size, which I believe is what the corporation's objective is, would generally result in the similar increase in volume in the options space.Mike Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Ed Provost: Alex, Ed Provost, I will take that one. We remain very enthusiastic about the product, every conversation that we have with potential customers of the product are very positive. Because we chose not to bring up a VIX weekly, but rather to create a new spot index of VXST, it became a new product, and that triggers technology work that needs to be done by the liquidity provider community, and even on the flow side, it requires products to pass through the compliance areas to get approval, because indeed, it is a new product as opposed to a weekly end of VIX, which would be an extension of an existing product. So those are some of the reasons why we have not had as much market maker participation early on as we had hoped, and why some of the significant players in the VIX have not been active in VXST. So I just think it's a question of it being a new product, we are as optimistic as we've always been that it will be a key contributor to our VIX, to our volatility product mix. But we've acknowledged it's a litter slower out of the gate than we had hoped for, but we continue to be very optimistic.
Ed Provost: No, I would say consistent with what you said, Ed, every stop we make, both in the state and outside of this country, where we talk about both VIX futures and options we find again a level of interest that is amazing. And we have no reason to believe that there is any limitation in the, immediately anyway, in the upward growth of this product. Our RMC Conference which we had here was a phenomenal success, and we are very optimistic that we're going to set a new record in Dublin, when we have our September Conference there. I mentioned in these calls before, that we're looking at doing a RMC in Asia. So we continue to be very optimistic that VIX is in its infancy, and its growth curve will continue much as it has up until now. So we're very, very optimistic on the VIX front.
Ed Provost: Yes. It's a good point. So we have averaged in the last few years upwards of 300 or so participants in the US Conference this year we had 320, which was I think the second highest we've ever had. Major participants include public pension plans, insurance companies, hedge fund portfolio managers, obviously all institutional oriented. A significant portion I think the number is about 70% of the people are new attendees, so it is not the same people coming back and enjoying the warm weather in Florida or California, but rather new people coming to try to understand how to use this product. Sometimes people from the same firms, but new faces learning how to use volatility products. So again, that demographic analysis is very important to us in understanding exactly who it is that is coming to these conferences, how we need to modify our agenda from year-to-year, but we continue again to be very optimistic, and I would encourage you, you on the phone, to if you get the opportunity, to attend a RMC and see the actual users of these products, you would be very, very impressed.
Ed Provost: Hi, Ed Provost. Yes, as your own analyst reports have noted, the retail brokers have had a good quarter, there's obviously confidence back in the market among retail investors. But to be honest with you, while we have seen an increase in retail flow, our general mix of retail versus institutional remains fairly consistent. We're seeing growth both at the retail level and in the various areas of institutional participation, including the hedge fund or a more sophisticated active institution, as well as traditional institutional, including the pension plan players, as well. And I would say also that we have historically been a primary destination for retail order flow, given our market model, which is very accommodating to retail. So we benefited from the renewed growth of the retail space. We don't talk about it, the retail as much, because it is not so self-limited by Board mandates, and things like that, and the area is so well serviced by the retail firms who are very option centric. But we're very optimistic that there is continued growth potential in the retail space, as well as institution. But again, we often focus on the institutional side, because we think that has the most untapped potential.Niamh Alexander – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay. I'll get back in line. Thanks.
Ed Provost: Ed Provost again. We have in New York a very committed and dedicated team that's primarily focused on the institutional space, and specifically the hedge fund community. Our business development staff has grown over the last several years, consistent with the overall growth in our market. We have areas, we have people who are specialized in certain customer types, such as hedge funds. We have certain people that are specialized in certain product types, like volatility.  So we have a very sophisticated calling program, where we engage not only current users but potential users, both domestically and abroad. We record all of the visits we have so that there is a communication across all of our sales force to understand what the open issues are, what kinds of questions are coming up.  So we're very, very engaged in one-on-one meetings. We, of course, have talked often about our RMC, where we engage in a number of clients. And then we partner with other organizations and are participants again not only in the US but globally. We are in front of our customers on a regular basis and believe that is the way, the best way to get our message across. So we're very, very focused on the institutional community. Probably a lot more than we are on the retail, because I go back to my earlier comments where the retail community is very much self engaged through the options boutique firms who service them so well. We think the institutional space is the one where there is still the greatest growth potential. And we think that our sales staff is very, very attuned to their needs, and is in great contact with them on a regular basis.
Ed Provost: No, I think back to our RICs and how the agenda is setup, starting out with some pretty straightforward simple concepts, and move towards some of the most sophisticated concepts, and the sessions that are really the fullest are the ones that are at the learning of the basics of volatility. So there's plenty of people that are coming down there and learning about volatility, and are no doubt not yet currently using the product. I think between that and the visits that we have would suggest is a significant untapped user base out there, that we're trying to get to adopt to the use of these products.
