Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. Before we move to Q&A, I want to provide a further update on our ESG initiatives during the quarter. Earlier this month, Cboe was proud to be named a founding member of the derivatives partner exchanges network of the United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges initiative. We look forward to sharing ideas and engaging this network on an important dialogue on how derivative exchanges can support greater sustainability in addition to advancing partnerships with index leaders in this important space. As you can see, we have been extremely busy, and I thank the entire Cboe team for their hard work delivering outstanding results. We look forward to hosting our Investor Day on November 16, where we will dive further into our business, providing more color on these initiatives and how they are helping drive our strategy. We hope you can join us, details for accessing the event or on our IR website. Finally, I’d once again like to thank Debbie Koopman for her service and wish her all the best as she heads into retirement next month. She’d be with us through Investor Day, so it’s not quite farewell yet. But this is her finale for quarterly earnings. She will be dearly missed by me and the entire Cboe team. I’ll now pass it back to Ken for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Ed Tilly: Alright. So let me – Rich, let me take a half a step back on ErisX because I think it’s important to recognize that we didn’t just wake up a couple of months ago and think, gosh, crypto, look what’s happening, it might we need to get into this space. When we launched, if you recall, the first futures contract in 2017 and even before that, we had applications at the SEC for ETNs and ETPs. So at this space, we’ve had our eye on. We thought the ecosystem in this space would have evolved a bit quicker. So we’ve always had an eye on getting back into the space the last couple of calls, I’ve been mentioning that. Importantly, also, we were early investors in ErisX in 2018 when Don Wilson and Tom Chippas saw the opportunity to build out a regulated fair market in spot, derivatives clearing and margining. So long answer to your question, framed that way, we’ve constantly and since the launch of those future, consciously been looking for an opportunity that gets us back into the market. But John, I think importantly, the rollout, what ErisX is trading today and what we have in front of us between now and close.
Ed Tilly: Yes. Before I turn it over to Brian for the incentive program, I think, very, very important, the way we look at success starts with operations. And Chris, your observations in the days and since September 6, actually, we could not be happier with not only the execution on our platform, but clearing. So EuroCCP, keeping up with the demands to offer clearing and that’s flowing seamlessly through a couple of words there, Chris, and then Brian on incentives and the stipends for market makers.
Ed Tilly: There is a lot there. You’re right. We were first to the market. As I said, we really anticipated a little quicker action on approval in the ETN and ETF space. We do appreciate incenting market makers to post quotes and to trade. But with no end in sight to the regulatory uncertainty, we decided to step back. So I wish we were smart enough to know that the price of Bitcoin was at its top. I probably would have made a trade there instead of pivoting in a way and waiting for regulation and design to be more obvious for us with the ecosystem as we find it today, primed and ready for an exchange like ErisX. And significantly, you didn’t mention the partners that we are entering this with super important. They do see the opportunity to offer their customers access and an experience that they are used to in other asset classes. This is very important. This is not a disintermediated market where we think we should be offering direct to customer customers are used to the platform that they trade on. Those partners that we list, we are not getting in between them and their experience. So if they like to pivot from their exposure in options, Cboe’s proprietary products and on the same platform, be able to trade crypto in a safe, regulated fairway, that’s the experience we’re looking for. So I don’t think we’re chasing any won’t here, Ken. It’s an interesting observation. But John, back to the coins that are on the platform today.
Ed Tilly: So, great question. It’s what I was hoping you would ask because we have been talking to you about the exchanges not keeping up with retail demand in our product creation, and this has been in the works for a while. We think simple, accessible and design for all is the theme behind Nano, and it’s really a simple concept. You take the retail size version of the S&P 500, SPDRs, for example, which is what retail is most familiar with, it’s still very expensive. It’s a $460 underlying. What we have done is we have done a one-tenth version and made it super simple if you are looking at a derivative screen. If you see the market at the money, it’s a one week out, it’s $2.50 for a call, you are a retail investor, you are like, “Well, that seems pretty reasonable,” except I have to multiply that by 100. And what we do on Nanos is, no, it’s actually $2.50. And what you see on the screen is what you would be paying for that exposure to the S&P 500. So, that’s really simple. And the other confusion we have noticed in retail and talking to retailer is, gosh, there is 30 different expiration cycles on SPX, which is awesome for institutional and more sophisticated retail. There is 10,000 different strikes or series that, in itself, is confusing. With Nanos, we are still finalizing what we are going to offer day one, but think four different expiration cycles, seven days or less to expiry and maybe 40 or 50 different series, again, really simple. That’s the goal with Nano. It is answering the demand from new retail and we can’t wait to launch this.
Ed Tilly: Most important part, I forgot and sorry for that. Importantly, this is a company an education program. So, you think of Cboe when you think of derivatives, we believe in recurring trading at an educated investor. And we have talked now the last few quarters about retooling our Options Institute, specifically for this new retail investor, and bring them along so that derivatives that are designed to reduce risk in a really measured way is for all investors. And our Options Institute is keen on making sure that our new partners were looking at us and our proprietary products with education in mind.
Ed Tilly: So again, I think we referred to in the past and Chris, I would ask you to jump in, in a second. But when we look at retail that’s been around for a bit more established broker-dealers the ones I would be trading on over the last years. We have – they have access to our proprietary products. And from those platforms, there has been incredible growth into our proprietary product set. We have got months over the past couple of quarters of record penetration in our proprietary complex. So, that has been pretty terrific and we have been watching that, as I say, over quarters. New retail, the one that – probably making headlines the most, Webull, in that group had not offered access to our proprietary products or cash settled indices in general. So Webull, as a first mover here, we are not going to trade at all. And other new retail does not offer access to our products either, so all greenfield for us. And then we look – another measure that’s super important to us is the penetration and the use case for one lot trading, and one lot trading for us makes us think that with the very high notional value of contracts in the S&P 500, even super short dated, really is a restriction for some retail accounts who are not capitalized similarly to maybe more traditional retail, there is the birth of Nano. So, I think we have got a pretty good runway over the next months and watching for the uptake in not only direct access into the products you know, like SPX, but in Nano as we launched Nano. So, Chris, over to you.
Brian Schell: Yes. Rich, just as a pipeline as we look at things, we are being more conservative than not as we look at kind of overall leverage, deployment of cash. So it was – like I said, it’s always a balance quarter-over-quarter of do you sit on a little bit more cash in anticipation of a transaction closing in the pipeline. So that was more of a reflection of that than anything else.
Brian Schell: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think it’s a – to frame that is you have to look at the entire ecosystem of who is involved in what makes a product successful. Relative to the clearing members, obviously, we’re bringing the infrastructure soft-copy the exchange and clearing, which was mentioned. But if you think about the clearing members, the market makers, the customers that are going to be trading and putting the right incentives in place, so what we’ve done is we’ve obviously tried to remove those frictional elements to facilitate liquidity and facilitate volume. So there are stipends in place. There are – there is tiering in place with respect to those elements, to – again, to incent those participants. And we will see that continue to build as we add more and more clearing members, as we add more market makers to both the futures and the options side. So stay tuned for that progress. We will put out some targets at our Investor Day as far as where we think this business can go, call it, in a more of a 3 to 5-year time frame. But I would say right now, as the team has already mentioned, the key success here was the operational element of getting people on the platform, getting it traded. The products are successful from that standpoint. We’re achieving the on-screen transparency and liquidity of what we set out to do and then with the expectation of growing that over time.
Brian Schell: Yes, I will go. And I think, Chris, I think will maybe kind of end it all. But as far as the financial elements, the – as we look at that and – the platform is built. So, it’s not so much a CapEx as far as that investment goes. It’s going to be a little more around on OpEx. So yes, and we will give this further guidance as we get closer to close and where we are in the platform. We have already seen increasing activity and things of that. So, it would be premature to give us kind of a run rate versus historical versus where we are. And when we get close to the close date, particularly with – as we mentioned in our announcement that we are going to have our digital advisory committee, those various partners likely taking the various equity positions in that. So, those numbers could move a little bit. So, would only be premature in that overall number. But yes, it’s a slight drag on OpEx as we continue to build and as we continue to get scale. So again, more details on that as we get closer. And then Chris Isaacson, I think is going to wrap it up.
Brian Schell: Yes. Thanks. And then just to put a fine point on that, Alex, is that, that broader, I would say, kind of story and strategy and are really our investment thesis on this whole area has been the increasing need for data analytics, therefore increasing the access, the increasing geography to leverage the global presence and then increasing the methods, which is that last point you just hit on that Chris helped fill in the gap for. And then the overall opportunity as we continue to pursue more and more and then we can talk about that later. As far as the growth rate, we continue to see growth. What you are seeing is you are still going to see growth over – that’s projecting growth into the fourth quarter. Over the third quarter, the rate itself may not be as great. And what we saw also – this is a little bit just kind of more of a math issue is that the fourth quarter in last year started to pick up where we started to see some of this momentum. So, you just have a slightly higher comparison base that it’s just going to move the numbers down. So, the rate is going to appear to be a little bit lower, but the trajectory is still – I would say, is still the same. It’s just – it’s going to look a little different just because we are starting off a slightly hard base last year.
Brian Schell: Yes. So, I just – again, continue to hit that that the boots on the ground is a key element there as we continue to extend that global network. I think it’s important to remember and what that enables us to do across all our network and the proprietary products and everything that we have and then leveraging those learnings and basically, what does it mean to be an exchange operator and the consistency and the reliability of what that brings to the various market participants because our client base largely is a very global client base. The other is that, to mention explicitly, is BIDS, as far as bringing that to market in those geographies, which we talked about, so that’s on the timeline in conjunction with Chris mentioned, the platform migration. And then I will wrap it back up is the broader – going to keep coming back is the broader data opportunity here. We have talked about how we are not only continuing to go after more share of wallet to meet that increasing demand for data analytics. But a big part of that theme also is this international expansion, the incremental analytics, solving for customer capital/margin needs. And then again, in the crypto, which has been brought up a couple of times, is that entire ecosystem of that data need, and it just continues to feed off itself and expand from a data perspective, again, leveraging off the, call it, the cash/equity side of that spot as well as the derivatives and then completing it with the data opportunity.
Brian Schell: So yes, a couple of follow-ups then on the pricing and how we think about it. Again, it will be a little bit of a repeat story as we kind of framed up, and we talked about the European derivatives and pricing there, is that you think that it will be obviously notionally adjusted, obviously, from the pricing standpoint. But again, we look at it from the perspective of all the participants engaged again to facilitate with all the partners to be able to incent that trading, making it easier, reducing friction, making it affordable. And the next question is, well, okay, if you really want to put that in perspective, your entire SPX volume was completely replaced by Nano, would you be better off. And the answer is yes, would be even better off because, as you know, there is usually a slight premium as you continue to break contracts down by size. So, as it gets smaller and smaller, they tend to be a little bit more premium versus, call it, the larger size. So, it’s – on a notional value adjusted basis, it’s slightly higher, but again, it’s – the pricing is still TBD, look for progress as we move forward into that launch.
John Deters: Yes. Thanks, Ed. Good morning, Rich. This is John. So the mention that you just gave of OTC products, Rich, I think that relates to a separate business. It’s a little confusing. It’s also called Eris but that business offers swap futures. They are traded on a competing exchange. We’re talking about here, ErisX, which is purely a crypto platform. The businesses are completely separate. And what ErisX offers, as Ed mentioned, is a – really a start-to-finish integrated platform for crypto trading, spot clearing and derivatives. And the platform is live today. So there are significant users on the platform depending on the day. Some days, it can be really one of the top three, four in the market. The partners that we’re bringing to the table here, and you see us mentioned in the press release, these partners is forming our digital advisory committee, many of those partners are live today on the platform. So we believe, as we kind of look at the evolution of the space, the partners we’re bringing to the table and the readiness of the platform, that our timing really is pretty much spot on here because the technology platform is built. The regulatory approvals are in place. One thing that we’re really looking forward to, as we move towards close and towards evolving the business is the expansion of the derivatives franchise. So again, the regulatory approvals for that platform were all in place. The technology is in place. But what we intend to do is work with the CFTC in gaining approval for margin futures and then other derivatives products, which we think are – can be game-changing for the industry. There really is nothing like it’s settling into the physical coin in an integrated spot clearing and futures and derivatives platform. So we look forward to that build. But really, that’s the only piece that is yet to come. The rest is live and poised for growth today.
John Deters: Yes, Ken. So there are five coins in the platform today and the platform is highly extensible. So currently under review additional coins and altcoins. And it’s worth noting that in terms of today’s bond platform is one of the newest out there, given the time frame since launch is relatively short. And we believe that it has all the underpinnings to recognize pretty substantial growth. It’s important to recognize that – this – our involvement in the space is – and the entire space itself is an evolution. And so Ed really kind of described nicely our initial foray into it. We call that product version 1.0, cash settled pretty simple kind of construct. We quickly learned and evolved from those learnings that the industry was demanding something different. They were demanding physical settlement. They were demanding a robust clearing platform that dealt with the underlying spot in conjunction with the derivatives product. And so when we decided to take our original B 1.0 product down, it was really with a mind towards doing something much more comprehensive to meet the demands of the digital asset space as market participants were telling us they wanted. So that process of kind of getting back into it with the right platform, it took some time. We were waiting for the perfect opportunity. I would say that we were attracted to ErisX really because of the comprehensive sort of from spot through clearing and data to derivatives. It conforms very nicely with our strategy across asset classes and geographies. But as we – kind of to the evolution theme, as we started down the path of evaluating a deal with Eris and we sampled the market to ensure that we were thinking about things in a way that really resonate with market participants, this is where another step the evolution came into play, where there was really this obvious demand for participation from market participants to be part of this initiative to be on the cap table to be aligned with value creation. And so we met that demand with the structure that you saw us announce last week. So really evolution and it’s a rapid evolution because the market – the digital asset space is evolving so rapidly. I don’t think we could have really nearly come close to meeting the demand that the market is telling us to have for a particular type of products and services with our prior product in any sense, and this platform does it for us.
John Deters: Yes, this is John. Just following up on that, I said that we are a partner. This is we are not creating these products in a vacuum. So and as a theme here, that crosses over to crypto, too. You saw some names there that are really kind of the retail. Vanguard right now, we are creating these products and the educational programs around them in partnership with these really important retail partners of ours.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. Good morning. Thanks, Dan, for the question. So we’re very pleased with launching this on time on September 6 on the leadership of Dave Howson and Ed, and Cecil in Europe. Our exchange work just as designed, so to the clearing system, we bought EuroCCP about a year ago, and they have added Clarington to their portfolio as we built the derivatives exchange. So operationally, things are going just as we planned. We’ve communicated that our – we had modest expectations this year as we build the base. And Brian can talk about incentives we have in place for market making and liquidity.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. Thanks, Brian. So I mean, these are a lot of great questions about ErisX, and it just speaks to how excited we are about it and how much interest there is in the space, and we think the timing is right. As John has mentioned, this – in one step, we get spot, data, derivatives and clearing in a single step, and that’s so consistent with our strategy and what we have done in other asset classes. I would also say, as we looked at this asset, we see that there has a lot been a ton of innovation in the digital asset space, but there still remains a trust, transparency and data gap. And we think with ErisX, we can fill that gap with Tom Chippas and team and the platform they have built and expand on the vision that ErisX started with because of the partners we are bringing to the table. And regarding competition, we won’t just have a spot market. We are having a derivatives market that will allow for physically settled futures, margin futures, as John talked about. There is a big and broad vision here that we think we can fulfill with these partners, not dis-intermediating, but embracing them, so they can access all the customers, both traditional and nontraditional customers, that want to trade digital assets. We will be able to get to them through these intermediaries and this platform that’s going to embrace transparency and regulation as it gets formed and clarified. And I think that Tom and team have built this right. They have got the regulatory approvals that are needed. They have got the money transfer licenses in 50-plus states, CFTC approval for a futures exchange and a designated clearing organization. So, they have got a great chassis, great foundation to build upon.
Chris Isaacson: Great. I will start with the Cboe Global Cloud, which we are very excited about going live here actually next week, next Monday. So, this just furthers the theme that we want to provide better access and more ubiquitous access to our data and our products all around the world. And so we will start with U.S. equities, futures and indices data. And the leadership of Cathy Clay on this new data and access solutions group that we formed earlier this year. This is just the first. We have data sets soon to be across 22 countries in equities plus futures, options data, indices data. We will just keep adding on to the data sets that we will offer. We are starting this with AWS, a great strategic global partner for us. And we want to access not just existing customers, but a lot of customers who may not have a cross-connect in the data center today, but would have an Internet connection to a global cloud provider like AWS. So, we view this as new customer acquisition and also getting them access to data sets that they don’t currently have today. Maybe I will let Brian answer the second question.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. Thanks, Ed. So, great question, Owen. So, we are super excited about our entry into Asia with Chi-X Asia. Integration planning is going very well. We plan to bring bids to the region with in Australia in the second half of 2022. And then the first half of 2022, we would migrate the Cboe technology in Australia. And thereafter, we would do Japan also. So, as Ed mentioned, now we have a bona fide presence in that region and we are able to sell a full suite of our products, including SPX and VIX options and our growing set of data. So, let’s – maybe Brian, if you want to chime in at the end here as well.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. Just as Ed mentioned, we think we are just at the starting line for a lot of the new retail. Traditional retailer has had access to our products and offered great access for quite a while. But the new retail is just starting and we are excited with – that Webull’s offered access to SPX and VIX, but we still have a lot of room to grow there. I would also mention that they are adding new assets to their platforms and there is an intersection, we think here, over the long-term with digital assets as well. Customers, retail customers are going to want to trade multi-asset not just a single asset on a platform. And so many of them are offering that and we want to provide the ultimate retail investor access to all of our products, but through these great intermediaries, these great partners. We are trying to solve the problem with the intermediary. So, we are just – we are going with the trend here and wanting to provide the access and the products that customers really want.
