A – Brian Schell: So I think there were multiple questions there. So let me talk about -- and this will probably address -- and I apologize for anyone else in the queue who will have a related question that might be a slightly different take, but I'll answer it more broadly around capital allocation and this. I don't really want to -- we don't really have any additional comments or color around any specific transaction that may or may not occur that was stated other than in the prepared remarks. But in the context of capital allocation, let me address that and I think John will maybe cover some of the other kind of our thoughts around strategic investment and considerations and our overall approach broadly. But at the end of the day, our overall goal is always the efficient deployment of capital and just -- and to not just sit on that cash. We do have a philosophy and a long-term track record of returning that cash to our shareholders and we want to balance that with achieving appropriate balance sheet flexibility. As we do every quarter and we're planning to do later this month, we discussed this topic with our Board on a very regular basis. And beyond the working capital needs, making those investments to grow the core business and achieving that flexibility, as we stated many times our goal is to grow that annual dividend as we've done since 2010 and using that capital opportunistically to repurchase the shares. As such, it was unusual for us to hold that much cash at the end of the quarter as we did this quarter. And we don't necessarily expect to hold that level of cash going forward. And again, as we noted, it was anticipation of that higher seasonal working capital needs in that potential transaction, but we also were in the market-purchasing shares, demonstrating that ability to balance that relatively small strategic investment with a direct return to shareholders. So we'll continue to evaluate capital allocation decisions with that type of discipline.
A – Brian Schell: And Chris makes a really good point that I just want to follow-up on, which I didn't make earlier about the proprietary market data. That is -- and we've talked about the growth that we've seen in the U.S. Equities side in respect to Cboe one. And what we're doing and growing that and basically all the shoe-leather, that we're doing to continue to drive that subscriber. It's -- generally it can be a long lead time. But we're starting to see the efforts pay off. Actually the biggest growth that we've seen is, actually on the options side. And as far as some of that growth so we're seeing -- actually on the enhanced market data side, coming through with Livevol transaction we did, so multiple years ago we're starting to see the fruits of that coming through. So we're starting to see more and more traction around other parts of this market data story, that are now starting to like I said, show up in the results incremental year-over-year. So again, it's the biggest growth actually came from that options group. But again, we saw positive numbers across each of the asset classes.
A – Brian Schell: Yeah. The only thing I think that we have is, it would be the -- if there was a -- in the futures where there was I think the fine that we reported. But otherwise noise sometimes you get rate adjustments from checks they're on. So there's just going to be some noise. There is nothing there that I would say that we see a continuing trend or anything to model.
Brian Schell: Sure. So, let me take the first part of that as far as the ramp and why do we expect the slightly higher run rate in Q2, Q3, and Q4. As we look out I mentioned -- we mentioned a couple of times about our continuing investment that we need to do. And that will primarily show up in people and different things that we're doing as far as how do we continue to invest in that client-facing approach. So, that's one of the areas of investment. We'll continue to see that it could show up in the comp line end for example. We also see -- with respect to various initiatives that are going on, we see some increases coming on potentially in professional fees. We know that we have some of our software tech that's rolling on so we're starting to see a little bit slightly higher increase in some of the depreciation and amortization. Again offsetting -- some of that offset is the synergies that are coming in. But again there is not going to be a material change from synergies showing up until the very end of the year. So, there's not really that offset as we try to kind of profile a little bit in the last call of like hey, we're still on track and we still think this is a big number on a run rate basis. But unfortunately the realization of that -- those kind of direct-offsetting expenses during the year are just not going to happen in these early quarters. So, we expect to see a slight ramp-up in comp and I'll come back to incentive in a second. Slight increase in professional fees, slight increase a little bit of a D&A depreciation, and amortization that I mentioned. And along with that sometimes as we ramp up some of this some of our tech support expenses are also going to slightly tick up a little bit. Again, it's kind of across the Board, so I wish I could point to something specifically to that. So, your analysis I think is the right way to think about that. And that number is still less than that kind of that number of what we had in a quarterly basis last year as far as that adjusted operating expense number. So, it does reflect a continued benefit from the synergy savings with the investments that we mentioned. As far as the incentives go I'm obviously not getting it into, hey we're setting a new cool rate at this and that. We do factor in multiple financial metrics and operational metrics, but primarily, financial as a way to make sure that we're appropriately funding incentive comp with our shareholders so that we are completely aligned. And we have a perspective on the environment of what that looks like. Our accruals reflect that. I'm not necessarily going to sit down and say, here’s what we think that volume looks like. But if you think about the incentives and the variable piece of comp, it's roughly 25% of that comp line item. If it's going great it's going to be higher than that because it's not just the incentive comp, it's also the associated payroll taxes and benefits and all the other stuff that nobody likes talk to about, but it's cost money. And then if it's lower than that it's because, hey, the financial performance shows what is there. So as a benchmark 25% of the overall comp is going to be driven by that variable incentive comp number.
Brian Schell: Yes. Brian, on the expenses -- and there would be nobody in this room nor probably anybody on the phone rooting for the scenario you just mentioned. But that would show up in incentive comp. I mean, as far as there would be a lower number, it would reflect a lower-volume environment if the first quarter volumes were to repeat itself.
Brian Schell: Yes. So that one is a little bit harder to break out, because, for example, as you think about pricing versus kind of new ports, you'll see movement a lot as far as people, as they test different strategies increasing say, folks maybe on ports because -- maybe I'll use the example of increasing capacity that are not to increase or decrease depending on the things they do. But one of the reasons it's hard to segregate price versus, I'll call it subscription is for example the CFE tech that was just rolled out. With that platform migration, there was significantly more amount of capacity that was rolled out as part of that platform. And so, as kind of the entire environment changed, and so the pricing changed. And so there was hard way to say well, this number changes because the throughput was different. And so that's an example of why it's hard to necessarily measure that. And we expect that some changes -- sometimes when you do have a price change, of what happens to capacity do we see the numbers fall? With any of the price changes we have seen we really haven't seen any material reduction in it. So it's really across the board. As I look across the segments, of the proprietary market data it's pretty solid across the board up. The biggest one is -- I guess we mentioned the -- some of the futures. We mentioned some of the options. So, it's kind of across the board of what we're seeing. So it's not any one thing. So again, long-winded way of saying that it's hard to tease out. But again we continue to monitor and take a look at it. And Chris, I think you –
Ed Tilly: Yes. I don't -- as far as statistics that's very, very difficult. But I will tell you coming out of our Risk Management Conference in March and the hunger for updated and the continued exposure to white papers and neutral papers so for example, we updated the Wilshire report on option-based benchmarks performance and risks and updated that through December of 2018. Those types of engagements because they're demand-driven is why we're focusing and continue to focus in the pension and insurance space where that exposure is non-stop. Those customers need the information. They need third-party validation before they can go and convert funds that don't use our basic strategies to employ those strategies. So it's really now we're in the knowledge and gathering phase after a year like last year. And the sophistication level and the engagement, I would say that this Risk Management Conference was at an all-time high. I saw all of our client-facing folks engaged in conversations that years ago I could only have imagined from a sophistication level. We need to invest and keep up not only on the client-facing customer interaction from our team, but going out and commissioning papers and having things written by third-parties. That's what we're doing now. And again it's fueled by a year like last year. And run-ups like this where gosh, I haven't seen an all-time high before. Well I did. I've seen them over the cycles in the past. What do I do this time? And why is it different? And these basic strategies these basic -- these white papers that are educating our users that's how we start.
Ed Tilly: Anomalies, I think that's right. If you look at statistically, the current shape, while there are -- making of the steepness of the front month versus second while that bounces a bit, the amount of flat days that we've seen in January and February is very unusual. And why would I think that is? I think that it's just a reflection as my original comments it's just the perception of risk over that very short period of time. And that curve is most influenced as I've said by the most recent events. I think when you have the volatility and the spikes involved like you saw last year that front month is weighed more volatile than it has been historically, which obviously changes the shape of that curve. The roll-down trade it's difficult when that front month is as volatile as it is. If we're going from 16 to 15, 13 back to 15 you're not as likely to engage in what has been a pretty consistent shape of the curve as you had like in 2017. So my reasons for the shape of that curve were not my own. It is basically just watching the customers' perception of that 30-day versus 60-day and all of those drivers of uncertainty. Where is the timing and the spectrum? And as I said, we've seen the steepness today because all of those four big drivers on the end of the fourth quarter are kicked out into the June through October timeframe. But that's -- there will be something new. There will be more uncertainty. I guarantee it. We've seen it every cycle, but we just don't know what it is yet.
Ed Tilly: Yeah. But if we look at that by contract size, because we don't -- obviously as you know – Alex, you know us well enough. We don't have transparency into clearing and where are the ETPs and the interest clears. If we look at contract size, it's pretty balanced. The more sophisticated trader tends to use the roll-down effect of an ETP to their advantage, and offset the ETP exposure with pure-play into VIX futures options. Retail, because it's so easy. It's easy to track parity with an ETP and options on those ETPs that tends to be more retail-friendly. But by size, it's pretty balanced on size. And the complex -- I think it's important to look at the entire complex. Our users look at the complex in its entirety. ETPs are just one extension to volatility exposure, but tends to be way more retail-friendly in general.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, Alex. Good morning. This is Chris Isaacson. I'll take that one. Yes, as you can see we have had higher-than-expected capture in U.S. Equities. And we made a decision in May we're going to reinvest some of that higher capture into the EDGX book where we've seen most of the market share attrition. So we made quite a change there and we've seen some early results that are positive, but it's just a couple of days in. We intend to be very, very competitive in this space and we're going to reinvest that capture. We think this change on EDGX will work very nicely with the retail priority that we have before the commission and hope to get approval this summer on that will -- we think put retail orders earlier in a market queue position for them and hopefully improve fulfillment rates. For the rest of the exchanges, it's month-by-month we're looking at market share and capture. And so I think as we reinvest some of that capture you can expect the capture to come down as the market share goes up. We've -- we made a choice here that we think it's better for us and for our shareholders and customers if our market share is higher than where it's at now so we're going to reinvest to capture.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. The framework is I think at least net revenue neutral for the entire complex for U.S. Equities, but we want higher market share.
Chris Isaacson: I've made a follow-up on the last question about BZX equities. I haven't looked at the statistics yet. But I will note that we are listing VXXB and now actually VXXB migrated to VXX as of I believe it was two days ago seamlessly. So we're watching that closely. That's the listing venue for VXX. And remind you all, we talked about VXXB last time there was a transition from VXX to VXXB and now there's a -- there was name change back to VXX where its full transition is finally complete.
Chris Isaacson: Yeah. Sure, Rich. So, this has some precedent in the options market where you have, let's call it customer priority, and customers or "retailer" or given priorities. So we're using that as precedent. And as you mentioned, there's been retail programs in the U.S. Equities market kind of, on the aggressive or marketable side to give priority to them. But, yeah, this is just us giving retail priority for retail orders or orders that are clearly from retail. If they're at the same price level as other interests from market makers or non-retail customers, they would go to the front of the line and time priority for retail orders. So, it's very similar to what we see in multi-listed options. And that's just what we're planning to do. Of course, the SEC has to approve this, and it seemed that there may be a comment period. But, we've canvassed our customers, and by and large people are quite supportive of this retail and non-retail.
Chris Isaacson: This would be the first one on the non-marketable side for resting limit orders. This is an idea that we frankly, Bryan Harkins, who runs that business, and us -- internally we've talked about for many years, and we feel like this is the right time to bring it to market.
