Deborah Koopman: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our second quarter conference call. On the call today, Bill Brodsky, our Chairman and CEO, will discuss the quarter and our strategic initiatives for 2012. Then Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will detail our second quarter 2012 financial results. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A is our President and COO, Ed Tilly, and our Executive Vice President and Chief Business Development Officer, Ed Provost. In addition, I'd like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides. We will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Brodsky.
Deborah Koopman: At this point, we will be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get to everyone. Feel free to get back in the queue and if time permits, we'll take a second question.
Deborah Koopman: I don't see any further questions. So with that, that completes our call this morning. We appreciate your time and continued interest in our company. Thank you.
William J. Brodsky: No, let me lead with the second question, although, I've learned a long time ago, you don't talk a lot about an issue if you don't have all the facts, and I don't have all the facts. But I would say that look, our understanding is that the SEC and [indiscernible] are reviewing what happened yesterday. We're obviously reluctant to get ahead of the regulators on this, but from the accounts that we've seen, it appears that there was a technology glitch in the trading algorithm. All markets have rules to address these types of situations and it appears that the rules were used uniformly, once the problem was made known. It's very hard to predict, so everything is going to happen here. This isn't even 24 hours old, so I really think that we ought to just let the facts come out and then see what happens. On the second question, on the volatility issue, we are extremely enthusiastic about the continued growth of VIX. It is very gratifying and it's really part of what we've been telling people all along, and that is that we spend a lot of time educating people. We see growth in various segments, we see growth from the individual customers side. We see tremendous growth on the professional and institutional side, as I mentioned in my remarks on the Tabb survey, and we're also seeing growth because of these exchange traded products, where quite frankly, that's the product that individuals and others can go to, to let the sponsor manage the volatility portfolio for them based on whatever they view as their volatility needs. So we are supporting all that and in fact, one of the main reasons we're doing our risk management conference literally 5 weeks from now, is that we want to bring our whole volatility suite of expertise to the European Community directly in the conference. I will be there. We are very enthusiastic based on the success of our risk management conferences that we've been having here for many years, but particularly in how we've been able to use that as a launching pad for VIX education, to bring that to the broader community.
William J. Brodsky: Howard, it's a fair question and I've been in this business a long time and there were periods where you have these dips and things come back. And it's very hard to predict when they'll come back. I can think of a year ago, July, when we thought things were really dreadfully slow and then all of a sudden, August shut the lights out. So it's hard to predict when the changes will occur. But it's never a straight line. Ed Tilly will support me on this in terms of some data that may be helpful to you.
William J. Brodsky: Obviously, we were conservative in the guidance that we gave for this revenue line item last February for the guidance that we gave to you entire year. We were concerned about the pushback from our customers, and how they would respond to these free increases even though we believe the fee changes we made were competitive. We believe that VIP helped mitigate some of that pushback, our volume incentive program. And even with 2 quarters behind us, we're still a little concerned that we will experience some degradation as the year wears on. And so consequently, if you annualize results for this line item, using results for the first 6 months, it is somewhat higher as you noted, than the guidance we are providing but it's just our concern about the last 6 months of the year, given the changes that were made in this line item.
William J. Brodsky: I can add a little bit to that, Jillian. I think the success of VIX and the satisfying the demand for VIX exposure, overall volatility exposure, is really being satisfied by the liquidity and the ability to cover volatility in the S&P 500. And we see even a global interest in exposure, in using the VIX product line of the S&P 500. So not surprisingly, any competing product to VIX, the S&P 500 VIX, really has some uphill fight, whether it's global or our own domestic products. So again, our line here is to educate, bring new products to answer a broader range of users' demand but we will continue to do just that.
