Alan Dean: Rich, our philosophy or policy hasn’t changed. As I said in my prepared remarks, regular dividends, we want to see those grow with our business. After investing what we need to on our business to make sure we keep on growing after that stock repurchases we will be opportunistic, but we like our stock and so expect us to continue there. Now with all that being said, I won’t rule anything out there. Everything is on the table. We’ve done specials in the past. And I’m not trying to say that we’d -- there is something on the horizon, but we will consider all methods to return cash to shareholders. That’s the theme. Don’t hold on to shareholder cash and we’ve done that in the past and you can expect us to continue doing that in the future.
Alan Dean: Yes. Its VIX options, VIX futures, its SPX, its Russell. Those are the drivers of that line item and do the analysis; I think you might find some correlation.
Alan Dean: Ed, I think one, another initiative that has really paid off for us is extended trading hours. The geographic expansion that we’ve seen -- we’ve been able to make our products available in different time zones to people, to investors around the world that we -- has really paid off for us, particularly in VIX futures and now most recently in SPX and VIX options. So that’s another example of our growth initiatives that has really paid off along with the VIX Weekly story.
Alan Dean: Well the comparisons we’re making are relative to the third quarter of 2014. So -- but looking forward if I were to compare 2016 RPC and index and futures compared to 2015, I would expect flat to slightly up.
Alan Dean: And Ken, this is Alan Dean. I’ll add that AFX, CurveGlobal, Livevol, so all consistent with our M&A strategy that we’ve articulated many times in the past. What we don’t want to do is get into a new business. A business that we aren’t familiar with or we may not have expertise in. What we do want to do is invest in businesses and opportunities that compliment what we already do or take advantage of our strength. So, I think all those do that, and so it’s not being pulled in a different direction. As John said, it’s taking advantage of what we’re really good at.
Alan Dean: Amanda your question also touched on why is this different in the nine day volatility product and the fact is, in the nine day volatility product we decided at that point that a -- to setting up a separate index from VIX and trading nine day volatility in the form a Weekly was a approach that we thought the market place would be very accepting of. As it turns out what the market place really wanted was the natural extension of our VIX product which has been so successful and a Weekly variant of our VIX product is what the market place has decided works for them obviously. It’s worked out that way in SPX and in many other established products. So I think and looking back going with a VIX Weekly as it has now shown itself to be quite successful is the way that the market place wanted a VIX Weekly product.
Alan Dean: Yes. It is as you said Rob, a small acquisition and immaterial really. What we said in the press release is that, we expected revenue and expense for 2015 to be flat and then to be slightly accretive next year. The one revenue line item on our P&L that was affected this quarter by the acquisition of Livevol was exchange services and other fees. And so if you look at year-over-year it’s slightly up, and so that was the Livevol revenue flowing through our P&L. The expenses are included in our core expenses and so, not a needle mover initially, but we think in the long run it provides a great opportunity for us. John, I’ll turn it over to you.
Alan Dean: And I think I’ll add one more comment Rob, which I think I’ve been most impressed with while the technology has been just terrific and really the gold standard in measuring and using volatility. The team that we’ve been able to onboard led by the former CEO of Livevol, Catherine Clay and her team of programmers is just incredible and the on-boarding has gone smoothly, and we couldn’t be more pleased to learn from that team and looking at things in a different way and its just -- its been just a terrific experience for us.
Alan Dean: Okay. So there are different participants, pay different fees. And so if for instance, in -- and there is different discounts available for instance week cap customer fees and SPX, I think it’s a 15,000 contracts per trade. There are things like that that could impact RPC and our index products. There is a similar type of cap in VIX, but usually the difference in RPC, the impact by market participants is minimal unless we happen to change fees. What it -- the volatility doesn’t -- it is a force by itself doesn’t impact our fees as much as the volume would impact RPC. So what I’m thinking of specifically is VIX futures. In the third quarter we had big volume, we had a lot of movement, so that meant that there were more of VIX day traders in the futures trading. So taking advantage of the price movements intraday, they pay a much lower rate, they have a discounted fee. That would impact the revenue per contract and VIX futures. So in 2014, I’m sorry, in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter with if volume is lower, I would expect RPC to tick up a little bit in VIX futures just further in that example I was talking about. But I don’t -- it could be the other way as well. The big mover and RPC more than anything else is not participants, its fee changes.
Alan Dean: Well, the -- it’s related to the products that were being traded. So spiders within ETPs had big volume. Those fees are -- and the ETPs are little bit higher than the equity side and so they resulted in more volume, more revenue and -- in a higher RPC. If you look at our RPC and equities for example, in the last five quarters we had relatively low volume, but the highest transaction fees in the last five quarters in our press release you can see that chart in there. So it is very difficult to predict volume and to be -- to precisely predict revenue per contract. And that’s why one of the reasons why we published that rolling three month average of our RPC each month. So that help you gain insight to what we’re seeing.
Alan Dean: Sure. I’d be glad to. So again no different than what we’ve said in the past, we -- and I’m speaking to specifically core expenses, not a volume related expenses. We -- our goal is to limit the growth in core expenses to an inflation like percentage, so 3% to 5% max. It might go over 3% if profitability is there. That might drive incentive compensation, but 3% to 5% year-over-year is our goal and it’s our goal for 2016. We are right in the middle of the planning process for 2016 right now. So I can’t -- I don’t have any more clarity. We will -- of course we will give you guidance on our earnings call in February. And as I think about expenses for 2016, I would apply that percentage that 3% to 5% not to our current guidance that we’re at right now, the 194 to 196, but instead to our original guidance of 195 to 199. I think that’s how you should look at it and we will clarify it in February.
John Deters: Good morning. This is John Deters. I think the things that we’d like folks to focus on when thinking about CurveGlobal are, first the participant. So we’ve got two leading global exchanges involved and our participation in particular, it’s a great question when you think about what we do well, when you think about our DNA, its product innovation. And so that leads you to the next point of what differentiates the CurveGlobal platform. It’s a platform that will be focused on product innovation, not strictly listing the products that are out there today. And then, I’d also point you to clearing environment for CurveGlobal. CurveGlobal will clear into LCH.Clearnet, which is the largest OTC swaps clearing platform in the world with close to 200 trillion in notional outstanding for swaps derivatives. And we think the opportunity to garner capital efficiencies with portfolio margining is tremendous. So we look forward to providing those novel products into the platform.
John Deters: Yes. I’ll just springboard after that. We really are finding new applications for existing expertise and we take a disappointing rigorous approach to what opportunities we will prioritize looking at things like the size of the end market. It’s no secret that the rates market is an enormous end market opportunity and particularly working in an optimized clearing environment and working in partnership with the large dealer banks, we think we’ve got tremendous opportunity to apply that expertise to great success.
John Deters: Yes, and strategically it’s what, we love highlighting the story because I think it highlights our advantage in market data. Market data is an important strategic focus for us and our advantage really is in derivatives market data and the information that’s embedded in derivatives products. We always look when we look at market data initiatives, we look for opportunities that will feedback into our proprietary products either through increased trading because market participants have new tools and analytics to use to help them gain comfort with trading our products for through the data stream that can be turned into yet more innovative proprietary products for us.
Alex Kramm: Hey. First I guess only question is for Alan. I know people have asked this before, but the royalty number continues to surprise people, so hoping that you can give us a little more building blocks if you can use in the futures to -- future be better. I mean, I look at different product bucket, VIX futures, VIX options, SPX options, probably the biggest ones. All those increased fairly consistently 40%, 50% and your royalty fees were up 30%. So what am I missing, because it doesn’t seem to be mix of those three buckets, because they all increased have more than royalty fees, so what else am I missing? Thanks.
Alex Kramm: Great. Then maybe just secondly, since we’re in follow-up territory here. On the VIX Weekly, I appreciate the color. Any other color you can give in terms of where you think you are in terms of people that are traditional VIX users that might be using Weekly’s, that how many are signed up and how many are ready to go? And then, are you seeing any cannibalization at this point? I don’t know if you’ve talked about this? Sorry if you have.
Alex Kramm: All right. Very good. Thanks a lot. Have a good weekend and hopefully to see some of you at FA in next week. Take care.
Edward Tilly: Its Ed Tilly, I’ll start. Actually year-over-year SPX has actually been more than solid. We’re up 8% in SPX year-over-year, future is up roughly 2% even given the slow first quarter and VIX options just a terrific recovery from a first quarter, we were down about 40%, we’re down 11% year-over-year. So all of that certainly leads to a change in volatility and specifically the driver from our end users is the expected risk looking forward over the volatility curve. We talked a great deal on the first quarter, very, very low expectation of risk in the market place. The utility of VIX really outperforms when the expectation over time is an increased risk or more normal risk in insuring the S&P 500 with VIX future and options. The growth, when we look out over the next couple -- the next quarter or quarters into next year, still we will rely on an incredibly intense educational effort. We mentioned just a few of them in my prepared remarks. The joint educational opportunity with Singapore and Asia, our RMC -- our first RMC in Hong Kong completing our fourth in Europe. All of those point to increasing the user base not just domestically but globally for our unique product set, the SPX complex, the volatility complex and now of course FTSE Russell primarily with Russell. And well recently, we haven’t spent any time on that this call, this morning is adding another tool one that more closely tracks Spot VIX with the VIX Weekly option and future. I can't point to a better contract, better start to a new launch contract than the VIX Weekly. We’re in week -- roughly week three here averaging over 20,000 contracts a day and spiking already at 68,000 contracts. That’s pretty remarkable and then has to coincide with the concentrated educational effort to point out the differences and uniquely the similarities and what strategies work in trading on the short end of the volatility curve much more closely in line with Spot VIX compared to that traditional every 30 day expiration in the traditional VIX futures and VIX options. So long answer to a terrific question on what we think and what we expect in the future, more education, much more education, new product set out in the market place answering the demands from the short end of the curve, and I’d ask Ed and Alan if they’d like to join in.
Edward Tilly: Great question. So, just to be clear, we’re not being pulled in any new direction. Product development is core here and what these joint ventures and corporations and investments in short is the flexibility for us to develop the new products -- new products similar to what we’ve been doing over years here at CBOE. We gained the flexibility of platform, and now with CurveGlobal the flexibility of a clearing venue. But the resources dedicated to new products have not changed. We are as engaged as we’ve always been. We’re certainly not pulled in any new direction rather look at these opportunities as flexibility in product design and ultimately product clearing, and then the global reach because of that added flexibility. So again, not a new direction for us, just giving us much more options as far as listing and clearing, and we pick up certainly with LSE who have just been terrific. A much more collaborative effort on what they see will answer the needs of specifically customers that maybe originating in their home market. So, its business as usual here with much more flexibility and I’d certainly offer Alan or John Deters certainly to weigh in as well.
Edward Tilly: And I think it ties in pretty nicely with the question just before Ken was -- some contracts don’t perform well when you launch them and we’re not afraid of that, and we’re certainly not afraid to go back to the drawing board and redesign as is the case and the perfect example of the nine day short dated volatility contract compared to the redesign in launching a Weekly on a 30 day number. So we like this stuff, this is what we do. And if something doesn’t work we don’t give in on the concept, because we heard from the end user there is a demand for short-term volatility contracts. We didn’t have it right the first time. So we go back to the drawing board, we re-launch and we re-launched successfully in this case and that is perfectly aligned and certainly what we’ve been used to doing with our customers in meeting their demands.
Edward Tilly: Alan, do you want to start with revenue and expense, and we’ll get into the Livevol what that does for us.
Edward Tilly: Alex and Provo, let me just add on to that. We spent a lot of time in Europe and quite frankly all around the globe, and as we’ve begun to engage in products outside of our normal equity space, it’s very important for us to make contacts and meet people who are expert in areas that we haven’t historically been focused on. So we think CurveGlobal and the people that we talk to in Europe and around the globe relative to that investment will be people who’ll add knowledge base to the CBOE and will allow us to develop our contacts much more broadly than we would, if we had not engaged in that partnership.
Edward Tilly: No, I think that’s right on, Ed. Alex, its always you expect to see some cannibalization, but also some incremental volume, not necessarily new customers, but similar customers or the same customers engaged in strategies using Weekly’s, whereas previously obviously they were limited to the month wise. And the rolling strategy is really as Ed pointed out the one that we’re starting to see. So we’re very confident a portion of that business is incremental, but it’s always hard to answer a question like that with specificity, because we don’t get transparency all the way down to the end-user.
