Deborah L. Koopman: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. And thank you for your patience. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our CEO, will provide an update on our strategic initiatives for 2014, and Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review our second quarter 2014 financial results. Following their comments we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A is our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ed Provost. In addition, I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides. We will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may effect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise after this conference call. Now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Tilly.
Deborah L. Koopman: At this time, we’ll be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get everyone's questions asked. Please feel free to get back in the queue and if time permits we will take a second question.
Deborah L. Koopman: Thank you. That completes our call this morning. We appreciate your time and continued interest in CBOE. Please give me a call with any follow up questions you may have. Thanks again.
Edward T. Tilly: Well, no. As we said in the first quarter when we were setting records and really we were enjoying some higher levels of volatility, we said look – that is not a trend line nor is a sub-historic level. And while it has been somewhat extended in months now as opposed to weeks, days like yesterday reaffirm our position that we are on track. The message is getting out there. Your open interest comment, as we have been teaching you, people accumulate volatility and holding volatility whether it's ETNs, our futures, our options, and taking those positions preparing for moves in the market that will inevitably come and we saw that yesterday. We saw that this morning and the overnight session reaffirms it. The world is seeing that as well.Richard H. Repetto – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Great, thanks, Ed. Thanks for the color on the VIX. Thank you.
Edward T. Tilly: Let me start with permits. I think what’s important for us is seeing renewed interest in let let's say someone tries trading VIX futures it may or may not work. But then the interest in us and our CFE business development guys going out and finding new users who turn around and start trading is really what we are focused on. That said, there are new users that we measure each and every month. And we couldn't be more encouraged by that pipeline and the amount of trading permits holders that are signing up. And more importantly the amount of those trading permits holders that are actually engaged in and trading regularly. So, it doesn’t – we are interested in every trade, obviously, but watching the new entrants come in and participate in the extended trading hours and that's really more of the turnover that we’re looking at. And so the actual number of trading permit holders, although it is up this year, its important for us to make sure that they are engaged and getting that market data and engaging in our markets each and every day. And I think Ed will speak a bit on the market data aspect.
Edward T. Tilly: Sure. We would love to. So what we've seen and really the power of volatility product is when it is truly negatively correlated. And we have experimented, as you know, in commodities and commodities tend to have rising volatility as the trend in that underlying commodity is moving. So for example, gold has a higher volatility when there is a sense of a scarcity to the upside as well as an anticipated move to the downside, so it's not always negatively correlated. And the securities in S&P 500, in the Russell contract, the negative correlation is really the power of the hedge, and we saw that most clearly on days like yesterday. So as we look at the opportunities we look out over those that the market has grabbed and embraced as hedging vehicle. Now we think there's a terrific case to be made as pure trading vehicles. So when we relaunch or we look at commodities again it will really able in being able to point at look at the trading opportunity, the high volatility of volatility, no matter what the asset class is. So a lot of that education is probably in the second phase when we go back to the commodity space. We are very encouraged, as you asked your question, about getting into fixed income and our partnership with using CME/CBOT market data for the 10-year note, couldn't be more excited. It brings us to completely new users, but what we've learned from broadening and VIX futures, will allow us to get into these other asset classes and attack the pure trading aspect of trading volatility.Christian Bolu – Credit Suisse Group AG: That's a very good color. Thank you so much.
Edward T. Tilly: I think it will be a combination. So if we look back at the success that we had in VIX in the S&P 500 really the futures served as a hedging vehicle for options. And if we look our short-term VXST, which I know Ed wants to speak to, we look at even early options interest outpacing the interest in futures so again the futures are serving as the hedging vehicle and a level to trade even the short-term. So as we look out and we are expanding, I do think and expect that overtime we will see some ETPs dedicated to short-term, would not surprise me if the major banks and institutions see some early success in any asset class, there could be an ETN to follow. We know there is great interest, but in order to manage that ETN to replicate the strategy that the underlying is providing, there needs to be some critical mass in either the futures or the option so that you can the option so that you can replicate and you can sell that strategy to your customers. So we are encouraged, there is interest and we will follow the very successful roadmap that we have seen in our original VIX contract and extend that to short-term, to Russell, to interest rate and into commodities.Christopher M. Harris – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  Thanks.
Edward T. Tilly: So going out over time I think what we are most encouraged, I wouldn't call it a new product actually, I actually, I would call it a new touch point or new access, we couldn't be more pleased with the extended trading hours and the uptake, as Ed Provost said earlier, not just domestic. And we know that we have domestic access into extended trading hours, but the international feedback we are getting on having these markets open could not have a better example than overnight last night to this morning's open. Breaking a record and being touch and satisfy demand for not just that delta-1 hedging of the S&P 500 but rather offering exposure to volatility around the clock. Setting a new record today, coming off of our lows yesterday, coming into uncertainty this morning before the fed number, so that there is a demand to access the world’s benchmark of volatility as measured by VIX. So, but that said I would let Ed make a couple of comments as well.
Edward T. Tilly: So and you asked other opportunities. So I don’t want to undervalue I think the opportunity we have at our RMC to actually focus on Russell as well, there has been great interest as you know in small caps and the difference is Russell has a higher volatility, I think there is an educational opportunity for us to raise the awareness of accessing volatility in a very liquid market by trading Russell VIX. And I also think obviously our partnership with the CME really allows our business development guys to be exposed to a whole new asset class which is bigger than what we’re currently focused on. It will be a longer runway, this won’t be right out of the gate, it’s not our expectation, but boy the potential is terrific to make even marginal inroads compared to where we have with the 500, because it’s just such a bigger market. So we are encouraged, we’re still on-track as I had mentioned in the prepared remarks for later this year to launch the BXTYN futures, concentration on Russell and really spotlighting the difference between 500 and the 2000, but we are really poised to do it all.Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Thank you for pretty concrete answers. Thanks, guys.
Edward T. Tilly: Yes, I would assume we haven't set prices for what the interest rate VIX would be but the way I am thinking about it right now to be an RPC on the futures side similar to what we are capturing on our normal VIX, something in that neighborhood. Soon as I get better clarity, of course, we will get back to our shareholders.Jillian R. Miller – BMO Capital Markets Corp.:  Great. Thank you. 
Alan J. Dean: Good question, Alex. Let me address the under investing part first. You notice we didn't change guidance on our CapEx for the year. And we felt that all of those the projects in our capital guidance spending this year critical and are important to achieving our strategic objectives so we didn't touch them, didn't reduce them. And that's the way we approach expenses, expense reduction. And one we – when we reduce expenses we'll look to delay things, pare things back. We will touch on many line items here at the exchange all again keeping in mind our overall objective of not impairing our growth prospects in the future. So, I would expect that many of the reductions that would account for our reduction in our guidance and core expenses to happen rather quickly, some may be delayed. At this point in time I really can't go into by line item because I am in the midst of the cost reductions. But the playbook that we refer to is similar to this one that we have used in the past. So we will look at, as an example, travel and meetings. Do we have to – is there anything we can pare back there? Or consulting costs is there something that we can delay until next year? So that is outside services. That's a couple of examples of things that we look at.Alex Kramm – UBS Securities LLC:  Okay. That's a start. Thank you.
Alan J. Dean: Yes. It’s a good question, there was an anomaly this quarter in royalty fees and we've seen it happen in other quarters, particularly last year, still the best correlation to royalty fees is our volume and our proprietary products index in futures products. I think you will see some variation from quarter-to-quarter, but I don’t have a better metric for you. I think you would be conservative and safe if you use the metric that occurred in this quarter which was higher than what we saw in last quarter. So I think you will see some variability, but it should be a conservative estimate if you use this quarter’s correlation.Kyle K. Voigt – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: All right, thanks. Appreciate it.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, good question, Gaston. I don't have more concrete – a better estimate that I had before of spending in next year and year before. If you look at our capital spending prior years was around $30 million to $35 million this year it jumps up $47 million to $50 million. I would expect it to drop back a bit next year, but we are in the midst of the planning process for next year and beyond. So if it does change I don't think it would be at a level that would be shocking to you. So I expect it to go down a bit, maybe not by much, maybe not back to the $30 million to $35 million level, but to be at $50 million again, that is possible but unlikely. But I am not sure.Gaston F. Ceron – Morningstar Inc.: Thank you for the color.
Edward L. Provost: Hi Jillian its Provost. So we have a fully dedicated person who sells CFE market data. He does that domestically and internationally and the international aspect of his sales effort has been of great focus in the last six months. We have seen good growth in the number of subscribers to CFE market data. Some of these are current users who are transitioning from prior carriers and a good number of them are new customers. So it gives us great confidence that even though volume in the VIX products over the last several months has not been as strong as we might like because of market conditions, there is a continued and growing interest internationally in the product and I think that is largely driven by the 24-hour trading. So we are very optimistic given the interest in the subscribing to the CFE market data.Jillian R. Miller – BMO Capital Markets Corp.:  Okay. Thanks, guys.
Edward L. Provost: Good morning.Christian Bolu – Credit Suisse Group AG: Thanks for the updates on the interest rate VIX. Could you just speak about your appetite to launch or relaunch VIX products on other asset classes outside equities and interest rates? And maybe just rank which of those asset classes would have the greatest potential. Thank you.
Edward L. Provost: I would just add to that Alex that our international efforts in not to down play our domestic efforts which are continuing and we think is tremendous untapped potential domestically, but Ed referenced earlier on our RMC in Europe where we have a significant audience following the volatility products, both with respect to the S&P and the Russell products. Just last week we were in China speaking to several hundred people from a combination of federal agencies, futures organizations and potential market markers and they are developing markets. We will be in Australia before the end of the year working with our partner down there who has been a licensee of our VIX methodology for several years helping them further develop their volatility product. We think that is good for our product, because our VIX product is as I mentioned the global proxy for market volatility. So again, general market conditions is going to be probably the biggest driver, but education globally will be the key that we focus in.
