Alan Dean: Yes. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, volume was down in the multi-list products quarter-over-quarters, equity and ETF. When you compare the 2 product lines, that was down. So that accounted for a significant reduction in the line item. And as you insinuated, we reduced the threshold at which we will pay for the way exchange fees when we route a customer order to another exchange. So we've been working hard on this line item for a while, trying to trim it down as best we can while still doing what we think is best for our customers and the exchange in general. And so we're very happy with the results that we saw this quarter.
Alan Dean: I think, Alex, opportunistic is the key word. We plan to be opportunistic. And we do generate significant cash as you mentioned. We don't plan on borrowing nor will we borrow any money to fund the stock repurchase. We have adequate cash reserves on our balance sheet. And we'll generate additional cash in the future. We need about $40 million to $60 million in cash on our balance sheet to comfortably run the business. So with that level, you can see that we can easily come up with $100 million to do the stock repurchase.
Alan Dean: No, nothing in the one-time nature this quarter that would make it an aberration going forward. To expand on my earlier answer, in the past, we would reimburse the way exchange fees if the size of the order was under 500 contracts. And so that cost us a lot of money. What we did during the quarter is we reduced that threshold from 500 contracts to 100 contracts. So if the order size is 100 or less, we paid the way exchange fees. And that reduction meant a lot for us combined with the reduction of volume.
Alan Dean: Yes. Also, I want to say that this reaffirms what we've been saying all along in our quarterly earnings calls and meetings with investors is that our priority is making sure that we invest what we need to in our business to make sure it grows at the maximum level that it can. And beyond that, cash should be returned to shareholders unless we have a good reason to keep it. So we looked at all the possibilities, as Bill mentioned, and if something should come along on the acquisition side, some expansion of our business external, that is not organic, we have our balance sheet to lean on. And a debt-free balance sheet is a very good thing.
Alan Dean: So I think we see the potential. We gave guidance for this year in that 1 to 3 percentage range. We still haven't realized the full potential. As you point out, we're looking forward to an S&P 500 product certainly trading on an all-electronic fashion on C2. But pointing to the highlights in the slide that was in the deck, and we can see that in the SPDR and Q volume was pretty terrific for us. So it's certainly something that we'd be shooting for in the other multi-list classes, and it gives us confidence that we're onto the right model. C2 is performing well. The customer experience is a positive one. So I like those numbers. It's something to be shooting for. But we remain in our 1% to 3% range for the remainder of this year. And again, we look very much to launching the S&P 500 pm contract to really help us realize that goal.
Alan Dean: The difference in structure in VIX and the debate whether or not there would be the full benefit that we anticipate for SPXpm is that our users of VIX contracts today can choose to trade VIX in an all-electronic fashion on CBOE's hybrid platform. That of course is different with the current SPXam contract when comparing that to the potential SPXpm all-electronic. So while we haven't ruled it out, the benefit certainly that we see with electrification in the S&P 500 may or may not be a huge benefit for us in VIX, but it's certainly a conversation we're having.
Alan Dean: Pat, that's probably a part of it, I don't have those numbers right in front of me. I'm sure it is part of it. But I think a significant reason why RPC went up beyond the change in the mix is that our sliding fee scales that we have in place. When volume is down, the average rate that we're paid goes up, and that just happens automatically. And so I think that also had a significant impact in the overall RPC.
Alan Dean: It's easier to tell you what we reduced in the first half of this year rather than what will go up and maybe that will help you in coming to an answer. What we looked at is employee costs in the first half of the year. So hiring, incentive compensation, we focused on outside services dramatically for the first half of the year. Travel and promotion, another area that we looked at, very hard and training volume incentives also, there's a couple of questions on that so far this morning. So what we try to do is in periods where we see lackluster volume, we can dial down expenses somewhat, not completely, nor do I think we should it in a drastic way. These are short-term things that we're able to that in terms of delay or elimination or reduction. And we'll do it again if we see volume trail off. And I hope that gives you the color that you're looking for.
Alan Dean: Well, I would say that if I -- I saw that July has been a very good month. August is starting out wonderfully. So current levels is -- I wouldn't compare current levels to what we saw in April and May, for instance. June was a little bit better. So no, current levels I think is a lot better than what we saw earlier in the year.
Alan Dean: Rich, this is Alan. The revenue structure in the agreement allows us to realize fees that are comparable to what we realize on our trading floor today for SPX. So we try to be -- structure the change in the contracts so that we wouldn't be negatively impacted.
Alan Dean: Roger, Alan here. No, that wasn't the motivator. We saw an increased selling pressure resulting from the last lockup. We evaluated all the alternatives available to us and decided on our approach of raising the dividend by 20%, which we did, and combining with the stock repurchase. So it wasn't motivated by that. We believe in the long-term prospects of CBOE and believe that this approach, this comprehensive approach, was in the best interest of our shareholders, all of them.
Alan Dean: So there's some more specific. There are 40 to 50 sponsored and licensed ETNs that track different ranges of volatility in the volatility curve, and the most successful, obviously, Barclays in that short-term volatility exposure. But there are others certainly, as Bills points out, roughly 40 to 50.
Alan Dean: I think you might have missed Bill's prepared comments. But launching the CBOE VIX Tail Hedge Index really plays to those that have already adapted VIX in their portfolio and need a benchmark to track their success. So we have details out on our website on that tail hedge index. And we think that's a tool that will bring even more visibility to the benefits of balancing the portfolio with the VIX components.
William Brodsky: First of all, the SEC is using a different process than they have used before. So what we've just been through has been a new thing. Quite frankly, I was pleased to see that there was only one negative comment letter, not surprisingly, from ISC because they tend to oppose anything we try to bring forward. But we addressed all of the comments in our rebuttal letter. So #1, it's moving along. The timing is such that the SEC has under the present procedure until June 6 to either approve it or disapprove it or extend its review by a final 60-day period. Having said that, delays in approval, historically, are not unusual. I remain cautiously optimistic about it. But that said, there are no guarantees. So we do have contingencies. But it would be premature to discuss them at this point.
William Brodsky: We don't get into new products before we announce them. So if we haven't announced them yet -- we're not going to announce them at this time. But this is something -- we always have a pipeline. And one of the things that I think is terrific right now is that the marketplace is recognizing the value of the VIX product line, not only in terms of the index values that we disseminate, but also the products that we're trying to create through VIX. And as I said, we've launched a very heavy educational effort through our Options Institute, training people about VIX. So this is all part of a bigger package that as you come up with a whole new concept in trading, which is a volatility suite, we have to educate parallel to bringing on new products.
William Brodsky: Howard, I think that what's important is that the industry really is broken into 2 groups: you have the commoditized products and you have the premium products. And we don't want to yield any market to anybody. But quite frankly, we continue to battle every day in the multiply listed area. But our growth story stems from our leadership role in index products and the volatility suite. So even in the lackluster quarter we just went through, we believe that we've knocked the cover of the bowl in the VIX and the futures and options. That's our growth edge. So we're going to be a competitive business. But we think we can add tremendous value by what we bring to the table that nobody else does.
William Brodsky: Bill Brodsky, Matt. The whole C2 rollout has been doing very, very well. And as you can see, we're tweaking the fee structure, and it's been very effective. So I think we'll continue to see a growth in C2. And when SPXpm comes on, that should change it. But until that happens, we're going to just keep growing as we have been organically. And it's always going to give you a little further insight.
William Brodsky: Michael, this is Bill Brodsky. Let me first respond to that and if Alan wants to augment it. We are in dialogue with the officials in the state at the highest level to help them better understand our tax situation, and work to create a better economic climate for business, obviously generally, but also for the kind of business that we're in. So this is a little early to tell you what might occur because as you know, this happened early this year without a lot of warning. And I can tell you I'm personally involved with the highest levels in the state government to see what we can do to help bring this down.
William Brodsky: This is Bill, Ken. Building volume is an art as much as it is a science. In fact, it's more of an art. It's education. It's getting the right markets makers. It's interesting people who might be the more likely users. We are developing a major initiative to take the whole CFE to a new level. We now are trading at the rate of 1 million contracts a month at CFE. I would dare to say it's probably the most successful new futures of initiative in many, many years, and we are working on that. We have an Oil VIX product as well. So there's a whole host of things we're doing, including working with the futures community, which is different than our normal user base. So it will take time, but we know how to do it. We've launched products and it often takes a while to get it really where you want it to be.
William Brodsky: Very hard to guess on timing on that as there are many factors. But I will tell you that we're seeing -- if you look at the VIX futures, in particular, that's being fueled by these ETNs, where we have literally dozens of ETNs near to the VIX. And we're working with the managed futures community, which we think is the next logical place to go to build interest because they understand the commodity-based VIX products better than the securities firms would understand the S&P 500 VIX products.
William Brodsky: That's a great question and I don't have a great answer for you because we actually work hard with a couple other exchanges to get a provision in the Dodd-Frank legislation that's forced on the SEC specific hard deadlines. Because in the past, there were delays that would seem infinite. If this seems long for you, in the past they were longer. And so various exchanges got together and say, "This is not fair. We're going to give the SEC through the statute hard deadlines." So what you're seeing now is the statute being played out where the SEC is being -- actually has hard deadlines that they have not chosen, the statute imposes that on them. So this is kind of a test case. And I think it's going to be as much a function of the nature of the product and what we ask of them. So there may be products that don't create issues to them, that things will be a lot faster. This is related to, from our perspective, because we bring up more new products, more novel products, and we were frustrated that SEC was taking so long. So in a perverse way, we're now being -- this is now being used as it relates to us in the case of first impression. But it related very specifically to when we took -- it took 3.5 years for the SEC to approve GLD options. And so I helped lead the effort in Washington and say, "3.5 years? This is ridiculous, and look at the way that thing trades." So this is procedural. It could work for us, and I think in some respects, it's much more favorable for us because it has finite deadlines where in the past, it literally went on for years.
William Brodsky: This is Bill Brodsky. We host VIX futures on the same trade engine that we host CBOE. One, the basic option exchange, C2, the CFE. So we've built our electronic systems so that it could trade stocks, futures and options and it does that today. It was built that way. I would tell you that there's no significant cost because of the bifurcated situation. The bifurcated situation creates a problem for us when we try to do these different products, which is what I was referring to in the question a few minutes ago from the MorningStar gentleman. That's where this becomes an issue. That's why we actually put that language in Dodd-Frank bill because the hangup sometimes becomes SEC-FTC. So it tends to be more what I'll call, "regulatory rather than systems or operating expenses."
William Brodsky: Yes, OCC. So what we did last May, a year ago, before Dodd-Frank had even passed, is we amended our contract with S&P to the extent that if Dodd-Frank, that was then in process but hadn't been signed, were to require the clearing of OTC derivatives as it related to S&P 500 index options, which are the very commonly used in OTC derivatives, if the legislation were to require that they be centrally cleared, that CBOE would get a financial benefit. If we were clear at OTC or theoretically, some other clearinghouse, even if we didn't trade it, that was a major modification to our contract. It speaks to the relationship we have with S&P to be able to amend the contract when need be, and that sits there pending all the things that are going on in Washington now as it relates to what the rules and regulations will be on centralized clearing of OTC products. And in the equity derivative space, it's our understanding that the S&P 500 is the most commonly used vehicle for OTC option trading.
William Brodsky: And I'll just add, Roger, whatever selling pressures there might have been in the past has been mitigated by institutional buyers, who I'm sure, recognize the long-term intrinsic value of our franchise.
William Brodsky: We have an ongoing dialogue with a variety of major players who recognize that they don't want to be recommending a Barclays product to their clients. They want to make their own products. There's continued interest in the area, notwithstanding the volatility of volatility.
William Brodsky: We can't help but do that. Again, I think that VIX, as a new frontier, we are just in the beginning stages. You can look at it from an institutional point of view. People now look at VIX, They can't not pay attention to it. But it is a learning curve, and we're going to be at the forefront of it. We just came with a new book on trading VIX. And volatility spikes tend to take the whole VIX thing to a new level. So we've seen this a couple of times. It grows even when there isn't volatility, but it's going to grow more when there is volatility.
William Brodsky: Well, first of all, the sticking point, if we want to call it the sticking point, I think it's point of focus is the way I'd like to look at it, is the pm settlement because if you're old enough to remember, which I am, what it brought it about, it was for many, many decades ago, when the New York Stock Exchange specials basically had to close the stock and on Expiration Fridays, it was up against the world and it did not allow for easily handling of imbalances. And there've been incremental changes that have allowed many new products that we have brought on and others along the way that the SEC has allowed a pm settlement, but this product brought back a lot of those issues to them. And that's, if you want to call it a sticking point, that's the sticking point. So I can't tell you exactly what will happen. I can't promise that it will happen on September 3. I can't promise it will happen, period. But if you look at the letters that went out, the circular that they put out, the questions they asked and the lack of response in any meaningful way on the areas that they raised would give me a reason to believe that they now have done a very thorough vetting process. And if there are concerned commentators on these issues, they would've said something. Having said that, I'm in dialogue with the SEC. They are heavily loaded or overloaded on dealing with Dodd-Frank deadlines. That's not a secret. So to a large extent, I think if there are delays, I can't, again, guarantee the results. But I think some of the delays are not related to our issues. They're related to the fact that there's so many deadlines they have to meet.
William Brodsky: It's a great question. I think in one of our comments, whether it was a quarterly or we've been public at one of the conferences, we're certainly watching the definitions first of swap dealers in considering building a SEF, whether or not that is an interest to pursue here at CBOE. I think like the rest of the industry, unfortunately, today the answers we're still waiting for definition and clarity on the regulation, even though July has come and gone as the target date. So certainly, we'll never rule that out. It's definitely on our radar. And the process here at CBOE and our technology is to consider SEF and the systems behind operating a SEF as well as, of course, the legal and regulatory hurdles. We will be looking at that and making further comments as definitions come out of the rule making and out of D.C.
