Edward Tilly: Sure, Rich. Great question and a couple of answers there. We have returned to a more normal shape of the volatility curve. What that means is it upward sloping. So front month about 13, sloping up to about 18, which is the historic level of volatility, so we’ve that term structure play in place, much of what we’ve enjoyed in the growth of VIX options has returned. That’s the biggest VIX option story. Along with that, we talked in the first quarter, hey, what happened to the big trader? The big traders use the most efficient tool for tail risk hedging is pure VIX play, VIX options with the greatest leverage. That was very expensive, if you remember, with the high vol of vol and high option prices in VIX in the first quarter. VIX vol of vol has returned to its closure, to its historic level. So we’ve got a tail risk hedge back in play. We’ve got a term structure strategy back in play and so it’s a sustainable sure. Remember, VIX is using real prices to hedge a portfolio the S&P 500. Our traders tell us by looking over the term structure that is looking month in, month out over the calendar, that they expect while front month is low, roughly 13 out six months it returns to historic level. So that is a structure that our users are used to from a term structure play. And then our tail risk hedgers can find great coverage in that tail risk hedge as vol of vol has returned to its more normal levers -- leverage. As for futures, the futures growth has another -- a different driver. So the range in futures which in the first quarter was relatively flat, if you remember, we’ve had a range from about 12 and then through the risk of Greek default up to about 18. So that range and trade from a futures traders perspective provided great opportunity, so we saw the day trader or the more active futures traders taking advantage of that move from 12 to 18 back to 16, up to 18 and now back to 13. So there has been a lot of activity from the more active futures trader as well as the market makers who are hedging a greater daily volume of options trade. So we benefit again from the options volume increasing in our futures is that’s the go to -- first go to hedge for our options market makers, we’re managing their portfolio pure VIX options. So lot of moving parts. Is it sustainable? Yes. Can we tell you its going to be exactly like that for the next couple of months? No, but this is a more normal vol environment upwards sloping over time and we expect and it would be -- not be surprised if those strategies that are in play, in July and June continue going forward. Long answer to a simple question, Rich. Sorry about that.
Edward Tilly: This is a really simple story from our users perspective. We knew that there was demand and there remains -- is demand each day for a shorter term contract for volatility. When we rolled out the volatility in VXXT that is an implied volatility over a nine-day period. That is different than what we’ve thought and what our users are used to in applied volatility contract for 30-day. The new Weekly, which is already traded more futures in its first five days than the VXXT did in two months, so is the utility and the easy adoption of the early short-term users in futures contracts to satisfy their needs for the short-term. The other difference as the -- we added more expiries as the -- as we come closer to expiration, VIX futures track more closely Spot VIX. So that is more utility for those users who are trying to track closer to the cash VIX level, we’ve given them 52 opportunities now throughout the year, that tracking becomes much tighter. VXXT didn’t track that number at all. Obviously, it was a nine-day implied volatility number. So there is great buzz around the early days of VIX Weekly futures trading and they’re now announcing the October 8, we think we can get the buzz of the options traders around a short-term contract that answers their needs as well.
Edward Tilly: The last couple of months didn’t change our opinion on the maturity at all. What it taught us was the different utility and how different users choose their hedges. And what we learned I think was the most exciting that we learned in the first quarter in a depressed VIX option volume was the utility back into our SPX complex. So if you remember first quarter across the industry was not our best quarter -- was not the industry’s best quarter. But what stood out was the utility of going back into SPX, and that volume was one of the few contracts that actually showed an increase in the first quarter, we were up roughly 1%. So we’re learning much about the VIX complex, its utility and how it behaves in different market environments. I think what is interesting and we made our announcement today on new benchmarks. With that mind there’s been terrific buzz around capturing vol risk premiums and one of our new contracts or benchmarks that we announced STGV which is a premium capture strategy with controlled downside risk. First quarter that would have been really interesting. And so our research guys went out and found a benchmark that allows and is designed to capture the risk premium fond over the VIX structure. So we’re learning, we’re teaching our users how to use our contracts in different environment. So maturity hasn’t changed, and they are scared to talk about how the business development efforts, how are educational process and collaboration with SGX can continue telling our story globally and domestically.
Edward Tilly: Yes, I think I like to follow-up on part of the, in the answer I gave earlier is, we know and as far as maturity, we have much to do in short-term exposure and demands around volatility trading. VXX the most successful ETN, trades roughly 40% of its volume in non-standard expiry meaning short-term or Weeklys. We’ve just unveiled our first contract on the future side. I think there’s a great opportunity for us to educate and that to the need for short-term vol exposure when we launch October 8 Weekly contract. New users, new teaching opportunity for us enables to broaden the user base. And again continuing to expand on our extended trading hours were really early stages of VIX options in extended trading hours. So there’s plenty of opportunity there as well.
Edward Tilly: And Brian, the second part of the question I’ll start with, we have just two terrific partners with the Russell suite with FTSE now and with MSCI, and its two different stories. Obviously with the well established contract with the Russell, the story there in the opportunity is really our pledge to our partners that while making this exclusive April 1, the idea for CBOE and for LSE was not say, hey CBOE go see if you can capture that business that’s at another exchange and we’ll call it a day. It’s quite the opportunity. We have let and told the industry that we are the go to place for all things index trading. Russell is no different. With the concentrated liquidity pool, experts in trading and pricing cash settled index product, we’ve ended the debate I think with July at the most busy month of the year for Russell trading in whether or not multi-list has any impact on overall trading volumes. The concentration of liquidity and the specialist of liquidity pool being able to price index options is far more important than a multi-list argument. And so, our job now is a concentrated effort on new users for Russell, and that looking forward to launching the FTSE 100 options and other FTSE products later this year. So there is a terrific opportunity for us with a concentrated business development effort now and promoting the Russell at every one of CBOEs outward customer facing opportunities including RMC. MSCI a different story obviously. Very successful ETF contract. We’ve taken some steps to bolster what we’re offering on the cash settle product. We’ve added the front three months to better meet the institutional customer demands, but we’ve got more work to do on the MSCI than clearly we do on Russell. What both contracts share however is the same argument that we’ve made for years in existing spider or ETF users when they look and we tell them the benefits of trading the cash settled, large notional European style exercise contract. So we’ll be doing the same with MSCI, with the successful for example EEM, ETF and we’ll be doing the same with IWM users in Russell, the same story we’ve told with spider users and moving them to SPX. So there’s a great opportunity and that’s the business development effort with the FTSE, Russell and MSCI.
Edward Tilly: I might take the first look, new users are difficult. What we tend to see is how the contract is being users, and I think my VIX futures reference is pretty aligned with what we’ve said in the past that we attract users, new, existing, different utility when mark and the future side, when we see a range in that futures price. So again that moved to 12 to 18, not only attracts existing users and not only do those higher frequency traders trade more, other futures traders who are looking in the high frequency range, looking for a higher volatility futures contract that VIX story is very compelling. I was able to join our business development team in London just a couple of months ago. And when we mentioned VIX futures and we bring up VIX futures charts and we look at volume, that’s a really exciting story for those higher frequency future shops and we know that there’s a great opportunity going forward. As for the business development effort and the utility of VIX and VIX options I think I’ll let Ed, make a couple of comments on what we’re hearing from the option side.
Alan Dean: Thanks, Ed. Yes, as Ed mentioned and this was referred to in Ed’s preliminary remarks. We continue our vast educational efforts with respect to our proprietary products with heavy focus and both VIXs futures and VIX options. We will be engaged in Asia in two forms in this year both our new RMC in Hong Kong at the end of November and again the collaboration we have with SGX where there is a significant interest by investors in knowing and understanding how to use index options and volatility product. So we look forward to that. We will be in Geneva, Switzerland next month and we have seen every bit of strong interest by participants in learning about our products in particular. Don’t see again, just reflect what Ed said, any advancement in the life cycle of this product. We still see tremendous growth in front of it, and some of the lower volume that we saw earlier in the year really was market conditions driven and not a question of the growing maturity of the product.
Alan Dean: Yes, good question Alex. The line items that we impacted in our expense reductions when we reduced guidance and it included compensation of benefits. So we did things like incentive compensation that’s obvious, hiring freeze, over time that’s in comp and benefits and travel [ph] promotion we look at advertising, various business development projects, travel, also professional fees and outside services primarily contract services. All things that as I said in my prepared remarks, things that we could temporarily delay or reduce and then reinstate later as when volume comes back. So now that we’re seeing volume come back, it will be primarily compensation and benefits that will represent the increase the moving through that range in our guidance. And I think we’re pretty good at dialing back expenses when we need to in response to volume but we did it this year, we did it last year. So those options remain open to us if something bad happen on the revenue side where we had to respond, we would.
Alan Dean: Yes, Michael. We implemented a number of fee changes so far this year; the first set came in January 1. We did another -- few more changes on June 1 and they were all aimed at -- it had two objectives, showing up our multi-list market share and maximizing our revenue and it worked really well. We saw increasing as you said our increasing revenue per contract across the board when you compare year-over-year and sequentially in equity options we saw a nice increase there. And at the same time we most recently saw increasing multi list revenue really maximizing going to a level that we’re very pleased with and it’s driven by those gains and revenue per contract. The outlook, will it hold, will at RPC hold? In the short-term I’d say probably, yes. The question is for how long? I don’t expect competitors to react, they always have. And my long-term view really hasn’t changed. I expect a steady to slow decline of revenue per contract in the multi-list side, I expect it to level off, the decline in level off at some point. On the product side, I would expect steady pricing for options with some upside opportunity for futures. But we would always rather see increasing revenue come from expanding user base, therefore volume and not price. So we’re very tentative, deliberate what we do on our product pricing in terms of -- and how we approach our customers. So to sum up, changes that we made, we’re successful optimizing or maximizing our revenue on our multi-list side. We’re happy with our market share and on the product side, happy with the gains that we’ve seen there as well.
Alan Dean: Good question. No, my view hasn’t changed. In the past you’re right, I have said $40 million to $60 million and that most recently expanded, it maybe some $40 million to $70 million, just give myself a little wiggle room on that. The wondering thing about exchanges in CBOE in particular is we generate lots of cash month in, month out and -- so that’s why it doesn’t concern me to drop down to a level even $50 million or $60 million. So, we have no intentions of building our cash balances back up. Our policy, the board’s policy is the same now as it was last year and the year before which is we don’t want to hang on to shareholder money. First, we’re going to reinvest in our business to ensure our future growth. We want to regular increases with our dividends that match the growth in our business. You saw us do that again yesterday. And then we want to return any excess cash to shareholders, preferably through stock repurchases but we’re not ruling anything out. We could be special dividends we’ve done that in the past. It could be a variable dividend, we’ve never done that. But nothing is off the table, that’s my point. And the consistency is, don’t hang on to shareholder cash.
Alan Dean: Okay, I’ll tackle the other revenue question. Starting with the backend, no I don’t -- the increase of in other revenue for the quarter is an aberration, it was fine, it was significant fine. And so the run rate you have to factor out that that increase quarter-over-quarter to come to our annual run rate. Now where are the expenses for that? They’re in the $190 million to $194 million that I’m guiding you to on core expenses, they’re in there. Now are they all there this quarter? No, some of them happened in the first quarter, second quarter. Some will happen third quarter, fourth quarter. It’s in the $190 million to $194 million. Sometimes the revenue as it was this quarter related to our regulatory responsibilities is a bit choppy, we saw that this quarter, and while the expenses are much more predictable. And so the -- when we said, when I said in my prepared remarks and I think was might have been even in the press release that this revenue can only be used to offset regulatory expenses. That’s true but it may -- it may not happen -- it didn’t happen this quarter, some of it happened last quarter and some of it will happen next quarter. So, I’m sorry for the confusion if that wasn’t clear on what I said.
Alan Dean: So I’ll be even more granular. We have a regulatory process, surveillance market, regulation and financial compliance, all the things that we are charged to do as an SRO we do, and the expense related to that -- its rather predictable and it happens at a regular level, month in, month out. We offset those expenses with regulatory revenue, we see regulatory fees. We have that line item there, and combined with fines. So, the fines we can't use to underwrite some other part of our business, that the SEC doesn’t want us to do that, so we don’t. So, I can't say of the $3.8 million increase quarter-over-quarter while a $1 million of expense happened in the quarter, that’s just not the case its -- the regulatory function is a continuous process.
