Alan Dean: Yeah, hi, Rich. This is, Alan, yeah, there are so many moving parts that you have to look at doing that analysis such as product mix, pricing changes made during the quarter, changes unusual behavior as well as market conditions. You just can’t look at transaction fees as you alluded to, you have to look at the entire picture including market data fees, which are significantly up this quarter, trading volume incentive expenses, which as you saw are down, because of the changes we made during the quarter, and those changes were made possible by the increased market share coming from VIP. Demand from trading permit holders continues to stay strong and I believe that VIP was somewhat responsible for that. Exchange services and other fees another line item that was up significantly this quarter, turned out to be really good, better than the guidance that we provided. And again I believe that VIP was helpful in allowing us to maintain the demand in that revenue line item. And finally, the additional market share certainly added to our liquidity enhancing the quality of our markets, which helps a lot of things. So overall I feel that CBOE financially benefited from VIP and increase in the market share that resulted.
Alan Dean: This is Alan; we did make some changes, even recently, effective today that we made another change in the VIP program. I think you should look at our revenue per contract similar to the way I tried to frame it, after our fourth quarter earnings call, which is that – more market share would probably result in a declining RPC for equity options and maybe ETF options, which is a good thing because you see so many other line items are positively affected by that. And if you saw market share hold steady then I think it would be reasonable to assume that RPC also would hold steady and the (inaudible) classes specifically equity options and ETF options.
Alan Dean: Yes, Alan Dean again. Let me first remind you that since our IPO barely two years ago and this was in my prepared remarks. We have returned over $565 million to our shareholders to stack repurchases, buybacks, dividends. And our policy hasn’t changed the policy of the board. First we look to reinvest in our business and after that we’ll look to return all excess capital to our shareholders to enhance the long-term return in the value of their holdings in CBOE. Now as far as our current stock repurchase program all I can say at this point is that we intend to continue, complete the problem and just as we were before, we intend to be opportunistic on how we do that.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Alan Dean: Alan Dean again, if you take our core expenses for the quarter and multiple then by them by four certainly, we are under our – the annual guidance that we gave you. However, if you take the same core operating expenses for the quarter and compare them to the core expenses for the first quarter of last year, they are actually up 3%, which is a lot closer in line with the guidance that we gave to you three months ago, which is an increase of 4% to 7% over the last year. And also, I do expect some expenses to ramp up as we go through the year. So consequently, we’re maintaining in our expense guidance of $173 million to $178 million for 2012 and that does represent a 47% increase over 2011, which all by itself was kind of depressed because we did – we were tight with our expense recall, expense control last year.
Alan Dean: Alan Dean again. The cost of CBOE command, mostly the move out to the East Coast and the functionality changes like CFLEX 2.0, they are all included within the guidance that we gave you both CapEx and our core operating expenses. We are breaking them of any further than that at this point in time. The co-location revenue that is in that line item exchange services and other fees and co-location is one of the items that one of the fee increases that we put in at the beginning of this year and has included in that line item and partially accounts for the increase in that revenue. So beyond what we’ve already done, I don’t think I could count on anymore incremental revenue from co-location because of CBOE command, the changes that we’re making to the functionality or to move out to the East Coast.
Alan Dean: We have seen some pullback early on, if sometimes the reaction is not immediate and it is in pulling lines, it could be something as simple as reducing their logins that you have with the CBOE command or trade engine. So, it’s a fairly easy thing to do, but you don’t want to do it in an environment where volume or market share is growing and volume is there. And so, I really do believe that VIP and the increase in the market share helped mitigate the lost of the bleeding (inaudible).
Alan Dean: At this point in time, no, I don’t see a line of people looking to get out or dramatically change what they are doing, but even one or two large users making a large move could dramatically impact this line items. And so it wouldn’t be prudent for me to count on that revenue for the remainder of the year given that we are still so early in the year.
Alan Dean: Well, the – let me go back to the analysis that I cannot – that I laid out and when I answered the question before. If you compare the first quarter core operating expenses of 2012, compared to the first quarter of 2011, we are up 3%. And I expect that our expenses will grow during the year even if we don’t complete our move out to the East Coast. Even if we don’t continue to enhance CBOE Command, and when you add all those things into the natural growth rate of expenses, that’s why I believe that to expect an increase in expenses of 4% in 2012 at a minimum of over 2011 is a reasonable thing to expect.
Alan Dean: That’s okay Gaston. What I said is that, the expenses related to CFLEX related to moving out to the East Coast any other functional enhancements that we make to our trade engine CBOE Command related to regulatory enhancements, that’s all included in our guidance and not incremental and that’s why we see the year right now. And we are being specific about what each of those items costs.
Alan Dean: Just remember that the SPX is 10 times the size of the spider and I looked at the open interest from April to – from March to April. And the decline overall in SPY and open interest with dramatically greater than the decline in SPX, I think it was 4% decline in open interest in SPX versus 16% decline in SPY. So these are numbers that we watched very carefully and I just think that you got to look at them and try to make your own analysis.
Alan Dean: Just to add one more point to add in Ed’s comments and I think Bill touched on it, in his opening comments. One of the things we’ve been very encouraged is the steady growth in open interest and at expiration in both March and April it did exceed a hundred thousand contracts again those are adjusted equal to a million spider contracts and we are optimistic if trend is going to continue along with average daily volume. So again we couldn’t be more optimistic, but it is a long term process and much away we thought it would play out.
William Brodsky: (inaudible) what Alan saying, this Bill Brodsky, this initiative gives us additional flexibility, it does reduce the latency and it gives us tremendous advantages in terms of anything that relate to over-the-counter initiative. So it really is following through on initiatives that we had established, but the CFLEX 2.0 is something that we believe is quite significant.
William Brodsky: This Will Brodsky. I think what’s before I can hear is that, the index that you’ve talked about really related to the use of leverage on the ETF. And I think what – the most important area is customer education, and the unique feature of leverage products, but from what we can see it appears the issuer who had the problem has addressed it, and it was a unique situation and didn’t have any connection to any of the other 45 ETPs that are currently tied to our VIX.
William Brodsky: This is Will Brodsky. I will take the first crack at this. We operate in my view in the most competitive segments of exchange markets in the United States. And as a result, it is very dynamic and it is a day by day competition, so we monitor this daily and we will continue to do it. And it is the way we are operating and happily I think we’ve done pretty as well.
William Brodsky: One of things, this is Bill again and one of things I said earlier is that there continues to growth in not only in the products, but the assets under management in these exchange traded products. And there is no doubt that as more assets are deployed in to different products, there is a clear correlation between the amount of products, the assets under management and the volume that we are seeing particularly in the VIX futures. It is just a natural thing, they’re going to balance off every day and we look that as very constructive. But I just go back to what I’ve said earlier and that is that there are unique features to leverage products that need not to be related to VIX there are other leveraged exchange traded products out there I think what is very important is that people need to understand about the suitability issue and they’re not designed for buy and hold investors, these are unique tactical instruments.
William Brodsky: Well, certainly we are not commenting on conversations with regulators, but I’m quite frankly, I look at the whole regulatory matters an opportunity to just to take a fresh look at things. As I said in my prepared remarks, we’ve gone through dramatic changes in our whole operations in the last three to five years. And this is an opportunity to take a fresh look in the environment we are in and just do things that we think are right to do. But as Alan said, we think we can do this within the contract that the expense guidance in given.
William Brodsky: Yeah. Well, I’m not sure I either understand or agree with your permits. The market will choose products based on what’s going on when markets are not as volatile, they go to indexes when it’s more volatile, they may go to individual stocks. But that certainly now – what we’re seeing now, I mean you look at our VIX product lines and there is dramatic growth there, which have nothing to do with what’s going on in IWM or other things. And the other thing that we’re seeing is the increased growth in our XPS line which is really attributable to whole variety of things the weeklies the fact that as VIX grows there is more volume in SPX. And this is a whole host of things that are different and as more business is done by institutions we’re going to see more business in SPX. So I think these are kind of very unique products that are not necessarily related to what I’ll call broader customer interest in traditional ETFs or individual equity options.
William Brodsky: And let me add a little bit further, Roger, just to clarify, Ed hired that additional person not specifically for SPXpm, we are selling the complex and pushing our institutions into SPX whether it’s the traditional four base the weekly contracts that has enjoyed terrific growth with the PM. So we are, as far as to say we can go as far say we are agnostic as to what our institutional users pick up from that sales effort and we are just trying to drive everything back into their propitiatory complex.
William Brodsky: Yeah, it just tracking just a fair below the low side of our guidance. And we haven’t seen any declines in demand and we feel like that the guidance that we gave you is still important still relevant and appropriate. So we are maintaining that for the rest of the year.
