Alan Dean: Good question, I'm glad you asked it. I appreciate the opportunity to update my thinking on cash and leverage. So it really hasn't changed even with the bolt ons that we’ve been acquiring over the last couple of years or so. $50 million to $70 million of cash I think is more than adequate to run our business especially with no leverage, no debt on our balance sheet which then if we needed to, we could go out and borrow money pretty quickly. Regarding taking on debt on our balance sheet, it's a subject that our Board takes up every quarter one we discuss capital allocation and so far our position hasn't changed. We like the flexibility that no leverage, no debt gives us on our balance sheet and so as of today no change in that position either.
Alan Dean: Let me just add, Alex, that one of the things we continue to see in our [indiscernible] product and particularly as a growing use of the product by retail clients. Some of the retail firms are among the largest providers of order player and particularly in the weekly whereas as we had many years ago a product that was absolutely exclusively institutional, we have a very, very rich mix of both retail and institutional. We see that trend continuing.
Alan Dean: Kyle, I view this as market data that we're purchasing through a discount on our transaction fees. I think it has a value to us, but the good thing is we absolutely control the amount of discount that we give to customers through the acquisition of this market data information. So, no I don't expect that the discount will be material to our capture and our revenue per contract capture and I would think that in total it would be consistent with what you would expect with any company who might purchase market data information about their customers.
Alan Dean: Yes, Chris, our outlook on pricing and the multi-risk category really hasn't changed and so notwithstanding this acquisition of NASDAQ by NASDAQ of ISE, I don't think anything has changed in price. This is a very competitive space with 14 exchanges all trading the same products. We here at CBOE, we want every options contract to come here. We are committed to a market leading position in the category. Ed Provost mentioned before about how the market share in multi-list category supports other revenue line items in our P&L. I don't think this acquisition at all changes the landscape. As a matter of fact, it's possible if I were to buy something, I feel some pressure to make sure I show the results from that investment and so lowering pricing wouldn't be the way to do that. I understand that maybe NASDAQ might have said they're more efficient now and it will be interesting to see what happens. I don't expect anything earth shaking, anything new coming out of this acquisition. The good news is Ross, that now 85% of our transaction fees, over 85% emanates from our propriety and not this multi-list category. So I don't see anything new coming out from this acquisition.
Alan Dean: Yes. Well first of all, any revenue that we collect either in fines or in the regulatory revenue category has to goes to support our regulatory efforts. So it can't be used for anything else. We can't make a profit off of those two revenue sources. Now, it's sort to governing, if we thought fines was going to have a fantastic year, we would lower regulatory revenue in concert with that and vice versa. Fine revenue was extremely difficult to predict and year-over-year our other revenue was down $1.7 million and that was $2 million was fines year over year and we had an increase in licensing fees to go along with that that offset some of that decrease. I think the experience that we saw in fines in the first quarter was extraordinary. I wouldn't expect that to continue the rest of the year and I would say that overtime I would think that we will be closer to -- it will be higher on average.
Alan Dean: We take a longer view of the fine revenue, regulatory revenue rather than a month by month adjustment, it's a multi-quarter, even an annual look back to make sure that the revenue that we collect from regulatory sources is adequate given our expenses.
Alan Dean: So if total regulatory revenue goes down in 2016, that would indicate that our regulatory expenses are down.
Alan Dean: Yes, I do. Glad you asked. Our revenue per contract was $1.64 and that was kind of over the map. It was $1.58 in January, $1.63 in February and $1.73 in March. It was low in January. We had the volume. The participation of volatility was a great market for high frequency traders for people coming and trading the market and providing helping to provide markets for that product. So I think that it was extraordinarily low in January and helped bring down the revenue per contract for the quarter at $1.64. So I would guess, again, it depends on volume and market conditions, but I would think that revenue per contract for the futures category would increase for the remainder of the year.
Alan Dean: Yes. There continues to be flex in the expense category and we have a track record of reducing expenses if we see sustained low volume and revenue here at CBOE. But we don't see that right now. We're coming off a fantastic first quarter. April volumes started out kind of slow but it's picking up now and so, no, we're sticking to our guidance and core expenses we expect expenses to pick up a bit later in the year. So no alarm bells going off here as a matter of fact, quite the opposite. We feel good about the quarter and the year as it looks right now.
Ed Tilly: Sure. Alex. We’re very mindful of the cost between the two complexes and whether or not they can be substitute products and as we have always said from a retail perspective one of the substitutes that certainly comes to mind is the most active ETF trade in the industry, so we’re always mindful of the cost advantages or disadvantages offered at CBOE. I think it's important to point out though in the first quarter, where our index complex, I will throw big speeches in there just for fun. It's growing 28% year growing compared to the industry singlest volume growing 3%. So this is a very important growth area for us. We have seen incredible uptake on the product extensions, the most recent and the ones weekly -- really only about a month and a half to two months of training, big uptake, a lot of activity. It really led us to the announcement this morning of launching subject to SEC approval, Monday Weekly, so we’re out there offering answering the demand from our customer side and really don’t see a sustained share loss or drain to the CME, but rather really accommodating much more demand in fine tuning expiration in the listed arena here at CBOE.
Ed Tilly: And also I think it's important, Alex, to look at the similarly the way that we look at the ETN growth in volatility trading. So look at the CME growth in options on futures as complementary. If the entire complex of the S&P 500, if that exposure there is more demand globally, that's a good thing for CBOE. So encouraged by any growth we see in the 500, not a new contract in the industry but one that continues to grow year over year when compared to the competitive space that CBOE is in, as well.
Ed Tilly: Yes. We have heard there's another volatility contract out there but the contract specs are out. So we really don't know what that contract is going to look like. So until there's specs out, it's kind of difficult to comment on. This is not the first challenge to the volatility franchise. I think [indiscernible] here in Chicago has a contract a couple years ago, IFC [ph] announced a volatile contract probably about a year ago. Nothing really in the market and again without the specs for this new contract, I'm not quite sure what to make of it but that said, we have benefitted from the growth of any listed volatility contract in ultimately where the liquidity is in our VIX futures and options. So likely if there's any success on any new contract, whether it's the one you're referring to or one of the others, the traders will have to go little liquidity that is our VIX futures and options. So we'll look to see what the specs look like and kind of make our moves from there.
Ed Tilly: The hedging activity off ETNs tends to fluctuate with redemption in the ETN or the ETFs. So what we have noticed as you know volatility change and the perception of risks change, so then does the volume in ETNs and ETFs. I will point out that the assets are growing in the ETN and ETFs so the assets that are captured in those specific ETNs and ETFs are growing and as a result, those tend to be longer, positions that are held longer in the futures some of the options as opposed to like a day trader that you will see in a VIX futures contract as [indiscernible] increases we see a lot of day trader activity. So that’s carrying the futures along nicely and then the change in in perception of risk over the long term changes the assets under management and ETNs and ETFs which tend to be longer hold positions in both the futures and the options.
Ed Tilly: I will let Alan tackle what we think will happen in pricing and really from CBOE's perspective, the value propositions here doesn't change at all. We’ve been completion with each of those medallions, whether they're owned, not part of NASDAQ or NASDAR with their existing medallions we compete with them head-to-head every day, that is a very much fee game and fee competition. But it doesn't change the CBOE value proposition. With 99% of the market share in broad based indexes the efficiency and scale at CBOE doesn't change just because ISE is part of NASDAQ. So from the day to day multi-list space it's still going to be head-to-head in fee game, Alan can speak to that ,but in the overall look at CBOE, the way you look, CBOE where our end users looks at CBOE that deep pool of liquidity in the index complex doesn't change just because ISE now is part of NASDAQ but to the potential fee compression as a result I'm sure Alan has some words.
Ed Tilly: Well, we're not a price leader, we're a price follower and with the objective of maintaining a market-leading share or near market leading share in the multi-list category. RPC is all over the map on exchanges. Some I have seen some numbers as low as $0.03 per contract and some past tense -- upwards of $0.10 or more cents per contract. And so I expect RPC to continue its load decline going down. I think it will level off somewhere. At some point exchanges will say, they'll need a certain level of revenue to support the costs associated with this business. Is it, $0.04, $0.05 per contract? $0.03, $0.06 somewhere in that range I would expect.
Ed Tilly: Index options, we averaged $0.72 per contract traded for the first quarter. And looking at it by months, it was relatively consistent. It was $0.73, a little over $0.73 in January, $0.72 in February and a little above $0.70 in March. And it is very difficult to predict, but as a rule of thumb, the big volume amounts you should expect a lower RPC. Now, going forward, I think to use $0.72 what we reported in the first quarter is a pretty - you'll be pretty close in your model for the rest of the year at $0.72. I of course monitor the information that we disseminate about pricing on a monthly basis. They are rolling free month average and that should help guide you. But, no, I don't see any major moves in pricing in index RPC.
