Fred Tomczyk: In closing, I would like to thank our team for the continued progress made throughout the first quarter. 2024 is off to a strong start and we believe we are well positioned for another strong year.
Fred Tomczyk: Just to add something to Dave's comments is, I think the comment we made before that we do see option trading revenue much more recurring than equity trading revenue. And the reason is, as Dave said, it's because they expire. You have to reput your position on. So to me, that applies to the whole option revenue stream, not just to 0DTE.
Fred Tomczyk: Well, I, mean I think you're going to look at the same things that you've always looked at which is our revenue growth. And we're clearly sending the message about our view on our derivatives franchise and the globalization of that and that gives us lots of opportunities. And we continue to see lots of opportunities on the D&A side. And so those are the 2 growth platforms for Cboe. The equities markets, we continue to like that business. It has good margins, kicks off lots of free cash flow but it's harder to grow than the other 2 franchises. So we're focused on growing all 3 but mainly the top 2. We're going to have a more disciplined expense management process. And if you went back over the last couple of years, you would have seen us doing lots of, what I'll call smaller M&A that consumes resources. So resources inside the organization are now more focused on delivering organic growth initiatives that are integrating acquisitions that we've been doing in the last couple of years. And then, of course, not only the resources internally but then it frees up capital. Our balance sheet is in very good shape now. We're kicking off lots of free cash flow so we can do -- return capital to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. So while we've had a nice win from 0DTE, we continue to see growth as we built this global footprint. And I think we've got a lot of, what I call, land and expand. We've got lots of opportunities to sell what we've got in different markets around the world. And then we're doing quite well in the markets that we entered, our market share. If you look at Japan, Australia, Canada, once they get on our technology, our market share seems to expand. So we're feeling good about that. So we have lots of things that we're looking forward to. Do we have another 0DTE up our sleeve? We might like to think we do but I'm not sure we do. But that franchise and the SPX complex, just the way we look at it is it has high demand around the world, not just in the U.S. capital and liquidity continues to flow in the U.S. And a lot of times, people that want to invest and trade in the U.S. are looking to the SPX complex.
Fred Tomczyk: Okay. And then back to your first question, Alex, so I'd say in terms of the strategic review, we're in, I call the heart of the process now. We've done with all of our analysis of the trends we see in the markets around the world. We're taking a look at our SWOT analysis, our competitors and where we have strengths on a relative basis. And so we're now starting to really get down focused, okay. So now that we know all that. We've taken an outside-in view of Cboe and the market in case of what we do now. So we're getting right into the heart of the discussion and the management team. But we still have to debate that out and conclude on areas where we want to focus our time and attention. And then we have to review with the Board, obviously which will -- the first round will be in the summer but there'll probably be a second round in October because there'll be some questions. And I'll -- as I said the last time, we'll probably be in a position to talk about further later this year. I just want to remind everybody that the strategy review is all about finding which areas that we want to focus our resources on to drive revenue and earnings growth which over the longer term drive shareholder value. That, combined with a disciplined capital allocation strategy, should deliver good value for our shareholders. As I said, in an exchange like ours, you have high margins, it's a capital-light business model. And it's all about how you allocate your resources, particularly technology and capital, to drive value for the shareholders over the longer term.
Fred Tomczyk: And maybe I'll just add a few comments here, why we moved on with digital strategy at this time. So first off, it wasn't lost on us that we were losing money on this. So it creates a greater sense of urgency to come to a strategic conclusion. We also realize that we do not have regulatory clarity in the spot and cash spot market. And we do not see when we're going to have regulatory clarity. And so when we went into all this, we wanted to build a trusted, liquid, efficient market. Everybody wants that. But if you don't have regulatory clarity, it's very hard to do that because you can't bring all of various participants into the market. So as Dave said, we've gone to where our strengths are and we have gone to where we have regulatory clarity. And basically, we see that as the best opportunity for us going forward.
Fred Tomczyk: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for your questions today and thanks for calling in. We're off to a great start to 2024. And we look to continue the momentum for the rest of the year.
Jill Griebenow: Sure. You bet. Thank you for the question, Patrick. So if you saw, obviously, first quarter, very strong net revenue results coming in 7% higher than first quarter 2023, really fueled by the derivatives markets business, as well as D&A, very strong contribution there. So that, coupled with, again, the very strong April we saw just -- again, gave us confidence in guiding to the higher end of that 5% to 7% range. We'll obviously keep an eye on this and get another quarter of results under our belt and come back to the group in early August with refined projections. But feel good at the moment with that 5% to 7%, that higher end there.
Jill Griebenow: You bet. So the $11 million to $15 million in contemplated savings on an annualized basis is really the expense portion. So not expecting anything material from a revenue impact perspective in 2024, very consistent with what we messaged last week.
Jill Griebenow: You bet. So really in a very comfortable position from a balance sheet perspective. Paid off the last of our floating rate debt in the fourth quarter of 2023. Leverage ratio down to 1.1x here at the end of the first quarter. So the first quarter, as we've always -- or historically mentioned is -- has typically been heavier in share repurchases. So again, the first quarter this year was heavy and then also tacked on with that were some opportunistic share repurchases. So we generate a lot of free cash flow. We deploy the capital via various bells. So had a history of paying a quarterly dividend. In the past, we've increased that in the third quarter. We'll take a look at that again this year. And then again, any time we sense perceived weakness in the share price, we'll get behind it and back it for a repurchase perspective, especially given the comfortable balance sheet perspective we're in right now. So that's why you're seeing an elevated level. We stand behind the stock. We have the free cash flow there to back it. We're also mindful of organic growth initiatives. We want to keep a bit of dry powder to invest in the business to drive that long-term growth. So it's really a balance between those areas.
David Howson: And just, Patrick -- a little bit more -- I'm sure we'll talk a bit more about it in the call but we -- if you look at Q1 versus Q2, different volatility environments there and the complex continues to perform well through both of those. And then as we take that forward look through into the rest of the year, you can see a number of potential drivers; whether that be the geopolitical tensions, inflation, interest rates, and of course, the U.S. elections. So plenty of activity really in front of us there when we think about how customers are using the diverse ecosystem that we have in Cboe.
David Howson: Yes. Alex, thanks for the question. We remain confident in the 7% to 10% guide, and particularly as we had in the call notes [ph], the growth year-over-year in all asset classes in all regions that we saw throughout the quarter, solid growth from 57% from new subscriptions and new units. And then also encouragingly, 43% of the growth -- the market data and access services was from outside of the Americas; that's a record growth percentage was outside of the Americas. Continued strong engagement there with 79% of customers for the cloud from outside of the Americas as well. And so as we think through the rest of the year -- and as you say, Q2 last year was elevated versus Q1 in terms of growth somewhat but then continued throughout the year of last year. But when we think about this year, more data on net. We've got Cboe Australia with re-platformed just over a year ago resulting in 15% year-over-year growth from Cboe Australia D&A there. We've got more products to package and bundle from those 27 markets in different ways and be able to deliver them to our customers where they're at over the cloud. And then finally, it's an exciting year for Cboe as we've been able to turn attention towards technology enhancements in the core platform. And the access layer improvements that we're bringing to market this year and into next year, we think will represent incremental value that customers are willing to pay for, and should also enhance our competitive position within those venues themselves, in particular, in the U.S. options and equities landscape. So overall, confident with the 7% to 10% guide where we stand today but of course, we'll update you next quarter as well.
David Howson: Great. Thanks very much for the question. You're right, 48% of SPX was 0DTE in Q1 and April was 50%. We see those variations as we go through the months, depending on what's actually happening in the environment there. But we think about the breakdown that we normally give you of retail to non-retail and where non-retail does include professional retail, we saw a continued increase year-over-year, whereas now just under 1/3 is retail and just over 2/3 is non-retail as versus round about 59% of non-retail in Q1 of last year. So what we see there is more funds, more strategies, more PMs coming to the marketplace, and more systematic strategies coming towards the shorter end of the curve. And as we think about it now, we're eclipsing second anniversary of adding the Tuesday and Thursday expirations and there is a tremendous amount of data now, and that data is used by institutional and systematic funds in order to be able to train models. And we're seeing some of the outcome of that in the complex as we go forward. And the interesting point as we grew 3% of 0DTE versus Q4 and Q1 is that that was across volatility ratings and market cycle; so it grew in a lower volatility environment in Q1. So as we look forward, we continue to see a shorter-term risk management strategies. People have been deploying less sensitive to the broader macro trends.
David Howson: So what we've got is in terms of the mechanics of options that we've talked about before is the fact that options do expire. So any position or exposure or view that you've expressed in the market needs to be refreshed at the expiry of that option. And indeed, also, if you put on a spread in the market, you may need to manage that position as the regime or pricing or your view changes over time. So those 2 factors really do result in a much higher engagement rate from customers as they utilize options to manage risk, to generate income, to take views, or to deploy systematic strategies. And as I mentioned just now, you see a lot of funds and bank QIS deploying strategies that have a much shorter-dated view coming forward in the curve from, say, 2-week to 6-week strategy to 0-day to a 5-day or 6-day strategy that they can deploy and redeploy. So you can see there that timing of the frequency of deploying those strategies really creating a more durable engagement in the platform. And then as you see volatility coming through, we've seen higher-volume days, interestingly, on volume of days in recent months. And so we don't just require volatility in the market itself to get activity in the platform. And we've seen diverse use being expressed in this year as we've gone from Q1 throughout into Q2.
David Howson: Yes. Absolutely. The 43% growth rate from outside the Americas, that is certainly a good lead indicator as we see that grow quarter-over-quarter. A example for us where we have customers around the world taking one data set being drawn in by, for example, the access to the U.S. equity market data as, let's say, a CFD provider out in Australia. But once you're in, you've got a common platform, you've got the API access, you can then find a myriad of other data puts that you can find useful to yourself and your user base. And we do see users taking one data item from us from the cloud and then expanding laterally across interest across those 27 markets. And then we think about access to the derivatives complex, we've seen some really good onboarding this year from retail brokers out in the Asia Pacific region. So really encouraging that in order to onboard for the platform, you need access to data. And then when you get access to the platform, what we're seeing there is a really good beachhead for activity in the SEF, Southeast Asia Pacific region, bringing activity back into the U.S. core complex. So in summary there, we see -- we do see people taking data units from us on the cloud and then expanding laterally in that. And the benefits of having that single technology platform and that single consistent access point are really bringing great utility for our customers as they don't have to deploy technology resources for multiple APIs and multiple data sets. They can easily take new data sets that interest them with a very low to no incremental technology effort to do that.
David Howson: Absolutely. And we certainly take a one-firm approach to our sales here at Cboe, where we're training all of our salespeople globally on all of the data and assets that we have within Cboe. So if you're in Australia, you know to talk about the risk market and analytics options capability that we've got that we can bring to the market, our index, our derivative index capability but also the raw data from those 27 markets and those incremental insights that we're able to produce on top of that body of data.
David Howson: Certainly for us, the growth in the short term, the medium term continues to be, as Fred said, sell what we've got, we see a great runway for selling the data products that we have internationally in particular. And then the second and third sleeve of the D&A business outside of the data and access is the index business. It's a smaller portion of the overall but it's growing at a very good rate with our specialization in derivative index strategy -- derivative strategy benchmarks and bringing those to the marketplace. We've got what we think in the risk market analytics sleeve the world as global options analytics capabilities which we find greater adoption internationally for those there as well. And then when we think back to the core and basic, the access to our market continues to be high in demand and only going in one way, one direction seemingly, in particular as we broaden out that access globally. As Chris mentioned, 2% to 3% of SPX options trade in those global trading hours. We see a solid runway to be able to expand access during those time zones and during those parts of the trading day there. So we see good ability to push out new data there. And then when we think about new data products, it's really about packaging and bundling what we have. The great example from the 0DTE inception was the uptake of the open and closed dates which shows positions opening and closing throughout the day in the SPX options contract. That was a particularly insightful pivot on the data which we were able to provide to customers from the existing activity in the franchise. And as the franchise grows and that liquidity ecosystem grows, the demand for data and the opportunity to create innovative insights and products on that data really comes into its own. And of course, we'll be thinking about new technologies that we can deploy to help us generate those insights on a go-forward basis.
David Howson: Thanks very much, Kyle. You rightly pointed out the record month in March for index derivatives and Q1 being up 30% year-over-year. We did revamp the liquidity provider program starting in Q2 to really refine those and focus on the type of liquidity, the concentration that we are looking for. That, along with the extension of the number of single-stock options coverage in Q1, we now cover over 90% of OI and ADV and -- on the European landscape. So what it gives is a full unit of offering now with single-stock options and futures and options on our index products. We've got more market makers coming on board as we go through the rest of the year and we're eagerly anticipating the knowledge of a major global retail brokerage platform in the coming months. All that will then begin to form the core liquidity ecosystem that we'll be able to build on, produce more sales and marketing efforts in conjunction with our customers and talk to those retail brokers that are looking to expand internationally as well as those funds that are looking to deploy capital into Europe. And so what we'll do throughout the rest of the year is monitor those volumes and that activity in the platform progresses. And as you speak to profitability and revenues in search is worth reflecting on the fact that this is all built on top of a scaled infrastructure, the scale of infrastructure in Europe that lies on top of the largest pan-European equities exchange which is profitable, the largest cash equity clearinghouse as well. So we've got scale. So the incremental investment here for us is relatively small and affords us the opportunity to be patient and continue to work with our customers to onboard to what is brand new exchange product set and clearinghouse which does take time. So it will be a journey. So we'll be continuing to review that as we go throughout this year and into next and keep you updated with that.
David Howson: I'm sorry, could you repeat the second half of that question, please? We've got the competitive element for the first half. The second half, we -- the line broke a little.
David Howson: Great. Thanks for the clarification there. So when we looked at the overall landscape here is we took into account our own assets, capabilities and strengths here at Cboe. And we looked at where we saw the greatest opportunity set which was in the correct term derivative space. And so once again, we look to lean on our scaled infrastructure and the existing global resources. What we think makes this move attractive for us is that we get to bring those crypto digital futures onto a single venue, a single venue with an existing broad distribution and customer base. It gets brought onto a single technology stack which runs all of our global equities, futures and options market, a familiar set of functionality which leapfrogs the functionality we have today on Cboe Digital Exchange to add a range of versatile functionality that futures customers want. We also get a clearinghouse that clears these products and potential other new product innovations in the crypto derivatives space which then allows us to define our own destiny. It allows us to have autonomy around that product duration and that timeline to market. And then as a global derivatives team, have scale and expertise around the world for derivatives but also that scale and expertise around the world for clearing to broad to bear in unison onto the digital asset space. So we think derivatives is where it's at for us. We think we're good at that. We've got the technology and the people to be able to give us an edge and create an alternative liquidity pool for people to express and manage exposure to crypto assets at Cboe.
David Howson: So for us today, we have 2 iBoxx futures contracts and we have options on those futures contracts as well available to customers. For us, having a futures product is particularly useful for those fixed income funds who can't trade securities and sort of the ETFs are locked off to them. So having the ability to manage and hedge exposure is particularly useful there but also for international customers to get those -- that access to an aligned future which align deeply -- which tracks very closely to the 2 key benchmarks here, the LQD and HYG, ETFs. So the underlying -- to allow access and exposure there to manage those exposures is particularly used for the international aspect also comes into play as a future to be able to access that from international participants as well. So for us, it's the, first, into credit as we go through that alignment to the core underlying exposure is the key differentiator to Cboe's credit offering because it does align the HYG and LQD products very, very closely and a touch of exposure there.
