Alan J. Dean: I'd be glad to, Rich. But before I get to that, what I said in my prepared remarks, we believe, which is that, if -- we believe -- if we didn't match our competitor on that VIP pricing schedule, we saw market share eroding further. And we were already -- forget what I said, 15% or 16% in January, and that was heading down. That was just not acceptable. Options is in the name of our exchange, and so it's very important to us to remain the leader in all categories. Now the revenue items that are important to us are market data fees, you know that. That's driven by market share. And although the money is significant, it can't offset the loss in RPC. But that is an important factor. There's also exchange services and other fees that's how participants get to CBOE and the other services that they receive from us. So if we didn't have the market share to justify those fees, I would expect price pressure or even a decline in the utilization of those services. But most important is the access fees -- the number this year -- is going to be $60 million to $65 million, something like that. A big of chunk of that is SPX and VIX. But still a big significant part of that annual number is from the multi-list category. And as soon as we saw market share starting to erode, we saw pressure on those fees. And no other exchange has the kind of access fees that we have. We are over market in that category. There's no doubt about it. So that's the logic behind it, and that's why we did what we did. Now we always look for ways to increase RPC, even on a multi-list category, and we'll continue to do that as the year wears on. Maybe there's opportunities. The fee schedule is extremely complex. And all the exchanges look for advantages, and we'll look for ours in the short term and long term. I hope that does it for you, Rich.
Alan J. Dean: I'd be glad to, Howard. I did address it in my prepared remarks, and the point I wanted to get across is that it continues to be the intention of our board to, first, reinvest in our business to ensure our future growth, to pay regular dividends and to see that regular dividend grow as our business grows, and then to use excess cash for stock repurchases. And underlying those 3 things is -- and don't hold on to cash and earn an extremely low rate of return on that cash because that doesn't benefit our shareholders. So the board reviews this policy each quarter. And they did so again earlier this week, reaffirmed our strategy, our stock repurchase, funding the unused amount. And so what I can say right now is that we absolutely remain committed to our current capital allocation policy, and that includes our stock repurchase program. That's it.
Alan J. Dean: This is Alan, Ken. We often get the question when will VIX volume flatten out. And for us, an indicator would be a plateau in volume, and that hasn't happened. The growth rate is still there. Year-to-date volume is significantly over where it was 1 year ago. We think we have a lot of potential to grow VIX, not only in the U.S., but in Europe. And so we think there's more runway in front of us in both the options and the futures for VIX.
Alan J. Dean: Yes, good question, Niamh. Yes, so we -- I said in my prepared remarks that we expect the tax rate to be at the lower end of our guidance for the year. So that would imply a higher tax rate later on. We had some special credits and deductions in the first half of the year that allowed us to realize a lower effective tax rate on the federal side. It wasn't state-driven. R&D credit is an example of what we saw earlier this year. So yes, we -- taxes are inherently difficult to predict with certainty, but that's the way we see it, lower end of our guidance. Those tax credits, the deductions that we realized in the first half of the year were discrete. So...
Edward T. Tilly: Ken, it's a great question. I think we have seen historically different levels of open interest. We have different users coming in using the product differently. We've attracted, as we've said over the last couple of quarters, different users. The day user, if you will, the higher-frequency trader has a different approach and a different strategy. We certainly don't make any longer-term predictions on a short change or short-term change in open interest, just as we wouldn't make a long-term prediction on a blip in volatility causing some new open interest. So while we are very mindful of it and continue to watch it, I think we, like the Street, are just -- see this trajectory continuing with no sign of slowing at this point.
Edward T. Tilly: I think it's great. Let me start and I'll turn over to Ed Provost, who is really -- his team, concentrating on telling the story outside of the -- the domestic market. But just to give you some terms of what we see and the growth, I think to your point and the upside, I just point out that as of yesterday, the year-to-date volume in VIX futures surpassed all of 2012. So that is without a huge globalization effort and we have just kicked off the hub. We have not extended the trading hours that some time will begin in September, as I said in my prepared comments. So we really think that there's terrific upside still in bringing new domestic users to the product. And then as Ed I think will spend some time on, also VIX is the global benchmark for volatility. That said, we will aggressively market and launch interest rate vol among other volatility products, but let me ask Ed to give you a little bit more background in what we see rolling out VIX outside of the domestic market.
Edward T. Tilly: Thanks, Ed. I have one more item, Mike, that I'd like to touch on. With our recent relaunch of our Variance contract, it gives Ed's team in business development the opportunity to circle back on those new -- the original VIX users, the more recent VIX users, and offer them realized volatility. So it gets us back in front of our anchored tenants, if you will, allow us to tell a different story and really complete a volatility story by offering realized vol on the S&P 500. So it's really all coming together on timing for us.
Edward T. Tilly: So the first thing we see really is the exchange look-alike contract picking up interest. It's difficult to measure quite frankly what we don't know. So the increase in SPX volume would not be a stretch to think the most exchange look-alike OTC moving to list it. That makes perfect sense. But when you start talking about a swap market, our first attempt in moving what has been traded OTC swap is the Variance contract. So very, very recent launch. Some -- I think from our perspective, interesting trades being printed. But from our perspective, that's the first time that we've gone in and actively marketed to what is traditionally been an OTC swap trade, standardizing that for our CFE and seeing some futures prints based on that new methodology. So that's really going to be our focus. It is in the realized volatility space. And of course, as I started -- mindful of attracting exchange look-alike business to our listed markets, whether they're traditionally negotiated SPX or, as Ed points out, a point-and-click weekly, a point-and-click SPXpm or, of course, we have ultimately the ability to customize trades by using our all-electronic FLEX mechanism. So we're out there, but our first real push is in realized volatility and our variance relaunch.
Edward T. Tilly: Sure, Gaston. The main component of market data fees is the revenue that we receive from OPRA, the Options Price Reporting Authority. That's driven by transactional market share, and that's the main driver. But there's other components in there. We're always looking for information that we own, that we can sell ourselves, whether it has to do with VIX and our futures exchange or other data that we can create and sell. So -- and we've been seeing a lot of growth in the other category. OPRA does a great job in maintaining fees, remaining competitive and selling that product, that information around the world, and we'll always continue to rely on that. But I think the other component has had, I know the other components have had a better growth rate in the past 2 years than the market data revenue from OPRA. So I hope that helps, Gaston.
Edward T. Tilly: Okay, so trading. I'm sorry. My answer was really good just for the record. So trading volume incentives. That's the fees that we pay primarily to other exchanges and for routing when an option order and a multi-list option comes to CBOE. And we have to route it away because either we aren't the best market or we don't have the depth to satisfy the order. So we have to route it away, and we have to pay fees, not only route -- broker-dealer fees, but exchange fees to do that. And that item over time, that line item, has been going down as we have been billing more of that expense back to market participants over time; we felt that we could and still maintain our market share. So the trading volumes incentive used to be a lot larger a couple of years ago; it's down this year. We'll work to bring it down, but right now, I'm not anticipating any significant change going forward.
Edward T. Tilly: So the first phase, the runoff in the afternoon, there's been demand and it's primarily domestic demand. There are a lot of ETN users, there's a lot -- there's some imbalance at the end of the day. That's going to satisfy that first tranche. But that demand has been around for quite some time. When we look at the early -- extending to 2:00 a.m., I think what we're using to project is, as you may or may not know, we currently open 1.5 hours before the U.S. markets. So the extension going beyond to 2:00 a.m. is really to attract more of those users, and to give you a reference, that pre-open session currently runs between 5% and 7% of our average daily volume. It's been 5% to 7% of the entire runup in the terrific trajectory we've had, so we've maintained that interest. So it's that group that we're going after. We think also watching the success of the Globex pre-open sessions, it's that European user looking for exposure in the U.S. markets -- not just linear exposure, but really the global ability to hedge volatility. And it's that user we're going after. So that's the 2:00 a.m. answer.
Edward T. Tilly: They'll clear OCC, Rich. We'll trade them here, the futures on CFE. And if we're able to launch options, they'll be on CBOE, we hope, and they'll clear at OCC. And there's still -- we're always working with CFTC, SEC on the various futures versus securities designation for some of these options, but clearing OCC.
Edward T. Tilly: The education is key, as you know. We'll be actually trying to attract some new users, and if we get some volatility returning into that interest rate market, I think we'll be able to hit the street in a whole new way. Now that said, there are volatility traders who will be looking across asset class, as there are today. And we have emerging market volatility. We have S&P 500 volatility. We have metals volatility. So we are trying to build a base of pure volatility traders, but the first users will certainly be in the interest rate complex.
