Ed Tilly: It is tracking higher Rich and volume, as you pointed out in the quarter was traffic; index future. So couple of different -- kind of a two part observation and a two part answer, volume really continues to be driven in markets that we have seen in June and July by an elevated Livevol. So second quarter versus first quarter, each month has been a higher Livevol so a lot of the volume you see is really driven by our higher frequency traders trading an elevated Livevol level. As for open interest, as you know, the ETP, the Exchange Traded Notes, and ETS, that are tracking VIX, tend to hold those positions and then rebalance as the volatility levels move. So as AUM has been increasing -- we're at a recent high of about $5 billion in AUM that are in various notes, and sponsored notes, ETMs and ETFs. So that number causes the open interest in more of these just holding those positions in futures. But I will point out, you asked if it is the existing users, I'll interpret that as the existing notes, or is -- are there new entries? So two new entrants into the note space; one, out of Japan, Nomura sponsored NEXT notes launched in late 2015, that's the largest new user. And then Easy Tracker out of Europe, roughly the same timeframe, another new user. So long answer, new users coming in, existing users finding greater utility but also Rich, if you're going to look at that open interest, we'll have you start looking at the AUM and that we can track for you in various notes by sponsored exchange traded products.
Ed Tilly: Before we get into the specifics, let me kind of just set you up because the organic growth we've enjoyed for our 43 years here at CBOE will continue, that's our primary focus. The Bolton acquisitions that you're referring to, we are excited about. We think that -- or you've said that perfectly, we think these are years in the making and really promising to second leg to the growth story for CBOE and it certainly will be continue on. I'll ask John Deters who is here this morning to walk down a few of those for you, kind of give the highlights, the reason behind them and what we expect to see over the next months and then year or so. I don't think we will give you the five-year plan, but certainly we would like to tell you how things are going to date, what we expect to see. So I'll turn it over to John.
Ed Tilly: Andrew, thanks, good question. Before I turn over to Ed Provost, I'm kind of why didn't we speak in and how the office opened in London. I think it is important to stress the fact that what we did see in June and the continuation into July, just to remind everyone this was a non-U.S. event and the world looked to CBOE for hedging needs. And for us, most impressive for us and being able to deliver a liquid market to those looking for a hedge in the non-U.S. trading day. Setting a record in that 2 AM to 7 AM timeframe for VIX futures was so telling and really illustrates what we have been told all along and what we've been sharing with you is that this VIX contract is truly the global hedge for volatility, both during U.S. trading hours and non-U.S. trading hours. As for the opportunity and the business development prospects, I'll turn to Ed Provost.
Ed Tilly: I think there is a number of drivers and we certainly can't ignore the impact of adding listed extensions to SPX product line. If we look at just the regular Friday weekly, what an amazing story. Have Wednesday Weeklys trade and offering yet another point of precision on hedging and then pending regulatory approval, looking to a Monday exploration which allows sure over the weekend hedging is really has been pretty terrific for us. What we have found, and what we've been tracked is the sophisticated retail investor who may have been trading spiders, and maybe trading spiders in a big way. That has been really the growth in Weeklys and in particular, Wednesday Weeklys. So you are right, there has been terrific growth in outpacing the market. I think in my prepared remarks, if you recall, multi-listed options classes, industrywide up about 2% in our Index complex, up 20. We continue to tell the story. The utility of trading a large notional macro contract, all of the benefits of a macro market hedged with 60/40 tax treatment, a European exercise. So we continue to tell the story encouraged by the uptake in Wednesday and looking forward to it on a Monday list. I'm happy to add more color on a follow-up if you have one.
Alan Dean: And this is Alan. Just to expand a few items that I'd referred to; a couple of points that you should keep in mind. First, we are committed to maintaining a market leading or near market leading position in the multiply listed options space. There are more than just transaction fees that we're concerned about as there are other revenue line items, like access fees and market data and exchange services and other fees that are supported by that market leading position. So we're committed to that position. Secondly, I think there is a bottom in RPC in the multiply listed side, $0.04, $0.05, $0.06; I'm not sure, somewhere in that range. But it's higher than what I think we were seeing in the cash equity side of our business, primarily because of market data revenue. On the options side we have a consolidated take, there is market data revenue, and that's divided up by market share. But the pool of revenue that we divide up on the options side is a lot smaller than you see on the cash equity side. So you need to support your multiply listed options business with transaction fees, not just market data revenue. So I think the floor for options RPC is a little bit higher than on the cash equity side. I hope that helps.
Alan Dean: I don't think we made any pricing changes that had a material effect at all on the index side, either on the futures side or on the options side. I'm trying to think of my notes and think about changes that we made. Debbie is whispering to me, she said frequent trader program. I don't consider that to be a significant event.
Alan Dean: The change -- take futures for example, that's an easy answer so I'll take that one first. The RPC in futures is lower in the second quarter of 2016 than it was in 2015. Think about the volume that we were experiencing a year ago compared to volumes that we're seeing now. So this year the market participants on the future side, we had high frequency traders involved in the market who pay less per contract when they trade compared to other participants in the market and that helped drive down the RPC on the future side. Now the impact on the options side, the $0.70 per contract -- I think it was $0.72 a year ago or maybe even last quarter, it's down a little bit. And there is a couple of things there; it's market participants driven by volume so maximizing their volume discounts and their high volume environment, also impacted by what we're trading; where SPX and VIX and not the same they are different. So when the mix of products traded changes that can impact our RPC on the options side. So the change that I saw, that we experienced in RPC on the options side was insignificant and expected.
Alan Dean: This is Alan. I will say that if any of these initiatives become material to our is results, we'll certainly communicate that and give you an outlook if we think it is material.
Alan Dean: Let's do the second part first. Yes, cash did decline. Really it wasn't Eris, it was more tax payments than anything else during the quarter. Our cash position wasn't extraordinarily low, I guess as a comparison to year end or the end of last quarter, it is lower but our philosophy on capital allocation hasn't changed. Dividends, like to see those grow, whether dividends stock repurchases keep on doing that. First and foremost, continue to reinvest in our business to ensure future growth. So nothing has changed, I don't think there is nothing to read into that $50 million cash balance sheet at the end of the quarter.
Alan Dean: Good question, Rob. 2016 we're seeing core expense growth higher than we've seen in our prior 5 or 6 years as a public company. And in the past, we've been anywhere from 1%, 2%, 3% growth in core expense, really low-single digits. But what happened in 2016, especially this quarter, a number of things. First off, we have -- the comparison is hard, and if you think back to the second quarter of last year, volume was anemic. We were in cost-cutting mode and so -- in this quarter, it was a good quarter. So was the first quarter, so we work in that cost-cutting. So the comparisons are tough quarter-over-quarter, number one. Number two, we have two things being folded in our core expenses that are increasing the expense for this year as compared to last year. First, is Livevol; so that whole business that we bought last August is in for the fourth quarter this year but wasn't even in our expense reporting last year. So that's a significant item. And then secondly, regulatory expenses are up this year as compared to last year. It doesn't bother me because we have regulatory revenue to offset the increased regulatory expenses. And just like Livevol, even though those expenses are flown into our P&L, there is offset in revenue to offset those expenses. So our -- the culture, the attitude towards expenses set by -- has not changed here at CBOE. We like the operating leverage that we have in our P&L and the way to maximize that leverage is to make sure we control expenses. And that -- so that hasn't changed and there is no difference in attitude or the way we look at our business.
Alan Dean: I'm maintaining the guidance that we have of $211 million to $215 million in core expenses. We will touch under that if you annualized our year-to-date core expenses against that number. What I'm saying is that I expect a few line items, namely compensation and benefits and professional fees and outside services to go up a little bit in the second half.
John Deters: Thanks, Ed. I'll just be upfront, in the near term, we don't expect these partnerships to have a material impact on our results. But obviously, we build our business looking for growth and we see great potential in all of these partnerships. I'll start briefly with Eris because it's the precious in our portfolio. What we see is in Eris is a really versatile proprietary product set, specifically designed to solve problems in capital markets, in particular, problems with challenges in terms of capital cost, in terms of counter-party risk, in terms of transparency in the traditional swaps market, RPC swaps market. And so the benefits that swaps users through Eris are clear; it's lower execution costs, lower initial margins, lower capital positions; and for the dealer community, larger block sizes. So our objective is to support the growth of Eris going forward, we think it has a very, very strong potential and proprietary products like Eris and the potential of those products. We will support Eris in product development, marketing and promotion, data commercialization and certainly technologies support as well. So we think -- by the way, the timing couldn't be better. We've seen Eris set a series of open interest, particularly in their standards product over the past month alone. So we're excited to put that platform to see it grow. I'll also talk just briefly about Curve because there is a bit of profile around Curve. There has also been a bit of noise in Europe and in the exchange base in Europe in particular, and I just want to highlight Andy Ross, the new CEO of Curve and his team have been executing impressively throughout that noise. And Andy has continued to solidify his team with key milestones in terms of technology, in terms of market participant readiness. We call it as a full range with market participants committed by launch which we expect in September. And Andy's vision which aligns with ours is that Curve will be a truly distinctive platform in terms of functionality, in terms of seamless portfolio marketing, it benefits with LTA [ph] which we talked about. And I want to highlight that in particular in terms of the suite ultimately of innovative products, rate related products and this is where CBOE's capabilities come into full play. So business is on track and the business is clear and we're excited about the upcoming launch in September. One more point, I mean investments we've made earlier this year, just to remind folks there is a funds business with best and a technology business. The funds business is focused on listed options based, indexed packaged products, and we're pleased to report that VAS received approval on filing for its first mutual fund and we expect the launch of that fund to becoming up very soon. On the technology side, some real encouraging developments there as well, that team is the best team, it continues to execute terms of using their technology to help our AAs craft separately managed accounts for their end-users. And also collaborate with brokers, the team recently signed an agreement in Europe with one of the largest e-brokers there to help feed in technology that helps our customers create options. So we believe it's an investment and really the democratization investment benefits to a mass-market globally. Those are some of the long-term perspectives we have on three of the key initiatives we've done recently.
John Deters: I think 2017 I'd give you the same guidance, I know you will have to build models, we're going to tell you this is a long-term build on all these products.
John Deters: I'll circle back to the first for that question. The timeframe from launch to ultimate commercialization of Eris is dependent in large part on the regulatory regime. The design of Eris is meant to address a lot of the changes that have happened in the regulatory framework, that's U.S. and Europe. And while Dollar-Franc [ph] was passed in 2010 -- method two in Europe came somewhat later. The implementation of those related rules has been a long drawn out process and continues to be. We're just now seeing, in Europe, the implementation of some of those more important capital rules. And that's going to be the catalyst, always has been viewed as the ultimate catalyst for the product. We see in the clear swaps market that a transition has already taken place in terms of the uptake in swaps trading on sub-platforms in terms of new participants, non-bank participants like Citadel entering that market in a big way. And we view that same transition to go over into the swaps future platform in the coming years as well.
