Ken Hill: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, our Chairman and CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update on our strategic initiatives. Then Brian Schell, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will provide an overview of our financial results for the quarter as well as discuss our 2023 financial outlook. Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief Operating Officer; Dave Howson, our President; and our Chief Strategy Officer, John Deters. I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. We will be showing slides and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold. And while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after this conference call. During the call this morning, we'll be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings materials. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
Ken Hill: At this point, we'd be happy to take questions. We ask that you please limit your questions to one per person to allow time to get to everyone. Feel free to get back in the queue. And if time permits, we'll take a second question.
Ken Hill: Yes. So that completes our call for today. Thanks, everyone, for the time and the interest in the Company, and have a great weekend. Thanks.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Brian. In summary, Cboe delivered a very strong fourth quarter to close the year. And 2022's record results give us increased confidence that if we continue to invest in high-value growth initiatives that further expand the Cboe ecosystem, we can continue to deliver strong long-term results for our investors. I'm also proud of the work we did to advance our corporate ESG initiatives in 2022. We will continue to look for opportunities to support our communities and associates while driving for a more sustainable future. I would like to thank our team for the incredible results achieved during the fourth quarter to cap off a fantastic year. As we enter our 50th year of business, we are more optimistic than ever about the future. Our history of innovation, client service and good citizenship will be the foundation for building trusted markets for the next 50 years. I am extremely proud to lead this incredible team and our organization as we continue to push Cboe to new heights.
Ed Tilly: Thanks, Alex. I'll start. So, we are seeing institutional flow certainly in the zero DTE. But I think most importantly is it's not the expense of more traditional and historical third Friday, that's the good news. That base remains very, very constant. So any new movement into the dailies similar to retail looks to be accretive or new flow and new strategies. And it is very much based on the moves that we see over the last year or so, substantial and meaningful moves in the S&P 500 on a daily basis today, yesterday, basically every day this week is a perfect example. As far as education, it's -- you really make the products available for institutions, and institutions talk to other practitioners on the success or not of new strategies. So our focus has been on wallet size and having products for everyone to access the zero DTE. In particular, we called out the 1/10 size SPX and XSP and watching that growth. I would point to that as being more retail. And the SPX volume and growth that are coming from retail platforms are still small orders and still a mix between single leg and multi-leg strategy. So you hear the theme repeated here defined outcome investing tends to be much more sustainable, and that's what we're teaching. Institutions, I think, will catch on and add to that traditional third Friday and simply just gain more exposures on short dated.
Ed Tilly: Thanks for the question, Michael. The continued momentum that we see in the interest and engagement from our broad range of customers did execute in a broad range of strategies in the -- on our Derivatives complex forms a good portion of the driver for the continued revenues growth of 7% to 9% into next year. As you say, that's total. So it does include the Data and Access Solutions as well, which is also a combating driver as part of that growth guide that we've given that as we see the growth of the utility in -- that customers are finding in deploying option strategies we see that continuing throughout the year. And really one of the catalysts there last year, of course, was the addition of the Tuesday and Thursday weekly contract expirations that opened up the opportunities that Ed talked about earlier on. I think in the quarters past, what we called out is when investors move from the binary outcome of being long or short in Delta 1 and employ option strategies that allow them to define their outcome that is an incredibly sustainable, sticky, if you will, strategy. So, we continue to teach that here in our institute. We continue to bring new products to the market through Cboe Labs, and we engage with our customers globally as the demand for particular for U.S. Derivatives. But if you follow along like we do listening to and observing what retail platform operators are saying, that Derivatives demand is global. We see that. And of course, our concentration while primarily leading into '23 is U.S.-based as Dave laid out, we see potential, obviously, in Derivatives as we broaden the scope in Europe.
Ed Tilly: We'll start with just from an exchange perspective. We've recognized the power of the stack, the interplay and the rotation. We've talked about that for years that our customers are very rational in the way they deploy their hedges or exposure. You've called this out. If in the -- over the last year, the observations of incredibly large moves interday like today, yesterday, as I said earlier, all this week, the Greeks associated with the exposure in the SPX allow -- customers believe that they allow themselves a much better chance of monetizing those positions. Gamma, for example, the group that you pick up in the SPX. We did see in the observation yesterday is when investors think that the market may have run too far, they do grab the optionality and the hedge that's afforded by fixed exposure. So again, indifferent from -- basically indifferent from the economics there, what we are -- have always said is the rotation makes sense. The hedges are rational. So, we continue to teach the differences in the expected payout and just want to make sure that we're bringing those exposures to customers with every sized wallet and teaching that through many contracts in futures, for example. And of course, I mentioned earlier, XSP is the mini-500. So that's the approach, but we do see Derivatives as sticky and sustainable.
Ed Tilly: Thanks Kyle. I think your next -- if you choose to have another career as a CFO as part of that, that would be awesome. So, I think you think about exactly the way we frame that and the way we've talked about it, right, is that we've laid out this guidance. We've laid out our plans. We have certain expectations around how these investments are going to contribute to the revenue and some of the traction we think we will gain. So, there's definitely opportunity to flex. There's obviously our natural flex that is a part of our incentive plan, our short-term incentive plan that will flex based on how we're doing relative to, I would say, these very strong growth targets that we've set aside, so we set for ourselves. So, there's definitely an inherent part of that is that we are not achieving that, we will titrate the various levers there to say, how does this pull back to make sure we get to those earnings expectations of what we're trying to deliver for shareholders and continue to measure that. And then on a go-forward basis, outside of, call it, that incentive structure as far as exceeding expectations. We're a little bit more cautious on the upside. We'll be faster to move on the downside as far as pulling that back, if we don't see the results that we're expecting, but we'd be more cautious to actually raise it as you've probably seen historically with some of that kind of expense growth going forward. So that's the way I would frame it, Kyle.
Ed Tilly: I don't. Just a reminder to everyone on the call, the amount of retail futures accounts is dwarfed by the amount of retail securities accounts. It's quite a bit more difficult to open futures accounts for retail that is not to take any away from the effort. But once a retail investor is satisfied and happy with liquidity, which is what we provide each and every day, they tend to be sticky. So, the liquidity and the experience we measure each and every day, we try to make that experience better. I think feeding the system and growing the pie, if there are investors for futures, we think that's a good thing. So, the daily exposures and what our competitors might be doing in the space on daily futures, we just think the opportunity to pilot the awareness is growing. And we're confident that we will continue to be the leader in this space.
Chris Isaacson: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Thanks for the question. We continue to be very excited about Cboe Digital. And as Ed mentioned in his opening remarks, we're coming off a record month in January after closing the syndicate of those 13 great investors that are deeply embedded within both traditional finance and in the crypto space. So, we have industry-leading spreads now in Bitcoin and Ethereum. About 1 basis point is what we're seeing through the month of January. So why we continue to be excited about this and focused on the future is we're working with the CFTC on margin futures. And we're looking forward to the approval there of bringing that to the market in a way that has not been brought to the market in the U.S. thus far, continuing the onboarding of that syndicate as they -- about half of them are now onboard, and others are in different phases of onboarding. And our strategy relating to how has it changed, if at all, since the FTX bankruptcy, I would say our strategy is unchanged, while the market has gone up and down as far as crypto prices, our strategy has stayed the same. We're going to bring a trusted, transparent regulated market to crypto to Cboe Digital. We're going to bring intermediary-friendly products and services. And we're going to access ultimately to end users through those intermediaries, which we view as great partners and clearly, as part of our syndicate. So, we see growth in this nascent asset class for years to come, and that's where we're building a strong foundation right now alongside and with this syndicate. So, margin futures expand the distribution of our data as the market quality has improved dramatically, as Dave mentioned, and continuing to grow as we onboard this syndicate.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, I'll take that. On Cboe Digital, as we said on the slide there, this has been Slide 11. It's a long-term growth trajectory for us. And we haven't put out guidance on exactly when we'll have breakeven there. But a lot of this is dependent upon our Derivatives growth, margin futures and as we said, onboarding the syndicate as we bring them on. So, we haven't put out exact breakeven timing, but we are very bullish on the long-term growth trajectory for that business.
Chris Isaacson: Yes, I think Ed covered it well there. We are going to be very conservative on our listing. We do desire to list new coins as there's clarity around regulation and as we see genuine customer demand from our customers and intermediaries. But we'll make sure that there's clarity there before we start listing the coins.
John Deters: Ken, this is John Deters. Just a couple of other points to tag on there, I think first of all, when you look at the data, it's interesting. The number of active addresses for Bitcoin, for example, has stayed relatively consistent since really the Three Arrows Capital collapse, so even through the FTX issue. And what does that tell you? It tells you that engagement overall has stayed fairly consistent once the period when leverage was taken out of the system. So what our partners are seeing, and this is really one of the great benefits of having this around us they're seeing that the remaining customers and the new customers that continue to come into the space are gravitating towards highly compliant, regulated marketplaces. You heard this from China, for example, in his conversation in December. And so when this market ultimately begins to grow from its stabilization period today, we believe we're set to be -- among the winners in this space. We're investing for the long term.
John Deters: Yes, that's a good question, Ken. So as you point out, 2022 was a phenomenal year with a 12% growth there. We continue with the industry-leading 7% to 10% guide as we really see continued opportunities to build on what we've built there. We talked about the revenue investments to really build that great platform for the index business to make everything scalable and also the cloud investments there. As we look forward to build on that growth rate of 7% to 10% after a 12% year is really solid and reflects our excitement for this particular segment. So, what we're excited about is, again, the cloud opportunity. I mentioned that 72% of incremental revenue that came through there for the business, for the cloud portion of the business in 2022. The great story there is that we see people taking different portions of the data, whether it'd be Australian, European or Canadian data through that single unified source. So, the opportunity there to continue to grow the sales and access as it comes through there. And then also adding new data sets, we mentioned the Cboe Digital addition to the CCCY channel then 24/7 Cboe global indices channel, so really excited about that as we go forward. And then leaning in again to that defined outcome override strategy trend we've seen as within the home of those index calculations and many of the listings associated with those products from global issuers that we've been able to attract to the platform. And then, it's the options analytics, we're going to move that capability by adding the European data sets and bringing that capability to Europe with our customers that take their U.S. product there looking to expand that into Europe. And then, the growth really is predominantly around selling what we have is growth of existing subscribers and units at the platform there. And when you look at it, you look back on 2020, you see 60% of new market data sales coming from outside of the U.S. You can see the real focus there as we think internationally.
John Deters: Owen, this is John. Additional thought there. We mentioned that we see real stability in the market. And that doesn't mean that the market won't be unchanged in this new environment. And among the things that we see going forward is that there will be an increased concentration on the tokens people feel comfortable with from a regulatory standpoint, from a compliance standpoint. So that -- I think that's just the reality we see going forward. And we're fine with that. We recently had a reach up from significant asset manager who wasn't prepared to join us in our first iteration, really interested in considering offering exposures to their clients. And they're not talking about the long tail of smaller assets. They're really focused on the most embedded, the most comfortable and understood exposures. That's the opportunity for us.
