Ed Tilly: So as you look through the if you think about the math of how we're kind of getting to kind of that consistent kind of range that we put out there for 2020 when we walk back through I kind of gave you a list of items that you need to factor in your calculus for 2020 is and I'll walk through just briefly again is when you look at some of the items that we had a favorable impact of with a senior leadership departure there were some accounting adjustments there. I think we quantified that to $6 million, $7 million previously. When I personally like to add back what I'm hoping to target to make on incentive compensation for the entire organization. That's another you know quantify that call it $10 million to $15 million that would just rehab right back on to the expense base rolling forward. When you look at the impact of the and we've laid out a table and thanks to Debbie Koopman working with the finance team and helping the analysts and the investment in you understand laying that table out today fully understand the timing and how those expense synergies hit our income statement is we're looking for all round here roughly $20 million of benefit coming into 2020 that we didn't get the run rate benefit of in 2019. That's largely offset if you look at our historical core growth expense rate growth of roughly it's been ranging over 4% to 6% over time and if you take even at the low end of that roughly the 4% on a base of roughly $400 million that's largely offset the synergies that we incremental synergies back to realize. So that puts us in the low for ten to fifteen range of expenses into 2020 and then we've as you've heard us talk about with the incremental investments that we're focusing on what we want to do as far as continuing to plow our efforts back into the organic growth of the business that's going to require additional operating expense. We've talked about some of the duplicate short term expenses of some of the occupancy that we have and a little bit of a wild card there is and this is a really high-class problem to have with the wonderful world-class technology team that we have is that the efficiency of which they develop technology and how we look at our software capitalization process we do follow GAAP. We absolutely follow GAAP but the spend that they have is such a smaller footprint and the speed of which they develop and implement it doesn't allow for a large accumulation of dollars on any one project such that it triggers our software capitalization development threshold. So that it enters the balance sheet and therefore it's just immediately expensed. So while on a cash flow basis it's much much more efficient over time. It doesn't show up and it shows up as a short-term GAAP expense issue as if we're spending more money where in reality the benefit the organization is actually better from a cash flow standpoint and it just doesn't show up in a P&L basis until say 5-6-7 years down the road when the amortization of what has been capitalized eventually runs off. So it's a wonderful problem to have and we'll highlight it for everyone and try and model that out but I shake my head look at Chris you're killing me but anyway so but it's a wonderful problem to have again with the efficiency and so that very quickly as you add those four, five, six items back into the run rate from 2019 we very easily get back to that range. 
Ed Tilly: Let me take it a little higher though Brian and kind of answer the question a little bit repeating what we said last quarter and well we've identified the demand from our customer base for more knowledge and product use case that investment in our team has already started and so the restructure redefined global client services team is really built and has been built over the last six months to better align the sales and coverage with our customers’ needs. That's where it starts. If we align and we're going to tell our board that there's an organic growth story for 2020 and we have the team on the field ready to go that's how the incentive comp and that's how the structure changes and that's what we're going to be presenting to our board in the December cycle for a business plan for 2020 but it is an organic growth story that's already started with the people. 
Ed Tilly: The follow-up on the tax rate if you look at our tax rate and what's driving the lower numbers lower effective tax rate and I think if you look at in context for where we were in 18 where we've guided for 19 and then just a peak at 2020 and think about that the the lower numbers of what you've seen have largely been driven by discrete items that aren't necessarily as predictable clearly year-over-year and if you look at 2018 for example we had close to 4% of discrete items that kind of lowered our rate and if you look if you back that out that was roughly 29% an effective tax rate. If you look at the midpoint of 2019 and where we are and you look at the discrete items of where we are and we back those out we get close to that 28% - 29% level as far as where that kind of run rate goes. 2020 will largely be indicative of the level of discrete items that we have but I would say it's anchors around closer to that 28% - 29% range of what we've seen in 18 and 19 I know some of the other exchanges have talked about the foreign derived intangible income benefit that they've received and they recognize that benefit with some clarity around the 2018 tax return as they've updated their returns and received some final technical guidance. We do not have as large of a benefit from that just given the relative composition of our revenue base. There is some. It's marginal and it's just not the same order of magnitude as the other exchanges. So we don't expect that same continuation similar to what others have reported going into the 2020 rate. 
Ed Tilly: Yes. Thanks Chris. I'll take that question. So yes I'd say it's a little early to draw any firm conclusions given we're just four weeks in and but it will just I want to offer thanks to our customers on the day after migration we all the customers are traded on Friday traded on Monday. So liquidity metrics I don't have any hard and firm market quality metrics to give you. All I can say is that the break between floor and electronic trading is roughly the same maybe a percentage or two higher or lower depending upon the day. We continue to see market share and volumes that are basically identical to what they were. For instance if you look at October the 11th the Friday after migrations of five days in our market share and our volume were basically identical to what they were on October the fourth which was pretty amazing from my perspective. Thanks to our customers engagement and a great effort by the Cboe associates. So a little early to say on exactly how market quality metrics are going to be going forward. We can probably provide a lot more color on the next call on that. I did provide some quality metrics around the VIX settlement as I said 40% tighter spreads leading into that critical settlement. So what we've seen as far as positive but too early to have any firm conclusions. 
Ed Tilly: and Alex Brian covered it well but even today this was all in preparation for we would launch a retail priority today on the edge X book. The market share gain has primarily come on edge X where we're trying to invite retail back to that market now with this new feature that's not really based on lower net capture or buying the market shares based on functionality and priority. We're quite pleased with the progress we made in the third quarter exactly as we intended to do and as Brian said this is a long term investment in a business that we're committed to and we will continue to compete for that market share and to capture as we go along.
Ed Tilly: So before I turn over to Chris for another comment I think on the system enhancements in the migration to one common platform I think it's important for us to look at volume doesn't originate with a technology upgrade. It really allows our customers to express their best market and to express how it is they like to be represented in the marketplace know better I think than this technology integration. So I think we'll get the best of their desires and their expression of risk going forward. More importantly I think if you refer back to our prepared remarks is the street the world is looking for us to provide with them the ability to hedge what is going to be certainly at this point looking forward and uncertain 2020 the listing and the open interest in November, October and November SPX series that's a first, first the demand to list and second the adoption of a new cycle and series around a presidential election and answering that need. That's more telling to us and how we look at a potential evolve 2020. I'd also say there's a pickup an interest around the primary which we've never seen. So we're going into 2020 ready and I want Chris actually to be able to punch the readiness from a systems perspective but most importantly the team on the street as I said we've got the team who's going to be out in front of our customers explaining to them the opportunities the products use case is in what is already setting up to be uncertainty but Chris really I don't want to minimize though the importance of having this upgrade and having it completed. 
Ed Tilly: I mean that's a great question and I think that over time is that I don't think I have necessarily any incremental insight into “that longer-term nature of it” I think that what we do focus on is I just go back to our strategy of what and I don't think that's a strategy all of a sudden it changes in 21 or 22 and I think it's been a consistent theme of this organization is driving our investment, driving our efforts into the growth of the proprietary product suite of what we do today and whether that's going to come in the form of technology, whether it's going to the form of and whether that's through a incremental hardware spend but we have such an efficient hardware footprint right now but that typically has not been a big expense driver as far as that growth rate goes. If I look at the impact of our technology refresh from that hardware standpoint again that's not necessarily a big driver that's going to continue to contribute to a higher 4% to 6% growth rate in the long term. So I would say it's more around the activities that we have versus being able to identify that's going to show up in compensation cost. It's going to show up in facilities or it's going to show up in XY and Z it's more of I think what you would we look at it is what are the activities initiatives and projects around growing that core growth rate versus looking at specific line item is here's where I would expect it to see.
Ed Tilly: I think there's also a penetration aspect to the expense Brian and kind of touched on it a bit. We're distributing this unique product set way more broadly this is not a mature product and in order we want that face time. We want that interaction and we're willing to go out there as Brian points out and spend the money and the time to grow this product. We are not at the end of a life cycle in SPX VIX futures or VIX options and I think it's a big difference when you compare us to our competitors and what it is they look to a long term organic growth. It's a little bit puzzling to us. Organic growth for us is truly that we are growing this product.
Ed Tilly: And by the way I think that growth profile, organic growth crop profile and our I think our performance goes beyond strictly the proprietary products are the way we look at data and growth and data when we target mid to high single digits that requires some investment. And we do that because that data typically the data we sell supports incremental trading in our venues and our proprietary products. So, it's this beneficial cycle. If we were looking at the whole complex in a low to mid single digits growth trajectory, that just implies very different expense growth profile.
Ed Tilly: Hey Alex, I can't believe we made it this far into the call without a macro market observation from us. It's what we live every day we absolutely love it. So, happy to do that and I think you're right. So, let's take the last week Monday and Tuesday of this week and compare those proprietary products the ones you outlined and we stack them together. You comparing them to Wednesday and yesterday and we see the effect in our volumes and just a small change or small adjustment in the market. So, to your point 1.5 million to 1.6 million that product stack compared to yesterday 2.5 to 2.6 million contracts. It's a massive change in a short period of time and it's just a small change in the perception of the market. And it's whether or not this upward trend that we've observed over the last months will continue or not and what happens on a small and slight correction. Liken this to the observations that we had in the probably the second quarter call when we were looking back on the January and February volumes, this is the same. If you missed the rally at the end of last year started around Christmas Eve and continued through February, you played catch-up in the entire month of January and there was very little interest in hedging. You're chasing the upside and how we measure that and what our observations is we look at the interest in buying upside calls as opposed to hedging and the engagement in our VIX complex and as SPX how the money puts. So, three weeks ago call buying was at a one-year low everyone was focused on downside and since then call volume demand insures to a one-year high. So, that's that catch up. We look at the trends in the marketplace and we understand what how our customers are engaging and while no model can predict the future, we do see patterns in the past and we look how our customers are engaging going forward. So, I go back to the observation in the demand and in and around the anticipated uncertainty for 2020 and I am very comfortable after watching yesterday and the day before that there is customers ready to engage back into hedging when you're done chasing. And so, that's the color over the last two weeks or so and more to comment in real-time is as often as we can update you we'll be happy to do that but that's what we do.
Ed Tilly: I would say it had nothing to do with volumes because you just see the engagement, it's instant, when there's a need to come back and hedge and if again if it's global risk dollar-denominated you come to Cboe period.
Ed Tilly: So, I would look at let's start with we'll start with U.S. equities. We've already talked about you heard it earlier comments about the competitive nature of that. And so, and with we don't see that competitive environment changing in any way. Chris Isaacson highlighted our continued focus on continuing to bring functionality and in competitive and we talked about the retail priority and things that we are doing to continue to enhance our position and what we do and the benefits we provide to our customers not just through a pricing change. So, but we don't expect that pricing environment to necessarily change or be radically different from the U.S. equity standpoint. From the U.S. options, we will talk it from the multi-list standpoint that is also obviously an equally competitive environment. We've seen some of the benefits of I would say the various technology of what we're doing to where we are with respect to the Cboe migration platform and particularly when we see the multi-list we've actually seen an improvement on there. But when we look at the factors influencing RPC or we look back in the third quarter, we have seen an increased concentration of the larger participants and the mix changes and market share on BCX, Ajax and C2 and we've seen a little bit of a shift in mix. Also on the with when we saw the slight decline in the multi-list, you see the higher volume with the market maker rebate years resolving an increased volume based rebate. So, we've seen that happen and that's not a bad thing that's a good thing as far as --.
Ed Tilly: And very hard to predict as far as where that goes. So, have we potentially bottomed out? I think that we probably hit that bottom a while ago with respect to that whether it's a $0.05 or $0.06 net capture but it's obviously offset by incremental volumes and market share that we see within the multi-list. With respect to FX, that's also a very competitive environment and we will see some ebbs and flows quarter-over-quarter. Again that's we've seen some growth in that business due to what we've done uniquely as far as our curated liquidity, the different products that we're bringing. We've talked about full amount and what that's done and the different pricing around that. So, that's been a very nice growth story traditionally as well even though we may see some macro ebbs and flows that may depress some of the volumes. We continue to see reasonable efforts there from that standpoint.
Brian Schell: Yes good morning Ken. Thanks for the question. I'm extremely pleased to report on the successful migration and what we've seen thus far. As Ed mentioned we're now at a common world-class platform across our equity options and futures exchanges and what we've seen in the first four weeks today is the end of the fourth week post migration what we've seen thus far is the more deterministic platform. As Brian mentioned we're actually now already on weekly software releases. So we've now found a new normal operations which allows us to better respond to our customers in a more agile way. There's better capacity, better risk controls and improved complex order handling as a major part of this integration we also made some pretty material enhancements to the VIX settlement process to improve liquidity. You're asking about SPX and VIX, very pleased to report October 16, we had our first monthly VIX settlement as a result of those changes we traded almost 128,000 contracts right at the mid market. Those changes included providing better certainty for convergence of a traded settlement. We have a lot better visibility and access into the auction because we're providing more granular market data to market participants. We improved the clarity of the rules around settlement and we are enforcing them systematically and this has all led to increased participation by members resulting in about a 40% tighter spread around the auction and so as a global leader and volatility we'll continue to engage with customers to see how we can continue to improve this process but extremely pleased about the overall migration what we're seeing thus far as well as that first VIX settlement. You asked also about 2020 in the data platform. The data platform is really the one of the key initiatives we very excited about for 2020. Let's say we have really five goals with that platform. One to enable better data-driven decision making for us and our customers. Two to provide actionable insight within across all of our markets. We want to standardize and monetize our historical data in a better way. We want to facilitate new tradable products and finally better define and measure our increased sales and distribution efforts that Ed and Brian both talked about across our customer segments and geographies but especially in our products. So that data platform we're just getting started and we just finished migration. So we're in the design phase right now but we think this data platform is going to give us better visibility and the product usage, highlight capital and efficiencies that we can help solve and give us better cross market analytics and this is really us doubling down on previous investments we've made. Smaller investments if you think about investments that Cboe made with Livevol for enhanced derived data and even a previous effort in our FX market around liquidity management that has driven growth in that business line. We're extremely excited about this for 2020. 
Brian Schell: Yes. Part of the integration came we obviously bought Silexx about two years ago 2017 and we immediately saw the opportunity there to have Silexx as the front end to be used to enter flex orders and we showed you the flex growth this year that's been tremendous and with the migration Silexx is now the front end for all flex for our customers and on the first day on the first week we traded more than 100,000 contracts through the Silexx platform on FLEX and where we expect that we'll continue to add more features and functionality for FLEX. There's already a laundry list that folks have brought forward and we're excited to work through that list as we enter 2020.
Brian Schell: Thanks. Good questions for clarification for 20 and so on the 2020 I would just say that again this is all contingent upon a 2020 business plan and what we work with our board as far as where we are and what are those targets and as we set our compensation and what our target should be that is not final and obviously the extent that we can disclose things that we will and we can in our proxy things of that nature but broadly I would just say that it will have to be, it will be a better environment growth. We are largely focused on growth and that incentive comp is there to be make sure it's an alignment with growth. So I can't really provide you the clarity on what those numbers are other than I can assure you that as [indiscernible] this sounds we are paid to grow this business and net shareholder value and so there's an expectation that the numbers that we deliver are better than where they were previously. So I don't mean to be flipped but I just don't have a specific metrics to give you on that number as far as those metrics go. 
Brian Schell: Alex that's a fair point and we knew that going in that this is a versus managing it I'll call it quarter-over-quarter or either consecutive or year-over-year is that we announced we were very clear that we were not happy with the market share that where we were call it the second quarter of the prior year and we made those pricing changes and it was a series of pricing changes on the various exchange medallions and where we wanted to reestablish a higher number than where we were sitting and we looked at that as a long-term play is that we know that shorter term we could potentially have a slip in the overall net revenue number with some of the pricing changes we're making but we believe that the long term value of that business requires a level of market share that's closer to where we are today and such that it continues to promote the value of our market data, the value of our access capacity fees. So you have to look at it in combination over a longer term trend versus a quarter-over-quarter change is the way I'd encourage. It's certainly why we look at it so we encourage people to hopefully take that same point of view and they're looking at the value overall of what we're doing to manage that business. 
Brian Schell: Okay. I think there were [indiscernible] so I am going to try and maybe duplicate [indiscernible] I will try to group the expense questions together hopefully at those and then I think we'll move the trading volume/improvement to liquidity as the last item will try to address and I'm sure the team look at me and they probably don't want me to but anyway. so we'll let's talk about the improve margin. So the margin that we have is that we have a margin threshold and we don't manage the business by I have to have X percent of EBITDA margin. Again they are a short-term measure of how effective you were and maybe a particular quarter over a period of time and so we're looking at that, I think it's better to look at margins over at least on an annual basis versus any one quarter we had some if you look at for example we had some other income that hit this quarter that aren't kind of always part of the core run rate of what we're doing. There were certainly activities that we did to earn that that income and if you back out some of those items the EBITDA margin was probably closer to that. It probably declines by a 150 basis points roughly of that 68.5% to 69% versus closer to 71 that we reported and a measure I do like to look at is as you look at performances what is the margin on the incremental revenues over different periods and in this particular quarter and you see this a lot or certainly we've seeing this when you introduce synergies and you're becoming more efficient a lot of times the margin on an incremental revenue is in excess of a 100% which we did in this quarter and that is reflective of the activities that we're doing, the cost discipline and a bunch of different circumstances but again that's nice to claim in any one quarter when it goes up like this and again that is not something it is inconsistent or said a better way it is something we would expect to see in an environment where we're seeing synergies starting to show up in an organization over the long term. So are we targeting a excess of 70% margin in the future that would be great to achieve but that's not something we're driving. When we go into growth mode and we put in investment mode there may be some quarters where that margin may be slightly lower but as with all scale businesses when you see that incremental check up in volume at any one period of time you better see a very efficient margin on that incremental revenue which I think we've been able to continue to demonstrate over time. On the duplicate expenses we'll provide a little bit more guidance to that as we roll in on the next earnings call as far as the overall order of magnitude and how that impacts the run rate but again that's just something that we want to provide some clarity on as far as that reconciliation coming out of 19 into 20 and again that's a short-term impact of more of a 2020 as we carry some of the costs of both locations really preparing ourselves for much more efficient 21 and 22 which is actually one of the primary reasons of moving the headquarters location and the trading floor is that this is a long-term benefit that we will achieve that won't show up on the expense side in 2020. 
Brian Schell: Yes. I mean as that mentioned it's all about customers being able to manage their risk and represent their best interests and the technology should facilitate that. We believe it will facilitate that better over the long term with the massive migration as this was for us and our customers. Honestly they are still adjusting. These are the first few weeks. The new system feels a lot different to them than the old system and so they're still tuning on their side and I honestly expect that through probably the next month or two as they get the feel for it but ultimately I mentioned the hence risk controls better complex who are handling we believe it the functionality the technology is going to facilitate more trading over the long term and I mentioned already with those better risk controls, better safety also new features and functionality such as with flex to help facilitate those new products that are really catching on. 
Brian Schell: Yes. Again I think the point there is that it's you have to have that longer-term perspective. So, is that if there is something that we believe has a real strong growth potential that we need to pursue. You could potentially see that expense number tick up in any one particular year but we have to hold ourselves accountable and make sure that has the appropriate return on that investment.
Brian Schell: And then to wrap up on the proprietary. As Ed mentioned earlier, as far as where we believe where we are as far as our growth cycle, again this is not a ratchet up the price because we need incremental revenue and show that growth. This is a unit story, this is a volume story, this is a secular story of how do we move that organic needle and it's not to RPC as far as a revenue standpoint. So, that's not a lever that we anticipate being a big driver for us going forward showing up in the revenue line item. There may be adjustments due to some volume rebates and things that we've mentioned that would show up. There might be some mix shifts that might show up but largely it's not something that we're specifically planning on driving incremental revenues through price adjustments at the RPC line-item.
John Deters: Michael this is John and just while we're on that topic also there's a an intentional tie-in here with what Chris was talking about in terms of our data platform build out in 2020 which is that we need to be able to understand very precisely where to target our global client services teams efforts and then once they've targeted those efforts in a particular area to benchmark our performance how are we doing reaching those clients and educating them. So all of this is really a kind of a holistic effort to accelerate our organic growth into 2020. 
John Deters: I just add on European equities as we've introduced new trading mechanisms like periodic auctions and Cboe LIS. The larger the trade size the less frequent the trades, the higher the capture is on that and that's helped us even as people are waiting for what's going to happen with Brexit though the RPC has gone up in the European equities business. So, as we think about capture, yes we're definitely very competitive in the multi-list or competitive markets. But we're also looking at introducing and trading mechanisms that potentially can offer higher capture because they're providing more value in those trading situations to our customers.
John Deters: Owen, I just -- this is John. I just I'd add it's a great points by Chris and I think a high level the way we think about this trend playing out. It's sort of a natural progression and it is a step zero is quite an absolute number. So, it takes people by surprise. But if you wind the clock back 10 years 15 years, this has been going on. And we were sort of we meeting exchanges broadly, we were some of the first to feel the impact of competitive pressures. And our execution fees and equities have come down quite dramatically to a point where that's not the really the crux of economic conversation with the retail brokers. More to Chris's point, it's around execution quality. Because if you're getting compensated through basically monetizing the bid-as spread, you have to make absolutely sure that your customers aren't in some way being disadvantaged. So, you have to have the right algorithms in place, you have to have the right data to back up that analysis, and that's where we really help about the retail brokers. They're great friends of ours overall. They're democratizing finance that should grow the pie and that's what we like to see over time.
