Brian Schell: Wow, Rich. I mean, I've found my match with Beth. So we're done with that. So let's take these in order. Sure. I think the retail investors love a rally. And history says that in a rally, we get -- stock pickers are rewarded more than they are in a selloff, where correlations tend to be higher in sell-offs. So coming out of a year of a 30% rise, the retail investors tend to get paid by being really smart stock pickers. And I think if we look at the most recent past, if you look at volumes, Tesla is an incredible driver of volumes in multi-list option classes just over last, I don't know, gosh, 1.5 months or so. 1 million, 2 million Tesla contracts trading in a day. That's incredible. So there is a great deal of interest when there's a breakaway from the norm and rallies to illustrate that. As for its effect on our proprietary products, if you think of correlations then, and we have liquidity providers dedicating liquidity across hundreds of thousands of strikes, the roll-up into macro hedging for our pros is even more important. So we do see the roll-up in more macro hedging from professionals than in our proprietary products.  So I think it's always been complementary. We've always talked about the power of the ecosystem. So individual stocks roll up into sectors, roll up into macro hedging. And ultimately, for Cboe, that shows up in SPX options in particular. And then depending on small or large-cap, we can see that across the proprietary suite of products here in Russell and Q. So it's not a bad story for us any way to look at it. That's kind of the view from us from the individual multi-listed names.
Brian Schell: Yes. So I would say that -- and Ken, you would expect nothing but to be -- us to have, say, a conservative point of view of this. But from a profitability standpoint, we're looking at a 3- to 4-year time frame, roughly. And we'll continuously keep you and everyone in as far as our updates go. And those will be tied to the milestones that we achieve, the regulatory approvals along the way. And just part of that is informed by our experience in launching new products. This is a little bit bigger effort as far as a quote market goes. So again, we've tried to be radically transparent as far as what we believe the costs it will take upfront to invest in the long-term growth of what we think is just an amazing opportunity for us. But we're starting from -- somewhat from ground 0 on, call it, the derivatives end of this. So there is some heavier investment upfront. And so we're looking for that call that 3- to 4-year time frame for profitability. And then after that, as it takes to build scale, then we hope that we'll have meaningful contribution after that.
Brian Schell: Not exactly because I'm not even sure I wrote them all down, so you have to remind me if I didn't get them all. So one, we did not provide revenue guidance on the transactions. We did indicate at the announcement that we believe that they are going -- that they are accretive for certainly in the immediate year of 2020. So we did not give explicit revenue guidance for those transactions. I believe that one of the questions was, what is the calculus we use on looking at transactions? And I will say that we look at all the traditional corporate finance metrics that one would think of as far as a pure analytic framework of looking at discounted cash flows and the net present value. What do we believe that return is going to be relative to other opportunities that we have? So we use a lot of the traditional metrics that one would look at as far as, what do we believe the long-term additive benefit is to our -- basically, shareholder value? The accretion dilution, we always, always strive for accretion, but it is not the -- it's not a binary decision based purely on that. It's really about what we think the long-term value is going to create called traditional DCF in those projections.  Now obviously within that is our strategic rationale has always got to be part of why we're doing the transaction, which we've talked about, and we spent a lot of time talking about. And I'll reemphasize again, this was done to help supplement our core proprietary product and help leverage that growth. Again, these businesses in and of themselves are profitable and is a wonderful revenue stream that is terrific. It fits very strategically with what we do, continues to add scale to that overall market data business that we have already. But again, we believe that the big strategic focus is, how do we help continue to drive the opportunity to grow that trading in our proprietary products? I believe the last question was, how far, Brian, is Cboe willing to lever up to do a deal? And I think that's what your question was. But these transactions, obviously, are small, and we're just essentially using cash on the balance sheet. I think it's going to depend on the opportunity. The only thing I can point to you, because I can't speak for our Board, but we can look to that. The exchange industry has been given, I would say, the capital markets has given them a fair bit of flexibility to flex up to 3 to 4 -- or 3.5 to 4x within a kind of a typical leverage ratio, given a history of the ability to pay down rapidly, making commitment to maintain an investment-grade rating, and obviously if there's a strategic fit with what we're doing in that overall mix. So that's not an absolute commitment from -- that's what Cboe would do or will be able to do because that's obviously a large Board decision as far as the opportunity comes in front of us. I would just say I would point to what we've seen in the markets of what others have done. We have similar cash flow profiles.
Brian Schell: Yes. Alex, I'll take that. So we've seen some really positive trends since the migration. Obviously, volumes came right back or market share was right back within a week or two. But since then, I just mentioned earlier in an answer to a question, we've seen great -- good volatility here in January, and the platforms handled 10 billion messages or orders or quotes last Friday. We've seen the mix between electronic and floor trading has stayed largely the same. I'd say it's upticked a bit, especially in SPXW. Slightly more electronic, but we're still seeing very vibrant for trading. FLEX and XSP continue to grow. We've invested quite a bit in the FLEX product and we'll continue to do that. We have planned enhancements for FLEX for the remainder of 2020 based on demand we're seeing from customers. And then I'd also say the volatility settlement enhancements that we made, we've seen 4 very successful settlements since migration. Participation -- number of participants has increased. The number of replicating orders has increased, and the quoted spreads at the time of the settlement are down about 40%. So we're really quite encouraged by what we're seeing from a settlement perspective, is that monthly settlement especially is so vital for our customers to achieve convergence for our proprietary products.
Brian Schell: So on the revenue guide, I don't want to provide the specific guidance, but I think your calculus is a little high as far as the contribution goes. And because I know that's -- when you're backing into it, you've got ranges that you're working with. So I think it feels like you've chosen maybe the higher points of some of those ranges. And I know they can move back and forth. So I just want to give you that. That feels heavy when you look at it overall, as I think it was the first question.
Brian Schell: And the last thing I'd mention here is that with Hanweck and FT, it really -- we mentioned on the call the capital efficiency during the script. And these 2 have the potential to help us really unlock greater capital efficiencies for our customers. So in addition to the non-transactional revenue that they do produce in our profitable companies today, we think we can dramatically help customers unlock that capital, which would improve liquidity and ultimately increase trading, as we've mentioned earlier. But this is -- we feel like this is a double win, both of these. It's not just about the revenue and the contribution themselves, it's how they can help our customers better use our products.
Brian Schell: Correct. And then I think your last question was just kind of on a net capture kind of broadly across the -- as far as the trending goes. And it's also an asset-by-asset class dialogue. But as you look at why were some of those captures stronger than where they were previously, I'm hoping that a lot of that doesn't necessarily repeat. Because some of that was either volume-related or a slightly lower market share than what we were achieving. Particularly if you look around U.S. equity, some of the futures and the FX volumes were generally lower. So without hitting the certain thresholds, you're going to see a slightly higher capture. I think, obviously, the Index business, you're always going to see where is that mix shift within that proprietary mix. And as you know, we view that as a suite of products and utilization with whatever the environment calls for. And the customers are going to find mass utilization versus us kind of "managing that RPC" in and of itself. So again, the outcome of where we saw those -- that captures are more in line with what we expected, and, again, are going to continue to be driven by market share as well as somewhat by volumes.
Brian Schell: No. Look, you're not off base in general. I mean, any tool we can provide to our end users to make more efficient pre, at, or post-trade is really what we're after. So this is really designed for at-trade, if you think of the combination of Hanweck and FT, real-time risk analytics adding to a portfolio solution in theoretical pricing, that's a huge add for us. It really isn't a disintermediation counterstrategy. Our customers tend to share with us their strategies. And whether or not there's an obstacle for them, ultimately trading on exchange, looking for another solution, this really isn't the -- so this really isn't trying to fix or supplement their access to Cboe. It really is to arm them with the moment of trade, with all of the tools they need to know exactly what the impact of the next trade would mean for them and/or their portfolio.  And then when we talked about the capital efficiencies, and John said it, any dollar that we can become more efficient in the overall marketplace in a portfolio at the point of trade, we would assume that there's going to be the deployment of that extra dollar back into the market. Cboe will get its share or outsized share because of the unique product set, but it's really arming our customers with more tools to be more efficient at the moment of trade. So yes, I wouldn't look at this as a solution for this remediation at all. I'd really -- this is just arming our customers at trade with much more at their fingertips.
Brian Schell: Yes. So the way -- and I'll tell you just I'll be very transparent about how we look at it. We don't -- it's impossible to predict and to forecast. So we -- generally, we go into our overall budgeting, forecasting process. We don't assume there's anything material. And so that's very -- as you might imagine, any of the work. And as an exchange, we don't have any visibility to what the regulatory team necessarily is working on or what the plan finds or anything that potentially is going on there. So that's going to happen, and that's -- I would not forecast that as a recurring revenue stream. So I would -- that's the way we think about it, and I would encourage you to think about it that way as well.  As far as the shift goes, that is -- goes back to -- if you were looking at the volume release that we issued, I believe it was in December, about where we're looking and what that -- as far as kind of looking at where we thought the capture is going to be as we ended the year for that particular set of volumes, we wanted to highlight there was a previous fee, call it our trade processing fee, that was previously in access capacity fees, that after the migration and how we were looking at it, it's really mapping now to transaction fees. And that started in October, essentially mid-October, with the migration. And so the -- if you look at how much of that was built as access capacity fees in 2019, it was $4.5 million, which will now, going forward, be reported in transaction fees as part of that capture.  So we highlighted that because it showed a slight uptick in the net capture. And we didn't want analysts and the investment community to overforecast revenues because it was going slightly take away from the existing nonrecurring revenue stream.
Brian Schell: So that's, I guess, an ongoing effort. You're going to see -- when you saw the uptick in Europe, that's essentially the -- I'll call it our Brexit kind of continuity plan. So when the Amsterdam Exchange came online, you're seeing those fees coming online. There could be some rationalization going forward depending on where you're seeing the negotiation and that transition agreement come out. So there's a little bit of uncertainty of how much that will stick and how much of that will move. And as people continue to rationalize, the team in Europe was very, very thoughtful and worked very closely with the clients as far as understanding capacities, understanding the incremental costs of then also having to have an alternative, I'll call it, an EU -- a comprehensive EU solution versus just what they were dealing with the whole Brexit scenario. So you're seeing an uptick from that as part of it. I certainly don't think that's going to necessarily -- that rate of growth is not necessarily going to be continuing.  As far as the units continue to come online, we've continued to see clients coming online, adding capacity. Chris talked about earlier like the Friday volumes that we're seeing. So as those firms continue to push those through, they need additional capacity, obviously, to make that happen. And so they hit a tipping point where, okay, it's a step-level function. They need that next level of access. So you're seeing that kind of across the board, but you did see the spike in Europe, again, distributed to the Amsterdam Exchange coming online.
Christopher Isaacson: Rich, let me just add. From a retail perspective and with the 0 commission, that's really more of an uplift, I'd say, in equities than it is in options. But it certainly has at least a neutral to a positive effect on volumes. We think in the long term, we don't see that receding as zero commissions are here likely to say.
Christopher Isaacson: Yes. As far as the milestones go, we hope to launch our derivatives market in Europe in the first half of 2021. If you look at that, there's going to be some intermediary milestones. In the second quarter of this year, we plan to have technical specifications for all the customers. And in the fourth quarter, we'll allow them to start testing in a certification environment as well. Obviously, this is all subject to regulatory approvals, both of the acquisition of EuroCCP and the adding of derivatives and clearing of derivatives for both the market and for the EuroCCP.  In addition, there's an integration effort, of course, to be done with EuroCCP and the adding of derivatives for clearing and settlement. We look forward to working with our partners there at EuroCCP having them under the tent here at Cboe. And as we've mentioned, this is a customer-driven effort. And therefore, we're going to develop this system, this platform, as we do all of our platforms, to serve the customers. So you could think it's going to be the common platform of use across all of our equities, options and futures markets and, as John mentioned, quote-driven. So for instance, we processed, on C1, 10 billion quotes and orders last Friday. And in order to have an active, vibrant, highly quoted market, you need to have a high capacity system, which we'll bring to Europe.
Christopher Isaacson: And Chris, there's -- I mean, there are a lot of examples. But one specific example, we have retail electronic brokers in Europe coming to us, asking us to help them establish connectivity with the U.S. options market because their customers want to trade options. But the structure in Europe isn't conducive to smaller granular retail electronic trading. So that's just one example of a customer segment whose needs are just -- are not being fully met by the services provided in Europe today. And that's the pie we're trying to go that I described. That's the pie we're trying to grow rather than head on trying to slice up an existing pie in an ever smaller piece.
Edward Tilly: No, I like it. That is a great lead-up. It's a great question, and I'm going to have John start to kind of give you the landscape. I'll take over on how we see offering Cboe's unique perspective. Chris can lay out the schedule for you and milestones and Brian will wrap it up with when we see this really taking the benefit of our efforts.
Edward Tilly: So as for an anchor tenant, I think it's tenants. So the inbound to me, after we announced the deal of that years ago was when are you bringing the U.S. model of transparent, deep liquid markets to the European derivatives market? And with Mark Hemsley, it was a dream of his to realize this, and we lacked the solution for clearing. So with EuroCCP, we're able to enact a plan that we've really had on the back burner for many, many years. And it is in response to inbound. And if you think of the global liquidity provider community, there's nothing unique in the U.S. Our liquidity is really formed globally. But to John's point, what we reward is the dedicated liquidity provider. That has always been the model for derivatives. To John's point, there are hundreds of thousands of strikes. And in order to light those strikes up, liquidity providers need to participate in transactions. That's fundamentally the difference.  And so I would say there are many of the global liquidity providers asking us and willing to be those tenants, early movers in our derivatives in Europe. Chris, on milestones and timing.
Edward Tilly: So if I can -- so the -- if you look at -- if you think about the overall pool, the incentive comp, we'll call it, as far as for 2019 was roughly $35-ish million at the total base. Relative to the prior year, I think it was closer to $50-ish million in 2018. So you can see the big delta that swung from '18 to '19. And the fact that we did not have positive revenue growth and earnings growth, that was the big change. As far as we talked about expense discipline, that's as much about alignment and structure as it is. Don't take that extra trip or don't buy that extra rim of paper. It's about how do you align the organization so that there's a little bit of a profit-sharing element within the overall incentive plan. And that's certainly -- and with our comp committee and the board, certainly focused at the higher end as far as the senior leadership team, as far as that's where the most dollars are at risk, is this, the people sitting around this table right now. So the big flux is always going to be in that incentive comp as far as where that goes.  And you can see that's a direct result of when we laid out the bridge of the $10 million to $12 million. That's the biggest flex point. As you know, in the long term, all expenses are variable. In the shorter term, the key triggers that we have is that incentive compensation. And that's really kind of the biggest thing that we have. Now as we have these growth plans and everything that's going on in the way, we believe they're going to start yielding results. They're going to start generating the positive revenue that we've targeted, which we're not providing guidance on in the aggregate. But that's really the main flex point. And if there are decisions along the way, whether it be within that core growth rate, about -- in that 4% to 5% growth rate assumes some marketing spend around some of the products launched, some different efforts we have around growing those products organically. If some of those things that we factored into our budget and in our plans aren't quite working the way that we thought that they would or in the same time frame, we'll pull that back. So there's a little bit of flex in that as well. But as far as single category, order of magnitude, it's going to be an incentive comp.
Edward Tilly: Yes, thanks for the question. We're quite excited about Cboe Maket Close given the multiyear effort we've had with the SEC and customers and comment period. So very excited to launch on March 6. As we've laid out here, the overall closing volume or market share is about 7% in the U.S. It's about 20% in Europe, actually. So it's been trending up year-over-year. So we're very excited to compete in this area of the market. The addressable market for a market on close is roughly half of that. We don't have exact visibility into every single trade that occurs at the close. But roughly half of it, we think, is addressable. We won't be announcing pricing quite yet. That will be closer to the March 6 launch. But I can just tell you, it would be very aggressive, and we look forward to competing very aggressively in this space.  This is something our customers -- they've asked for us to bring this to market for many years. In fact, there are many dark pools or ATSs that offer similar off-exchange facilities. And they're excited for us to bring this to the exchange space. So more to come on pricing. The functionality, we think, is well designed, and the demand from our customers is quite exciting. We expect to have people there March 6.
Edward Tilly: Yes. I think just to punch it a little bit. The effort we have in customer portfolio margining, that's actually our argument. And if we can put futures and securities accounts, that's a big deal. And it takes away the argument where I will just go and trade upstairs. Counterparty would be my bank. We continue to pitch, if you can bring somebody to OCC, the offset is immediate. And the hedging around that initial position is ongoing with the appropriate margin offset. That's incredibly powerful. So that's why we continue to stress in all of these calls our efforts to be an advocate for margin and capital efficiencies.
Edward Tilly: It is plain and simple, not a share play. Cboe, we grow pies. And for us, there's unsatisfied demand for liquidity providers in Europe to have transparency into the marketplace. And the slide we had in the prepared remarks show the difference between the potential and the average daily notional turnover. This is adding access or giving access to those that are not satisfied today. So it really isn't a share play. We know there's global demand for the model that has been successful here in the U.S. And again, to the points we've made, this is not saying the European model is wrong or incorrect. It is just not answering the demand from global users today. And that's the play.
Edward Tilly: So to be clear, Hanweck and FT -- and thank you. Great question. The Hanweck and FT are really the addition to LiveVol, which is a 2015 initiative, and then the follow-up of Silexx in 2017. So it's a continued build on what we think are tools in information services. But John, let me turn over to you.
John Deters: Yes, Ken, this is John. Thanks for those questions. It's an exciting initiative for us. In terms of the current landscape in Europe, I mean, we showed you just the look in terms of notional value traded. There are index options, as everybody who covers our company is aware, in the European landscape. There are index options. There are single-name options. There are single stock futures. So those products do exist. And they're provided by very competent, we think, competitors in the space that we have a lot of respect for. The structure of those markets just serves a different, a more limited universe than our market structure serves. And we're not making judgment about that, there's just -- it's just based on where you grew up as a company. So Cboe for 4 years has been built around the primacy of the quote, the primacy of the quote from a diffused number of market makers. And that's embedded in our technology, so the capacity of our technology. It's embedded in our fees and our rule structure. It's embedded in our relationships, the diversity of our relationships, and it's embedded in our product design, our easily hedgeable product designs, so that you can really encourage this diffused community of market makers to provide robust quoting.  You can see this, I mean, there are in dish off it, and we study this stuff all the time, and dish off it in the markets -- market stats. So for example, if you just look at quoting, U.S. versus Europe, the typical quoting amount is less than half in Europe as it is in the U.S. The spreads tend to be about 100 basis points wider. They update less frequently. And yet, at the same time, if you look at the kind of average trade size of what's actually executed, the average trade size is larger. But what does that all mean? It means that people are looking at the quotes. The quotes are really meant to be indications, guidelines of where the market is. And when they go to act on those indicative quotes, they tend to call the relationship banks. You call a handful of them. The best bank wins. And then you post it sort of in block fashion. Our market operates very, very differently where the quote on the top of the book as well as the depth behind that quote makes a large-sized transaction completely actionable through the depth of quoting in the book.  And so, ultimately, that filters down to create an environment where a broader number of participants. Retail gets brought in because the quotes are actionable and reliable. Institutions that don't necessarily have those deep bank relationships get brought in because those quotes are deep and reliable. And that builds a virtuous liquidity cycle.  One more thing to note about this before I turn it over, because it's going to be a team effort on this question, is just that I think people underappreciate the importance of quotes for the options market, whereas equities are really about last trade. The options market, you've got thousands of actionable points, strikes and maturities. And they don't always trade with frequency. The quotes are really what people use to understand the market. In fact, the 2 deals we just announced this week, those sets of analyses couldn't happen without quotes. And a lot of people -- we've got a really, I think, a world-class options-based strategy benchmark index business. Those indexes are built on quotes. So people need to understand, in order for you to find your way in the options market, you need good quotes because these tools wouldn't exist without it.  So that's a little bit of perspective in terms of what we see. We're not just saying we're better. We've done a lot of time, spent a lot of time deeply evaluating differences between these markets. And we think we've got something unique that we can deliver together with our key relationship customers.
John Deters: And just to -- this is John. Just a follow-up on the second part. I mean, I think Brian really laid it out well. It's worth repeating, we've said this before and this will not change. We lead with organic growth. And when we look at transactions, those transactions are designed to accelerate our organic growth aspirations. So while we focus on the intrinsic financial benefits of an opportunity, there are also, I'll call it, unseen benefits that occur throughout the business that you'll just see recognized in our continued outsized performance.
John Deters: And then the second one, Brian, was -- this is John. The second one was on the customer question. I think there are 2 ways to look at the opportunity set. One is just in terms of the value add of the product set. And two, the other is the customer question. The first one, so I think you can go back to the slide we showed where we've got pre-trade, at trade and pos-trade. The transaction revenues we earn from our Options business are that single moment in time. It's people are compensating us for the value we provide at that moment in time. People are putting on positions that could last a day, a week, a month, a year. And for the duration of that holding, and even leading up to in the pre-trade period, people are going to want to risk analyze. People are going to want to mark using theoretical prices. People are going to want a portfolio evaluate. So you think about those things as sort of being buckets of value you provide, the transaction being at that moment in time and these other services for the lifetime of the holding. I think what we're really trying to describe is significant opportunity to grow that non-transaction revenue stream because people find similar value in those non-transaction services.  And then secondly, in terms of the customers, so you can think about these 2 businesses as having -- I mean, customer numbers really in the low -- very low 100 range. Very, very marquee customers, great customers. But if you're smaller businesses like this, you face some challenges. One, you don't have the sort of the diversity of distribution channels that we have at Cboe already in place. Two, you're facing a client base that wants fuel rather than more vendors. And three, you're just facing questions about who you are. It's -- you're a new name. And so even before you really start in earnest the sales cycle, you're describing that. And out of the gate, we sort of overcome that. So you -- now you match up these, call it, 100-plus customers that these 2 businesses come to us with, with our thousand plus customers, who all, because they trade our products, will find some utility in this suite of offerings. We think that there is obviously significant upside there to grow the businesses.
John Deters: And Kyle, yes, we hope the intermediaries continue to make -- have quite profitable business with us, bringing their customers to our marketplace. We -- if you look at the -- back to that customer profile of these businesses, about half of them are current direct customers of ours, and about half are not. So to Ed's point, we are half of those. And that will probably -- that ratio may continue as we grow the number of customers. So half of those will be customers that we're providing services to, so they can better understand our products and then go through the intermediaries to reach our market. So everybody continues to grow the ecosystem together.
John Deters: Yes. So I mean, we -- and I think we described this. We actually looked at our gaps in Information Solutions, in Cboe Information Solutions. And then we married opportunities with those gaps instead of the other way around. So we're still doing that. There are gaps. There are fewer and fewer of them as we build this business. So I wouldn't expect anything that's capital-intensive for us to go after. But you will see us fill in those gaps because our customers want us to be providing these real-time analytical services.
