Luca Maestri: Well, we've always said that we're very committed to executing our program. We have done almost $250 billion of repurchases from the beginning of the program. But we've also said that we want to execute the program in an efficient, effective, I will say, disciplined manner. And that takes into account also overall market conditions. So, that's what we did during the course of the December quarter. We -- our fundamental view remains the same. We are optimistic about our future and we think there is great value in our stock. And so we will continue to execute the program. We will continue to report at the end of every quarter. And by the way, when we report our March quarter results, we will also talk about the next step in our capital return program which is something that we do traditionally in the spring.
Luca Maestri: Well Steve, we did mention on the call last quarter that the different timing of our phone launches would affect the year-over-year compares. If you remember, our top models the Xs and Xs Max shipped during the September quarter, which plays the channel fill and the initial sales in that quarter. While last year the iPhone X shipped in Q1 in the December quarter, plays in the channel fill and initial sales in the December quarter. So we knew that this would create a difficult compare for Q1 of 2019 and this is essentially what happened. It was pretty much in line with our expectations. To give you more color I would say that, the XR is our most popular model and it's followed by Xs Max and then the Xs.
Luca Maestri: Yeah. I mean three questions there. The first one is a question around conservatism. As we always do when we provide a range, it's a range that we believe we're going to fall within. We've done pretty well with that up until the December quarter, right? I mean, we've been – we didn't miss in years and years. So that's the idea. There isn't a specific level of conservatism. We believe that this is the range where we're going to fall within. On channel inventory, as you know our historical pattern for iPhone channel inventory is that typically we increase inventory in Q1 and we decrease in Q2. And we think this year will be similar and we've exited the December quarter with levels of inventory that we are comfortable with. So that leaves us with the reality that our iPhone performance in Q1 from a revenue standpoint was minus 15%. And we expect that the key factors that Tim mentioned during the call affecting iPhone performance in Q1 will also have an effect on Q2 starting with the strong U.S. dollar environment. On a year-over-year basis, the negative impact from currency is going to be about $1.3 billion, so that's about a bit more than two points versus last year's revenue and so that obviously plays a role. And the macroeconomic environment particularly in emerging markets will continue to be there. On the positive side, we expect that we will continue to grow revenue nicely from the rest of the business which is not iPhone.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon. I think you've seen that Services gross margins increased on a year-over-year basis by a significant amount. Let me start with sequential because I think it's probably most relevant for us. Sequentially, we increased 170 basis points. It's a business that is growing nicely, so we get good support from our scale. Some of these services are scaling quickly and so we tend to expand gross margins there. And also, we had favorable mix. As you probably know, we have a very broad portfolio of Services. Some of them tend to be accretive to the average gross margin for services, also because of the way we account for them. For example, you know that on the App Store, we book revenue on a net basis and therefore the gross margins tend to be accretive. But we also have services that are very successful, that are below the average for the services business. And so depending on how these separate businesses do in the marketplace, we're going to be seeing some level of movement going forward on services margins. But you've seen that for the last 12 months they've gone up nicely 450 basis points and sequentially they've gone up 170 basis points. But I wouldn't draw necessarily a conclusion on how this services gross margin is going to move over time. We will report of course at the end of every quarter. But important to keep in mind, it's a broad portfolio with very different gross margin profiles within the portfolio. It is important for us to grow gross margin dollars. And if at times we grow services that are at a level of gross margins, which is below average, as long as this is good for the customer and as long as we generate gross margin dollars we're going to be very pleased.
Luca Maestri: Yes in essence when we sell a product at a certain price, we make an assumption. We estimate the value that can be associated to providing free services. In our case, it's providing Maps services, providing Siri and providing free iCloud to all the customers that purchase our product. And so we calculate an estimated value. That value gets deferred and gets amortized over the estimated period of time that we deliver the free services. In the past that deferral and the subsequent amortization was reported under products. Now in connection with the new revenue recognition standard, we are reclassifying essentially that amortization from products revenue to services revenue. So total revenue has not changed, we just report that estimated value under the Services category. We also reclassify the cost that we need to incur to provide those services. So the gross margin rate of these services is clearly significantly dilutive to the overall Services margin. I hope I've...
Luca Maestri: Yes. I mean as I said I mean essentially what -- services -- I said services too is our installed base. So the first driver is growing the installed base. Installed base has grown nicely over the last several years. We've added 100 million in the last 12 months alone. So that's the first step. Then within that installed base, of course we want to make sure that there are more people that are so interested in our services that in addition to transacting on those services on a free basis, they also are interested in paying for those services. And I mentioned that the percentage of paid accounts has increased strong double-digits. So we want to continue to do that. We want to make it easier for our customers to actually use our services and so we are accepting more and more payment methods around the world. And clearly, as you said the idea of adding new services is very important to us. During the last three years, we've added Apple Pay, which has been incredibly successful and is a wonderful customer experience. We've added Apple Music, where we now have more than 50 million paid subscribers and continues to grow very nicely. And we've added a very useful service to our developers. We provide an advertising service for developers in the App Store. The way we've added these services in the past, obviously, we're also very interested in adding new services that can provide great value to our customers in the future. Now we don't want to get into product announcements here, but obviously that is part of our strategy.
Tim Cook: Steve, it's Tim. If you look at what we did this past year, we priced the iPhone Xs in the U.S. the same as we priced the iPhone X a year ago. The iPhone Xs Max which was new was $100 more than the Xs. And then we priced the XR right in the middle of where the entry iPhone 8 and entry iPhone 8 Plus have been priced. So, it's actually a pretty small difference in the United States compared to last year. However, the foreign exchange issue that Luca spoke of in the call and -- made that difference or amplified that difference in international markets, in particular the emerging markets which tended to move much more significantly versus the dollar. And so what we have done in January and in some locations and some products is essentially absorbed part or all of the foreign currency move as compared to last year and therefore get close or perhaps right on the local price from a year ago. So, yes, I do think that price is a factor. I think part of it is that, the FX piece. And then secondly in some markets as I had talked about in my prepared remarks, the subsidy is probably the bigger of the issues in the developed markets. I had mentioned Japan, but also even in this country even though the subsidy has gone away for a period of time. If you're a customer that your last purchase was a 6s or 6 or in some cases even a 7, you may have paid $199 for – and now in an unbundled world it's obviously much more than that. And so we are working through those and we've got a number of actions to address that including the trade-in and the installment payments which I had mentioned as well.
Tim Cook: We do design our products to last as long as possible. Some people hold onto those for the life of the product and some people trade them in. And then that phone is then redistributed to someone else. And so it doesn't necessarily follow that one leads to the other. The cycles -- the average cycle has extended. There's no doubt about that. We've said several times I think on this call and before, that the upgrades for the quarter were less than we anticipated due to the -- all the reasons that we had mentioned. So, where it goes in the future, I don't know, but I'm convinced that making a great product that is high quality, that is the best thing for the customer and we work for the user. And so that's the way that we look at it.
Tim Cook: Yeah, Shannon, we see huge changes in customer behavior taking place now. And we think that it will accelerate as the year goes by to sort of the breakdown of the cable bundle that's been talked about for years. And I think that it'll likely take place at a much faster pace this year. And so we're going to participate in that in a variety of ways. One of those is through Apple TV and you're well familiar with that product. The second way is AirPlay 2, which we have as just pointed out we have support on a number of different third-party TVs. And we're excited about that. It makes the experience in the living room with people using our products even better. We think that people are really going to like that. Another way is, of course, all the third-party video subscriptions that are on the store. We are participating in this today. And I would guess that that's going to accelerate into the future as the bundle breaks down and people begin to buy likely multiple services in place of their current cable bundle. And then finally, original content where we will participate in the original content world. We have signed a multiyear partnership with Oprah. But today I'm not really ready to extend that conversation beyond that point. We've hired some great people that I have a super amount of confidence in and they're working really hard and we'll have something to say more on that later.
