Timothy D. Cook: Yes, Katy. Hi, it’s Tim. The growth in Asia-Pacific was 25% as you indicated, and the vast majority of the difference in our sequential growth rate was a result of Greater China, which represents about two-thirds of our revenue of that region. As we reported for Q2, our Greater China revenue was $7.9 billion; and in Q3, our revenue was $5.7 billion. Now the $5.7 billion is a 48% year-over-year increase and so, it still is growing at incredible rates. Virtually, all of the $2.2 billion sequential revenue decline, was due to iPhone sales in Greater China and about half of that $2.2 billion is attributable to changes in the channel inventory not the underlying sell through of the iPhone. As a reminder, in the previous quarter, in our fiscal Q2, we launched the iPhone 4S in China in January. We added China Telecom as the second carrier in March, and as we proceeded across the quarter, we increased the channel inventory to accommodate the sales and to reach our target inventory of four to six weeks. The remainder of the sequential revenue decline is mainly attributable to normal seasonality after the very successful iPhone 4S launch. We did not see an obvious impact in Q3 that we would associate with the economy in Mainland China. We look at the economic report as all of you do and see the press. But again, we did not see something that we would attribute to the economy in China. In terms of iPhones in general in Mainland China, we were incredibly pleased with our results. We were up over 100% year-over-year, and as you probably know, just last Friday, so in Q4, we launched our new iPad in China after we resolved the iPad trademark issue. And so our sales did not benefit from the new iPad in the June quarter in Mainland China. Also, our new portables that we announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference began to ship in Mainland China last week after we received routine regulatory approval, and once again, the June quarter sales did not benefit from these products. So, net, we remain really confident about our plans and are very excited about our opportunity in China, and are very much looking forward to incorporating more local services as you probably saw in the Worldwide Developers Conference announcement of iOS 6, which will be coming in the fall.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah, Bill, it’s Tim. First of all, at a global level, I think it’s important to understand as you compare our Q2 iPhone sales to Q3, there is a fairly large channel inventory difference that is embedded in that. As you recall, in January, we completed the iPhone 4S rollout in all the major countries, including China. It was our fastest iPhone rollout ever. We were also able to get the channel at a – within our target inventory range of four to six weeks by the end of March. And so what that did was, it increased sell in over sell through by 2.6 million units. In the quarter that we just finished, our sell in was less than sell through by 300,000 units. And so the net change in channel inventory across the quarter is about 3 million units. And so, I think it’s important to understand that to look at the underlying sell through trends. In terms of what we see happening in the different geographies, the U.S. was very strong, running at 47%, Japan was strong at 45%. I’ve already mentioned Greater China was up 66%, but Mainland China was over doubled as I said before, it’s over 100% up. The geography that did not perform well was Europe. Europe was essentially flat, slightly positive year-on-year and that really hampered our total results. Within Europe, now I’ll switch from iPhone to talking about more of the gross revenue level. We see a margin difference between the countries. The U.K. was relatively solid at 30% growth, but France and Greece and Italy were particularly poor, and Germany was also similarly a single-digit positive growth for the quarter. Eastern Europe was strong, materially stronger than Western Europe, but obviously the Western European countries drive the preponderance of the revenue in that segment. And so, we’re certainly seeing a slow down in business in that area. Fortunately, the U.S. and China, although I realize it’s getting a lot of crest, we’re not seeing anything that we would classify as an obvious economic issue.
Timothy D. Cook: Ben, I think there is a lot of speculation out there. It’s difficult to sort out, but I’m fairly convinced based on what I’ve seen that there is an incredible anticipation out there for future products and as you would expect given what we’ve been able to deliver in the past. And so I think it’s a reasonable amount. In terms of channel inventory in the current quarter, we put our current thinking in the guidance that Peter provided to you.Ben Alexander Reitzes – Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Okay, thank you very much.
Timothy D. Cook: Shannon, it’s Tim. It’s clear the PC market is weak based on the latest IDC data, but frankly we believe the primary factor for our lower growth rate in the Mac area is the timing of our portable announcement within last quarter. As you know, we announced an entirely new portable line up that’s been incredibly well received. That was done with three weeks or less than three weeks remaining in the quarter. The year ago compare we made the transition in the portable area in February and so we were selling our new line up for the entire Q3 period. And so, if you look at the data underneath that to further illustrate this, prior to the Developers Conference, our weekly Mac sales were running below the prior year. After the Developers Conference, the MacBook Pros and the MacBook Airs drove year-over-year increases in weekly sell through. And they were to the level that got us back to an overall positive territory for the quarter and our 25 consecutive quarter of growing faster than the market. The MacBook Pro with the Retina display was incredibly well received, we ended the quarter in backlog, and we still have not caught up with demand yet, but anticipate doing so next month. Also to further illustrate the portable point, for the month of June, the NPD data that just came out for the United States showed our portable share at 25.5% and a record 47% of revenue share in the month of June. And so, I would attribute a large amount to what has happened in terms of the timing of our portable announcement.
Timothy D. Cook: Let me avoid talking about the product transition, but you’re very smart to ask that. I don't want to get into specific topics about with different carriers, but generally I would just say that our role is to make the very best smartphone in the world and that has an incredible user experience far superior than anything else that customers want to use everyday. And I think at the end of the day, the carriers want to buy or want to provide their customers with – what their customers want to buy. And so the most important thing for Apple by far is to continue making the best products in the world and we are very deeply committed to doing this and we’re maniacally focused on it. From the carrier’s perspective, I think it’s also important to remember that the total subsidy that they pay is fairly small relative to the monthly payments they collect over a 24-month contract period. And I think many would tell you, they certainly told to me, that iPhone has several advantages for them over other smartphones, the churn rates are much less, you see carriers now focusing on shared data plans and I think an iPhone customer is likely more – is more likely to have a Tablet or an iPad. And so I think they really value these customers quite a bit. Also, our engineering teams are very sensitive to working with carriers to find the most efficient way to deal with data. And we think that we are the most efficient smartphone on the market for smartphones that are in an app rich ecosystem. And so we are going to continue to focus – focusing on making the best product and I think that the carriers will be very motivated to make sure that they provide that to the customers.
Timothy D. Cook: I wouldn’t go historic for the company in total, so it’s not just iPhone, but across everything that we make is to make the very best product, and that’s more important, and overshadows all other things. But we do believe by doing that, that we will have a great business, and I think that our results today really show that.Toni M. Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: That's right. We do it because we think we can, it will lead us somewhere. And so we'll see, I think this 4 million is not a small number, it's small relative to iPads and iPhones perhaps, but it’s not a small number and there is a lot of believers in it.Gene A. Munster – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah. I wouldn’t want to comment specifically on that point, but Passbook in general is a very key feature. I think all of us have found that we were getting many passes and many tickets and so forth, they were scattered all over – maybe boarding passes, et cetera, they were scattered all over our iPhones in different apps. And so Passbook does an incredible job of pulling all of those to one place whether it’s offers or passes or tickets or whatever it might be. And so it’s a important feature of iOS 6 and I would want to speculate about where it might take us.Mark A. Moskowitz – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: You know of course I love India, but I believe that Apple has some higher potential in the intermediate term in some other countries. And that doesn’t mean that we’re not putting emphasis in India, we are. We have a business there, that business is growing, but the sort of the multilayer distribution there really adds to the cost of getting products to market. And so, we’re going to continue putting some energies there, but my own perspective is that in the intermediate term there will be larger opportunities outside of there.Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much.
Timothy D. Cook: The iPad, the new iPad ended the quarter in just over the four-week line, which we associated with our target of four to six weeks and – in terms of channel inventory. Now that said, as a reminder, we did not ship the new iPad in Mainland China until the quarter that we’re now and in Q4, but in Q3, we feel like we ended in a balanced situation.Shaw Wu – Sterne, Agee & Leach Group, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Timothy D. Cook: Brian, it’s Tim. Our North Star is to maniacally focus on making the world’s best products and economic turmoil, may push us side to side, but we’re going to stay on that journey and stay focused on making the best product, and not deviate from that. We’ve seen, again and again throughout the years, that during these type of periods are where we distanced ourselves further from people that don’t innovate and it increases the gap between us, and so that’s what we’re focused on. Now, when we can do that and hit more aggressive price points, we’re also going to do that. And I think you’ve seen that with what we did with the $399 iPad, just a few months ago. And the iPhone 3GS is free in the United States, and in several other countries. And there has been quite a lot knocked off the price of that in certain other markets. And so, our North Star that will be making the best products in the world, and that’s why we breathe, that’s why we live and we’re not changing that.
Timothy D. Cook: Brian, we try very hard to keep our product roadmap secret and confidential, and we go to extreme, do extreme activities to try to do that. That however doesn’t stop people from speculating or wondering and we’ll never do that. And so it’s a great thing about this country, people can say what they think and so forth. And so I'm not going to spend any energy trying to change that, that’s just the environment we are in. I’m glad that people want the next thing. I’m super happy about it. And there is obviously, quite a few that what we’re currently doing as well and as witnessed by the amount of products that we’re selling. And so, I’m not going to put any energy into try to get people to stop speculating. I don’t think it would – I don’t think that’s going to amount anything.
