Nancy Paxton: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and he will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri, and after some final remarks we'll open the call for questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you’ll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2013, the Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of fiscal 2014, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. And I’d now like to turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Luca. We'd like to let you know about some reporting changes that we'll be making beginning with the release of our Q1 '15 results. First, to better serve our customers and optimize our results around the world we are collaborating like never before across our direct and indirect channels. Accordingly, beginning in Q1 '15, we'll be including the results of our retail stores in the geographic segments where the stores are located providing a consolidated view of regional performance that is consistent with the way our executive team measures the business. This means that going forward our reportable segment will be Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and the rest of Asia-Pacific with the retail no longer classified as a segment. Second, to better reflect our evolving products and services, we'll be making some changes to our product summary reporting. We will continue to report iPhone, iPad and Macs as separate line items and we'll also have a category that we refer to as services and this will encompass everything we report under the heading of iTunes software and services today including content, apps, licensing and other services and beginning this month it will also include Apple Pay. We'll be creating a new reporting category called other products. This will encompass everything we report in the accessories category today including Beats headphones and speakers, Apple TV and peripherals and accessories for iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod. In addition, we will begin to include iPod sales in the other products category and we will also reflect sales of Apple Watch in this line item once it begins shipping in early calendar 2015. So to recap, beginning in Q1 '15. our products reporting categories will be iPhone, iPad, Mac, services and other products. We wanted to give analysts and investors a heads up on these plans so you can reflect them in your models accordingly. We'll also reclassify historical results to be consistent with these newer groupings and we'll provide that information on our Investor Relations website when we release Q1 results. And finally, our distribution channels have evolved and expanded significantly in the last couple of years including traditional resellers, consumer electronic stores, mass retailers, distributors and carriers, and each of these channels have the different distribution model. Today, iPhone is sold in over 200,000 locations around the world and iPad is sold in more than 100,000. In addition, revenue from emerging markets has increased considerably over the last few years and now accounts for over quarter of our sales. And channel inventory requirements in those markets tend to be much longer. So, due to the size, complexity and different needs of our channels around the world we've determined that a five to seven week average range for both iPhone and iPad channel inventory is more appropriate and that will be our target range going forward. However, given the backlog for our new products, we expect to exit the December quarter within our old four to six weeks target range. So with that let's open the call to questions and we ask that you please limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up.
Nancy Paxton: Thank Keith. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on the iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter a confirmation code 1997837. And these replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press can contact Kristin Fugate and financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Thanks again for joining us.
Tim Cook: Shannon, hi, it's Tim. The -- what we wanted to achieve with Apple Pay was first and foremost to have an incredible consumer experience. And so we focused very much on making it elegant and simple and hopefully your trails have proven them. I know I used it over the weekend and it worked fantastically. We also wanted to focus on security and privacy, and so we see huge issues with the security of the traditional credit card system. And many people that have entered mobile payments are doing still in a way that they want to monetize the data that they collect from the customers and we think customers in general do not want this that they'd like to keep their data private. And so, we wanted to have ease of use, security and privacy and maximize all three. By doing so, we think we will sell more devices because we think it's a killer feature. It's far better than reaching in your pocket book and trying to find the card that you're looking for and half the time it's not working. There -- we do not charge the customer for the benefit. We do not charge the merchant for the benefit. However, there are commercial terms between Apple and the issuing banks, but we're not disclosing what they are, like any other contractual arrangement those are private things. And so as Nancy was saying in her closing comments, we'll be reporting Apple Pay in the services line item on the data sheet. And so, we see it as an incredible service that is the most customer-centric mobile payment system that there is. And we are very proud of it and can't wait to sign up more retailers and also extend it around the world.
Tim Cook: Bill its Tim. The ramp itself is going great. The chances are ever in our history, so I couldn’t be happier with it. That said, today demand is far obstructing supply. It is unclear looking at the data when supply will catch up with demand. And so I don’t want to leave you with a view that we know that we're going to get to a supply-demand balance on both of the new products this quarter because I don’t know that at this point. It's very difficult to gauge demand without first achieving finding the balance and it's clear that as of today, and certainly as of the end of the quarter where you're looking at the data, we're not nearly, we're not close, we're not on the same plan. And -- but that said, I am really confident that supply is going to be great and that's the reason you see incredibly strong guidance that we're giving from $63.5 billion to $66.5 billion. At -- but at this point, it's just very difficult to gauge what the true demand is. When you see it's very unusual to see every country having a marked improvement over the previous year and that's what we're seeing on iPhone. And so, I couldn’t be happier with the way the demand looks. Nancy's comment at the end was meant to tell you that we do not envision as of today being able to achieve the extra inventory in the channel that we believe is needed when you think about the long food chains in some of the emerging markets where the distribution channels are not as official, so that's the purpose of that comment.
Tim Cook: Yeah Katy, it's Tim. At this point, we're selling everything we made. And so it's difficult to say that we've been -- that we've absolutely made it well on the SKU mix and the split between the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus. From everything we can tell, we've done a pretty good job on that. But I'll stop short of saying there is no issue at all, because it's hard to tell when you are at a point where you are selling everything you are making. It is a good problem to have.
Tim Cook: It is difficult to answer exactly, but let me sort of back up and give you some data, maybe that will help frame the topic. So if you look at some of our top countries and how they did in the mid year of selling a customer the first iPhone they had ever bought. What you would see is that in countries like China over 80% of the people that we were selling the 4s2 were buying the first iPhone ever in the U.S. it was over 60%. And so those kind of give you some goalpost of large countries in terms of first time ownership at our entry level. As you step across and look at the 5s, which was at that time the top end phone, in China still almost half the people were buying their first iPhone ever buying try this and about a quarter of the U.S. population buying a 5s or buying their first one. So that kind of gives you some goalpost and so, the way I look at those numbers are, that on a forward basis what would I expect, obviously we don’t give guidance on this kind of stuff is that I still see a fairly large opportunity in people buying their first iPhone ever and I think with these products that we just announced with 6 and 6 Plus that opportunity increases not decreases. I also believe that the upgrade market for people that were waiting for 6, for iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, as we can see from our order backlog that number is huge. And so I would expect that to go on for some period of time because you have people that time out of contract at different time, no everybody does that at launch time. And so I see both the first time buyer being a great opportunity and the up-grader. Some of the first time buyers are people that have never owned a smartphone before and some of them are switchers from android. And so, right now, everything, all of those look very good to us, but we're in the early going and we're selling everything we're making and so it's going to take some period of time before we have a better handle on what those numbers will look like in steady state. But I've never felt so great after a launch before, maybe that's the best way to summarized it all.
Tim Cook: Steve, there's not a lot of color that I can give that I feel is terribly accurate because as I said before, we're selling everything we're making and so essentially what our current sell through looks like is our current supply. And so in the long arc of time, once there is enough supply to meet demand that mix might look differently. Digits clear or at least I think that we will see a difference by geography in terms of preference and we thought that going into the launch of -- and there's no data that we perceived to date that would suggest that, that's not the case and so that's all about all I can say at this point.
Tim Cook: Let me comment on both the Mac and the iPad. On the Mac it was just absolutely blow-away order. Our best ever, it will result in our highest market share since 1995. It's just absolutely stunning. Get back-to-school season voted and the Mac 1 and carried the day and we're really proud of that. I'm proud of the Mac team. It's clear that the -- all the work that we've put into our Notebooks, on the hardware and the software side is resonating with our customers and I think if you went out to college campuses about now, you will see a lot of Mac and there are lot of new Mac Notebooks there based on the sales. And so that feels fantastic being up 21% in that market that's shrinking it just -- it doesn’t get better than that. For iPad, if I take a step back on iPad, and I know that there is a lot of negative commentary in the market on this, but I have a little different perspective on it. Here's sort of my simple perspective. If you look at, instead of looking at this thing each 90 days, if you back up and look at it, we've sold 237 million in just over four years. That's about twice the number of iPhones that we sold over the first four years of iPhone. If you look at the last 12 months of iPad, we sold 68 million in '13, in fiscal year '13 we sold 71 million. So we were down, but we were down 4% on sell in and the sell-through was a bit better than the negative 4 because we took down channel inventories. And so, to me I view it as a speed bob, not a huge issue. That's said, we want to grow. We don’t like negative numbers on these things and so, looking further in the data, I know that there is a popular view that the market is saturated, but we don’t see that. I can't speak to other people but I do look at our data deeply. And in the last market research data we have is in the June quarter, and let me give you some of this -- the real data that we've got. is that if you look at our top six revenue countries, in the country that’s sold the lowest percentage of iPads to people who had never bought an iPad before that number is 50%. And the range goes from 50 to over 70. And so when I look at number, our first time buyer rates in that area, it is saturated, that's not a saturated market. You never have first time buyer rates at 50% and 70%. What you do see is that people hold on to iPad longer than they do a phone. And because we've only been in this business four years, we don’t really know what the upgrade cycle will be for people. And so that's a difficult thing to call. What we do know is that people always respond for us doing great products and we feel really great about what we introduced last week. We also know that the deeper the Apps go in the enterprise, the more it opens up avenues in enterprise and that's a key part of the IBM partnership and what I think customers will get out of that, which is more important than our selling is changing the right people who work. And so I see catalyst going forward. There are obvious cannibalization; things that are occurring. I'm sure that some people looked at the Mac and iPad and decided on a Mac. I don’t have research to demonstrate that, but I am sure that will be just looking at the numbers and I am fine with that by the way. I am sure that some people will look at an iPad and an iPhone and decide just to get an iPhone and I'm fine with that as well. But over the long arc of time, my own judgment is that iPad has a great future, healthy individual 90-day clicks workout, I don’t know, But I'm very bullish on where we can take iPad over time and so we're continuing to invest in the product pipeline. We're continuing to invest in distribution. If you look at how we did in emerging markets like BRIC countries as an example, we were up 20% for the full year of '14. And so these numbers are impressive and obviously the BRIC countries are growing as a percentage of our total as is developing markets. And so, it looks a bit different geography to geography, and so that’s a long answer to your question, but I thought it was important for you to at least share my perspective and you can judge it as you will.
Tim Cook: Probably it says nothing about our expectation for the product. We didn't form those categories based on expectations. We looked at current revenue, today revenue, and decided that we would love everything that wasn’t a Mac, an iPad, or an iPhone or a service in one kind of category. In the future, we might decide something different, but for now, in Q1 we're not shipping any iPhone or excuse me, Apple Watches and so it seems appropriate to start it that way. And also to be also straight is I am not very anxious in reporting a lot of numbers on Apple Watch because of the -- and giving a lot of detail on it because our competitors are looking for it and so aggregating it is helpful from that point of view as well.
Tim Cook: I am incredibly optimistic about the future. We've already announced two new categories in the last 60 days or so or less than 60 days with Apple Pay and Apple Watch. So shipping the watch early next year and obviously we're working on other things as well and to the degree that I can keep that in the cone of silence, I am going to do it and so I am not sure what to say. I am not going to give any answer or anything. We look at a lot of different things and we're fortunate to have a lot of creative people here that want to change the world and have a lot of great ideas.
Tim Cook: Well for Apple if as an investor I would hope that people would look at what we've done and what we've delivered and the power and strength of the product line that we've announced and maybe more importantly then all the stuff that you see, is to look at the skills within this company. And the fact that I think it's the only company on the planet that has the ability to integrate hardware and software and services at a world-class level and that in itself allows Apple to play in so many different areas and so the challenge becomes one of deciding which ones to say no to and which ones to say yes to and want to focus not once -- not once do we have any great ideas and we always had more ideas than we have resources to deal with. And so I would look at that. I would look at what we talked about last week. Things like continuity and if you use your imagination and think about where that goes, there is no other company that can do this. Apple is the only one and I think this becomes so incredibly important moving forward for customers living in an environment where they're using multiple devices. And so I would look at the skills, the capabilities, the passion of the company and the creative engine has never been stronger. And I think you can see that from the Apple Watch, you can see that with Apple Pay. Apple Pay is a classic app for taking something that is incredibly old, outdated, kludgy. Everybody is focused on everything except for the customer and putting the customer at the center of the experience and making something very elegant. And so I would look at those things and when I look at those things, I would as an investor, I feel great, as a personal investor I feel great.
Tim Cook: That's a good question. If you -- if you just -- if you look at Greater China Q4 of '14 compared to Q4 of '13, the obvious difference is that we launched the 5s in Q4 of '13 and in this year, we didn't have a new product launch. We were launching in this quarter in Q1 of '15. The second thing that's not as apparent probably, but is more related to that is that last year we increased our channel inventory by $1.3 million. This year, we actually decreased it slightly. And so you have a compounded effect of their launch and a huge change in channel inventory on a year-over-year basis. So the way that I assess the strength of the market is I look at unit sell-through and to share with you what it was in Greater China, iPhone unit sell through despite no launch in Q4 was up 32% year-over-year. The market was projected by IDC to only grow 13%. So we feel incredibly great about that. Macs were up 54% year-over-year and that's against the IDC's estimate of the market contraction in China of 7% and so those are two stalwarts that were really driving results and so the underlying results look totally different than the reported results because of the channel inventory kind of differences. The App Store in China is also doing great. The growth there is phenomenal. iPad concreted some during the quarter, but for the full year we did grow -- we were up 9% year-over-year for the full year and so I see lots of positives. As you know China is on the early stages of their huge 4G rollout.
Tim Cook: And this weekend -- this past weekend we launched it with China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom. This was the first time we've launched a new iPhone with all three carriers and we've done it at the early stages of the 4G rollout and so I am incredibly bullish over it. In terms of subsidies there are regulatory pressures on subsidies. We have -- we've seen that. However, only 20% of the iPhones that we've been selling in China have had a traditional subsidy applied to it and so the vast majority don't. And so will it make a difference with that 20%, I don't know yet. Intuitively you were thinking, it would, but it's at least a percentage of a 20% instead of a percentage of 100%. And so when I look at China, I see an enormous market where there are more people graduating into the middle class than any nation on earth in history and just an incredible market where people brought the latest technology and products that we were providing. And so we're investing like crazy in the market. We're more than doubling our stores. We've got 15 in Greater China today. We're going to be close to 40 in the next couple of years. We've expanded our online store to cover now 315 cities in China. The revenue results for Q4 were up more than double the previous year. The App Store is growing. Chinese developers have now created a 150,000 apps -- of the apps on the App Store and so I see lots of very, very positive factors there and I couldn’t be more excited.
Tim Cook: For iPhone I really have it by model from the June quarter and as I had mentioned before, the highest percentage is the 4s buyer in China over 80% of the people were buying their first iPhone. And for a 5s in China, 50% were and so I think what that says. Those numbers are so high, the 80 that I think are great -- my gut tells me, a great percentage of 6 and 6 Plus buyers will eventually -- a great percentage of those will be new to iPhone. That's what I would predict.
Luca Maestri: Yeah. Definitely, Shannon. As you know, the U.S. dollar has strengthened quite significantly against most currencies in recent weeks. When we looked at our Q4 results actually the impact was fairly limited combination of the hedging program and the fact that the dollar really strengthened towards the very end of the quarter. Not much impact in Q4. It is becoming a significant headwind in Q1 both on a year-over-year basis and on a sequential basis. As I said before, we have reflected the new FX situation at current levels into our guidance that we provided for both revenue and gross margins. And it's a fact of life if the U.S. dollar strengthens, that creates a headwind for us both in revenue and margins for our business outside the United States. As you know, we have a comprehensive hedging program in place that mitigates the impact of foreign exchange. Over time, of course, these hedges roll off and get replaced by new hedges at new spot levels, and so the protection that you get from hedging program is temporary. But again, the guidance that we provided fully reflects that current situation in the FX markets.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Bill let me start with put and takes of margins for Q1. I would say that on the positive we are so pleased with the launch of new phones you might have seen phenomenal. So we think we're going to be getting favorable impact from iPhone mix. Of course, we're also going to be getting some positive leverage from the higher revenues that we guided to and we continue to see fairly favorable commodity environment. So these are the things that are on the positive side. On the negative side I've talked about FX. Obviously we have launched a lot of new products even in the last six weeks and we've got transition costs as we move from current products to new products and that tends to be a headwind. And every time we launch new products, we make them better and what that means is that our cost structures tend to go up when we produce new products. We have a very good track record of taking those cost structures down over time and so when you take the positives and negatives that I have just mentioned that is what gives us the guidance that we just provided.
Luca Maestri: Katy, it's you know I said that there's headwinds from foreign exchange are going to be significant. So -- and I would tell you that they are more significant when you look at it from a year-over-year basis that it is on a sequential basis because clearly the dollar has been strengthening for quite a while particularly against certain currencies like the Yen or the Canadian dollar a lot of the emerging market currencies. So it's again impact and that's the reason why we wanted to call it out.
Luca Maestri: No, we price our products in a way that is in general reflective of pricing here in the United States and it's a pricing that we want to keep in place for reasonable periods of time. We do not like to make sudden changes to our pricing.
Luca Maestri: Yes Toni. So, on a sequential basis our ASPs for iPhone were up $42. And as you said correctly the reason for the increase was a higher mix of the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. There was a partial offset in the quarter from the transition cost that we incurred typically when we moved to a new product. Going forward obviously, the percentage of new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will increase sequentially as we are going to have the full quarter available to us and it's correct that iPhone 6 Plus is supply constrained right now.
Luca Maestri: Yes, and you know pretty much what our product cadence is and what it's been in the past and you know that the holiday season is a period where we have significant product events and we're not providing any guidance for the March quarter. And also keep in mind Gene if you're trying to extrapolate gross margins into the future, there are so many factors that affect gross margin over time and it's not only transition cost, but its product mix, its foreign exchange, its commodity markets.
