Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah, Katy, thanks for your question. This is Tim. On the services side, we're thrilled with the results. They were very broad based. We had double digit services growth in all of the geographic segments and the App Store, AppleCare, Apple Music, cloud services, Apple Pay all set new June quarter records and of course subscriptions have now passed the 300 million, as I'd mentioned before, and so we couldn't be happier with how things are going. In terms of the next leg of this, given the momentum that we're seeing across the board, we feel great about our current services, but obviously we're also thrilled about our pipeline that have some new services in it as well. And so with the combination of these, we feel great about hitting our objectives and maybe even doing a little better.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah, Shannon, we feel great about the results on iPhone, up 20%, and if you look for the cycle, by the cycle, I mean Q1, Q2 and Q3, we've had on an average weekly basis, growth in units of sort of mid single digit and ASP growth of double digit. And so if you, and look at iPhone X in particular, it's the most innovative smartphone on the market. We priced it at a level that represented the value of it and we could not be happier that it has been the top selling iPhone since the launch, and so we feel terrific about iPhone X. If you look at the sort of the top of our line together, and by that I mean the iPhone X, the 8 and the 8 Plus, they are growing very nicely, as you can probably tell from looking at the ASP and we couldn't be happier with how that's gone. And so I think in this cycle, we've learned that customers want innovative products and we sort of already knew that in other cycles and other points in times, but it just puts an exclamation point by that I believe with looking at the results. At the unit level, the iPhone SE had a difficult comp to the year-ago quarter and so, when we changed some of the configurations, memory configurations in the year-ago quarter. If you look at it on a geographic basis, the top three selling phones in urban China were iPhone, where iPhone X was number one and has been for a couple of quarters, and iPhones make up three of the top five smartphones in the U.S., UK and Japan. And so it's difficult sometimes to get a read over exactly what's happening in the market, but given the industry numbers that we've seen, it's clear that we picked up global market share and picked up market share in several countries, not only iPhone, but iPad as well.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah, it's a good question. Thank you. This is the fourth consecutive quarter that we've had double digit growth in Greater China. I mentioned how iPhone X and the iPhones are selling. We did pick up share in iPhone and iPad, but if you look more holistically at our complete line, we had double digit growth from services to iPad to iPhone and to our other product category which the watch did extremely well, and so there are lots of good things happening there. In terms of the tariffs themselves, maybe I could sort of take a step back because I'm sure some people have questions on this. And our view on tariffs is that they show up as a tax on the consumer and wind up resulting in lower economic growth and sometimes can bring about significant risk of unintended consequences. That said, the trade relationships and agreements that the U.S. has between the U.S. and other major economies are very complex and it's clear that several are in need of modernizing, but we think that in the vast majority of situations that tariffs are not the approach to doing that and so we're sort of encouraging dialogue and so forth. In terms of the tariffs that have been imposed or have exited the comment period – I think there's one that's exiting today – there have been three of those and maybe I can walk through those briefly just to make sure everybody is on the same page. The first was the U.S. imposed a tariff on steel and aluminum. That was many, many different countries. That started I believe at the beginning of June. There have been two other tariffs that have totaled about $50 billion of goods from China that have either been implemented or exiting the comment period in this month. I think the latest one is today. If you look at those three tariffs, none of our products were directly affected by the tariffs. There is a fourth tariff which includes goods valued at $200 billion, also focused on goods that are imported from China. That one is out for public comment. Probably like everyone else, we're evaluating that one and we'll be sharing our views of it with the administration and so forth before the comment period for that one ends. It's actually a tedious process in going through it because you not only have to analyze the revenue products, which are a bit more straightforward to analyze, but you also have to analyze the purchases that you're making through other companies that are not related to revenue. Maybe they're related to data centers and this sort of thing and so we're going through that now and we'll be sharing our results later on those and feeding back public comment. Of course the risk associated with more of a macroeconomic issue such as an economic slowdown in one or more countries or currency fluctuations that are related to tariffs is very difficult to quantify. And so that, and we're not even trying to quantify that, to be clear about it. All of this said, we're optimistic, as I've been the whole time, that this will get sorted out because there is an inescapable mutuality between the U.S. and China that sort of serves as a magnet to bring both countries together, that each country can only prosper if the other does and of course the world needs both U.S. and China to prosper for the world to do well. That said, I can't predict the future, but I am optimistic that the countries will get through this and we are hoping that calm heads prevail.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. We're very excited to work with Oprah. We think that her incomparable ability and talent to connect with audiences around the world, that there's sort of no match and we think that we can do some great original content together and so we could not be happier in working with Oprah. As you know, we hired two highly respected television executives last year and they have been here now for several months and have been working on a project that we're not really ready to share all the details of it yet, but I couldn't be more excited about what's going on there and we've got great talent in the area that we've sourced from different places and feel really good about what we will eventually offer. In terms of the sort of the key catalysts and the changes, the cord cutting in our view is only going to accelerate and probably accelerate at a much faster rate than is widely thought. We're seeing the things that we have on the periphery of this like Apple TV, units and revenue grew by very strong double digits, very, very strong double digits in Q3. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we're seeing different providers pick up the Apple TV and use it as their box to go to market with their subscription service. There are, within the 300 million-plus paid subscriptions, some of these are third party video subscriptions and we see the growth that is going on there. It's like 100% year-over-year. And so all the things from a – all the forcing functions here from the outside all point to dramatic changes speeding up in the content industry, and so we're really happy to be working on some of them, but we're just not ready to talk about it in depth today. In terms of Apple Music, we're well over 50 million listeners now when you add our paid subscribers and the folks in the trial, and so we're moving along at a very, very good rate. It appears to us or in what we've been told is that we took the leadership position in North America during the quarter and we have the leadership position in Japan, and so in some of the markets that we've been in for a long period of time. We're doing quite well, but really, the key thing in music is not the competition between companies that are providing music. It's the real challenge is to grow the market, because if you add everyone up that's providing subscription music today or streaming music, it's, outside of China, it's less than 200 million probably around the world. And so it does seem to me there's an extraordinary opportunity in that business to grow the market well and I think if we put our emphasis there, which we're doing, that will be a beneficiary of that as other people will as well. But I like where we are. Our revenues on Apple Music grew over 50% as I'd mentioned earlier during the quarter, and so some really, really strong results. Thanks for the question.
Timothy Donald Cook: I think the smartphone market is very healthy. I think it's actually the best market in the world to be in for someone that is in the business that we're in. It's an enormous sized market and whether it grows, from our point of view, whether it grows 1% or 2% or 5% or 6% or 10% or shrinks 1% or 2%, it's a great market because it's just huge. And so that's kind of the way that I view that. iPhone revenues are up 20% for the quarter over last year. We're really pleased with that and if you look at the sort of the cycle, which I'll define as Q1, Q2, Q3 for ease, you'll see that we've grown like mid single digits and on an average weekly sales point of view, and of course double digit on the ASP and so I think it's really healthy. In terms of replacement cycles, as I'd mentioned I think on a previous call, some replacement cycles are lengthening. I think that the major catalyst for that was probably the subsidy plans becoming a much smaller percentage of total sales around the world than they were at one time and so I think that some are lengthening. And, but I think for us, the thing that we always have to do is come out with a really great innovative product, and I think that iPhone X shows that when you deliver a great innovative product, there's enough people there that would like that and it can be a really good business, and so that's how to look at that. In terms of our installed base, which is something very important for us as it is one of the key drivers of services, our active installed base on iPhone grew double digits over last year during the quarter and so we're thrilled with that and you can see that carrying through to the services line and the growth that we had there. In terms of batteries, we have never done an analysis internally about how many people decided to get a lower-priced battery than buy another phone because it was never about that for us. It was always about doing something great for the user and I think if you treat the users and the customers well, then you have a good business over time and so that's how we'd look at that.
Timothy Donald Cook: I think the home business, Laura, is bigger than the HomePod and Apple TV. They're both important products clearly, but everybody has their iPhone at home as well and everybody has their Mac at home and everyone has their iPad at home. And so in terms of the Siri access point, as you can tell from the 100 billion number I quoted in the script, there's an extraordinary amount of usage of these products that are used to perform home-related functions. I do that every day with controlling all my home automation and so on and so forth. Part of that is on HomePod but part of it is with the Apple Watch and the iPhone and the iPad, and so I think home is important. Home is important. Work is important. The movement between the two are important. Health is important. So the smartphone has become the repository that goes across the whole of your life, not something that is just meant for a portion of it and so I think all of those are important and we're focused on all of them.
Timothy Donald Cook: A lot of people that buy Apple products buy for the whole ecosystem, even though they might not currently use all the different products. And so the way that I think about those products are they're products within the ecosystem itself. And there's the AirPods have really gone through the roof and the Apple Watch has hit an air pocket and has gone to a whole different level as I'd mentioned earlier with our overall wearables revenue. And so in my view, this is a part of the – they are a core part of the ecosystem.
Timothy Donald Cook: It is, well, but on your point though, it is clear from communications I've had with users that some of them were attracted to iPhone because of the Apple Watch.
Timothy Donald Cook: So the Apple Watch led them to the iPhone. The reverse of that is also true, is that somebody got the iPhone and then decided I really want something to coach me in fitness and to curate some of the communications and so forth like the watch does so well and so it's not always a linear path. I see these things as being somewhat fluid and different for each user.
