Timothy Cook: This is Tim, David. From a supply point of view, we did see disruption from early November through most of December. And from a supply chain point of view, we're now at a point where production is what we need it to be. And so the problem is behind us.  In terms of going forward in the supply chain, we build our products everywhere. There are component parts coming from many different countries in the world, and the final assembly coming from 3 countries in the world on just iPhone. And so we continue to optimize it. We'll continue to optimize it over time and change it to continue to improve.  I think when you sort of zoom out and back up from it, the last 3 years have been a pretty difficult time between COVID and silicon shortages and the like. And I think it's -- I think we have had a very resilient supply chain in the aggregate.  In terms of supply for this quarter, which I think was one of your points, I think we're in decent supply on most products for the quarter currently.
Timothy Cook: Shannon, last quarter, we declined by 7% on a reported basis, but we actually grew on a constant currency basis. And that was despite some significant -- the supply constraints that we talked about earlier. And obviously, the sort of the COVID restrictions throughout China that happened in various different places throughout the country also impacted the demand during the quarter.  When you look at the opening that started happening in December, we saw a marked change in traffic in our stores as compared to November. And that followed through to demand as well. And I don't want to get into January. We've obviously -- January is included in the guidance, or the color rather, that Luca provided earlier. But we did see a marked change from December compared to November.
Timothy Cook: Yes. The installed base is now over 2 billion active devices, as you mentioned. And we set records across each geographic segment and major product category. And so it was a broad-based change. Two -- I'll correct one thing you said, it's up over 150 million year-over-year. The last report we reported to be over 1.85. And so it's 150 million, which we're very proud of. We also saw strong double-digit in several of the emerging markets, which is very important to us. For example, India and Brazil as just 2 examples. So very, very strong. And obviously, it bodes well for the future.
Timothy Cook: Yes. Erik, I'll take that one as well. The channel inventory levels on iPhone, we obviously ended the December quarter below our target range given the supply challenges on iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. But as you think about this, keep in mind that a year ago, we also exited the December quarter below our target inventory range because of supply challenges in the year ago quarter. Not related -- not the same issue, but just as a point. And so that hopefully gives you some flavor of that.  In terms of what we're seeing in January, we've included in our color that Luca provided kind of our thinking. It's very hard to estimate the recapture because you have to know exactly what would have happened and how many people bought down. And it takes a while to get that -- to get those reports in during the quarter. And so we've made our best guess at it.  In terms of the sizing of the constraint in Q1, what we estimate, although not with precision, is that we would -- I thought we believe iPhone would have grown during the quarter had it not been for the supply shortages. So hopefully, that provides you a little bit of color.
Timothy Cook: Yes. It is a major focus of ours. It's incredible in terms of how it can enrich customers' lives. And you can look no further than some of the things that we announced in the fall with crash detection and fall detection or back a ways with ECG. I mean these things have literally saved people's lives. And so we see an enormous potential in this space to affect virtually everything we do. It's obviously a horizontal technology, not a vertical. And so it will affect every product and every service that we have.
Timothy Cook: It's very hard to estimate is the real answer because you have to know a lot of data, and it's usually only in hindsight that you have a more reasonable view of it. And so we put our best views in the color that Luca provided. That's kind of what I would say.
Timothy Cook: And looking at the business in India, we set a quarterly revenue record and grew very strong double digits year-over-year. And so we feel very good about how we performed, and that was -- that's despite the headwinds that we've talked about. Taking a step back, India is a hugely exciting market for us and is a major focus. We brought the online store there in 2020. We will soon bring Apple retail there. So we're putting a lot of emphasis on the market. There's been a lot done from a financing options and trade-ins to make products more affordable and give people more options to buy. And so there's a lot going on there.  We are, in essence, taking what we learned in China years ago and how we scale to China and bringing that to bear. And I don't have the exact market shares in front of me, but I think you would see that from a market share point of view that we grew around the world last quarter despite -- on iPhone despite the challenges that we've had on the supply side. And I wouldn't expect to have a difference in those 2 markets.
Timothy Cook: We have experience in that, but I wouldn't necessarily draw the same conclusion that you have in terms of the cost of the product. I -- we don't know at this point exactly what that will be, but we're all in, in terms of being the largest customer for TSMC in Arizona. I'm very proud to take part in that. That's what I would say about that.
Timothy Cook: The Pro has been a -- the 14 Pro and the 14 Pro Max have done extremely well up until the point where we had a supply shortage and couldn't provide them -- couldn't provide the total of the demand. And so it's definitely a strong Pro cycle. I think there's a number of reasons for that, but the most important one is always the product. And I think the innovations and the product speak for themselves. And we feel very good about the product that we announced back in September and are happy to now be at a point where we're shipping to the demand.
Timothy Cook: I wouldn't want to predict, but I would say that the smartphone for us, the iPhone has become so integral into people's lives. It contains their contacts and their health information and their banking information and their smart home and so many different parts of their lives, their payment vehicle and -- for many people. And so I think people are willing to really stretch to get the best they can afford in that category.
Timothy Cook: Yes. Jim, we actually did fairly well through COVID in India. And I'm even more bullish now on the other side of it, or hopefully, on the other side of it. And that's the reason why we're investing there. We're bringing retail there and bringing the online store there and putting a significant amount of energy there. I'm very bullish on India.
Timothy Cook: We think there were some impact across the products and in Services. Probably, the ones that we saw the most impact on were Mac and Wearables. You can see that in those numbers. And probably, the least would have been iPhone.
Timothy Cook: The industry is very challenged, as you say. It's -- the industry is contracting. I think from us, though, is -- and I don't know how this year will play out, so I don't want to predict the year. But over the long run, we have a market that is a reasonable-sized market, a big market. And we have low share, and we have a competitive advantage with Apple silicon. And so strategically, I think we're well positioned in the market, albeit I think it will be a little rough in the short term.
Luca Maestri: Shannon, yes, I mean, we've had good margin for the December quarter to start with. We reported 43%. Obviously, in December, we have the benefit of leverage because of the seasonality of the business, but we also had favorable mix across the board.  Of course, foreign exchange is an issue right now. In the December quarter on a sequential basis, foreign exchange was a negative 110 basis points for us. And on a year-over-year basis, it's 300 basis points. So obviously, the FX environment has changed a lot during the last 12 months.  For March, yes, we've seen a margin expansion, 43.5% to 44.5%. We're doing a lot of work around cost, of course. Mix will continue to help, both within categories and services mix as we move away from the holiday season. But we're doing a lot of work on the cost structure, and that is paying off. Foreign exchange is still a negative, about 50 basis points sequentially, but it's mitigating. The last couple of weeks, the dollar has weakened a bit. And so hopefully, as we go through the year, hopefully, things will improve. But for now, as you correctly state, we are in a good position on margins.
Luca Maestri: Yes. Of course, with our guidance, we try to capture every aspect of our cost structure. And obviously, components are a big portion of that. So definitely, that's included. And keep in mind, again, that foreign exchange -- I mentioned earlier, I think to Shannon, that the sequential negative on FX is 50 basis points, versus a year ago, it's 270 basis points. Obviously, the U.S. dollar has moved a lot over the last 12 months. So obviously, we need to find offsets and more to the negative FX in order to be able to provide this kind of guidance. And so obviously, components are a big part of that.
Luca Maestri: Amit, there's a number of things, and I've mentioned a few of them during the call. The first step is always the installed base. Installed base is the engine for Services growth. And the fact that the installed base is growing very nicely, and it's growing in a lot of emerging markets, it's growing even faster, that gives us a larger addressable pool of customers. So that's incredibly important.  The second one is that we are seeing that the level of engagement of our customers already in our ecosystem continues to grow. We -- I mentioned that both transacting accounts and paid accounts grew double digits. And so that bodes very well for the future. And we have a lot of transacting accounts that kind of moved to paid accounts over time.  The other aspect that is very important for us is to continue constantly to improve the reach and the quality of our services. And I give the example of Apple Pay, which it's a great example because we started off primarily in the United States. Now we've taken it to 70 markets, millions of merchants. And so obviously, payment services are -- continue to set new highs all the time for us.  And then as you've seen over the last few years, we also launched new services over time, and that obviously contributes to the growth. We're very excited. And when we look at the behavior of our installed base, we think it's very promising for the continued growth of our Services business.
Luca Maestri: Wamsi, it's Luca. Yes, of course, we keep track of that. It's really important for us. Over the last 7 years, as we doubled the installed base, we've seen a growing engagement of our customers on the platform. That happens, first of all, by customers transacting on the platform and then moving to paid accounts. So starting to pay for some of the services. That percentage of paid accounts tends to grow over time. We've seen it in developed markets. We see it in emerging markets. And that is due to some of the reasons that I was explaining earlier, including the fact that we made it easier for our customers to get engaged on the platform. For example, we offer multiple payment methods in many countries. And we've made it easier to explore for more services because we've added a lot of services on the platform over the last 7 years. So to your question, of course, higher engagement means a higher percentage of paid accounts over time.
Luca Maestri: It was -- Jim, it's Luca. It's primarily the -- this level of engagement we saw, which then reflects into the, as you said, the paid subscriptions. We saw very good results in our cloud services business in payment services. Music was very strong. So we had a number of categories that set new records, all-time records. And they did a bit better than we were expecting at the beginning of the quarter.  And so Tim mentioned that during, I think, his prepared remarks that when you look at it in constant currency, we grew services double digits. And that was on top of a 24% increase a year ago. So it's very sustained growth that we're seeing.
