Luca Maestri: Hey, Mike. It's Luca. On the outlook, what we said is we expect to grow low-single-digits in total for the company. We expect services to grow double-digits at a rate that is similar to what we've done in the first-half of our fiscal year. And we've also mentioned that iPad should grow double-digits. This is the color that we're providing for the June quarter. In services, we've seen a very strong performance across the board. We've mentioned, we've had records in several categories, in several geographic segments. It's very broad based, our subscription business is going well. Transacting accounts and paid accounts are growing double-digits. And also we've seen a really strong performance both in developed and emerging markets. So very pleased with the way the services business is going.
Luca Maestri: Yes. We are obviously very excited about the opportunity with Gen AI. We obviously are pushing very hard on innovation on every front and we've been doing that for many, many years. Just during the last five years, we spent more than a $100 billion in research and development. As you know, on the CapEx front, we have a bit of a hybrid model where we make some of the investments ourselves. In other cases, we share them with our suppliers and partners on the manufacturing side, we purchased some of the tools and manufacturing equipment. In some of the cases, our suppliers make the investment. On the -- and we do something similar on the data center side. We have our own data center capacity and then we use capacity from third parties. It's a model that has worked well for us historically and we plan to continue along the same lines going forward.
Luca Maestri: On a sequential basis, yes, we were down. It's primarily the fact that we had a slightly different mix of products than the previous one. Obviously, leverage plays a big role as we move from the holiday quarter into the -- into, you know, a more typical quarter. So I would say primarily leverage in a different mix of products. I mean, we haven't seen anything different in terms within the product categories, we haven't seen anything particular.
Luca Maestri: Yes. I mean during the last quarter, commodity costs, and in general, component costs have behaved favorably to us. On the memory front, prices are starting to go up. They've gone up slightly during the March quarter. But in general, I think it's been a period not only this quarter, but the last several quarters where, you know, commodities have behaved well for us. Commodities going cycles and so there's obviously always that possibility. Keep in mind that we are starting from a very high level of gross margins. We reported 46.6%, which is something that we haven't seen in our company in decades. And so we're starting from a good point. As you know, we try to buy ahead when the cycles are favorable to us. And so we will try to mitigate if there are headwinds. But in general, we feel particularly for this cycle, we are in good shape.
Luca Maestri: I'm not sure I fully understand the question, but in general, what we are seeing on the product side, we continued to see a lot of interest at the top of the range of our products. And I think it's a combination of consumers wanting to purchase the best product that we offer in the different categories and our ability to make those purchases more affordable over time. We've introduced several financing solutions from installment plans to trading programs that reduce the affordability threshold and therefore, customers tend to buy -- want to buy at the top of the range that is very valuable for us in developed markets, but particularly in emerging markets where the affordability issues are more pronounced. But in general, over the last several years and that is also reflected in our gross margins, over the last several years, we've seen this trend, which we think is pretty sustainable.
Luca Maestri: Hey, Amit. This is Luca. I would say one step at a time, we have put out this target of getting to net cash-neutral several years ago and we're working very hard to get there. Our free cash flow generation has been very strong over the years, particularly in the last few years. And so as you've seen this year, we've increased the amount that we're allocating to the buyback. For the last couple of years, we were doing $90 billion, now we're doing $110 billion. So let's get there first. It's going to take a while still. And then when we are there, we're going to reassess and see what is the optimal capital structure for the company at that point in time. Obviously, there's going to be a number of considerations that we will need to look at when we get there.
Luca Maestri: Yes, David, on the outlook, I'll only repeat what we said before, and this is the color that we're providing for the quarter. We do expect to grow in total, low-single-digits. And we do expect services to grow double-digits, and we expect iPad to grow double-digits for the rest. I'll let you make assumptions and then we will report three months from now.
Luca Maestri: So a number of things on services. First of all, the overall performance was very strong. As I said earlier, all-time records in both developed and emerging markets. So we see our services do well across the world. Records in many of our services categories. There are some categories that are growing very fast also because they are relatively smaller in the scheme of our services business like cloud, video, payment services. You know, those all set all-time revenue records. And so we feel very good about the progress that we're making in services. As we go forward, I'll just point out that if you look at our growth rates a year ago, they improved during the course of the fiscal year last year. So the comps for the services business become a bit more challenging as we go through the year. But in general, as I mentioned, we still expect to grow double-digits in the June quarter at a rate that is very similar to what we've done in the first half.
Luca Maestri: I think, Richard, you're asking a really interesting question. We were looking at something similar recently. Obviously, China is by far the largest emerging market that we have. But when we started looking at places like India, like Saudi, like Mexico, Turkey, of course, Brazil and Mexico and Indonesia, the numbers are getting large, and we're very happy because these are markets where our market share is low, the populations are large and growing. And our products are really making a lot of progress with the -- in those markets. The level of excitement for the brand is very high. Tim was in Southeast Asia recently, and the level of excitement is incredibly high. So it is very good for us. And then -- and certainly, the numbers are getting larger all the time. And so the gap as you compare it to the numbers in China is reducing, and hopefully, that trajectory continues for a long time.
Luca Maestri: And if I can add to Tim's comments, Richard, one of the things that when you look over the long arc of time that maybe is not fully understood is that we've gone through a long period of very strong dollar. And what that means given that our company sells more than 60% of our revenue is outside the United States. The demand for our products in those markets is stronger than the results that we report just because of the translation of those local currencies into dollars, right? And so that is something to keep in mind as you look at our results, right? And so we are making all the investments that are needed and Tim has talked about innovation. Obviously, we made a lot of progress with financing solutions, with trading programs and so on, and we will continue to make all those investments.
Luca Maestri: Yes, we provide guidance just for the current quarter. So I'll tell you about the, you know, the guidance. We're guiding to again to a very high level of gross margins, 45.5% to 46.5%. Within that guidance, we expect memory to be a slight headwind, not a very large one, but a slight headwind. And the same applies for foreign exchange. Foreign exchange will have a negative impact sequentially of about 30 basis points.
Tim Cook: It's really too early to answer the question. We just implemented in March, as you probably know, in the European Union, the alternate app stores and alternate billing, et cetera. So we're focused on complying while mitigating the impacts to user privacy and security that you mentioned. And so that's our focus.
Tim Cook: I don't want to get in front of our announcements, obviously. I would just say that we see Generative AI as a very key opportunity across our products. And we believe that we have advantages that set us apart there. And we'll be talking more about it in as we go through the weeks ahead.
Tim Cook: Yes, Ben, if you look at our results in Q2 for Greater China, we were down 8%. That's an acceleration from the previous quarter in Q1. And the primary driver of the acceleration was iPhone. And if you then look at iPhone within Mainland China, we grew on a reported basis. That's before any kind of normalization for the supply disruption that we mentioned earlier. And if you look at the top-selling smartphones, the Top 2 in Urban China are iPhones. And while I was there, it was a great visit and we opened a new store in Shanghai and the reception was very warm and highly energetic, and so I left there having a fantastic trip and enjoyed being there. And so I maintain a great view of China in the long-term. I don't know how each and every quarter goes and each and every week. But over the long haul, I have a very positive viewpoint.
Tim Cook: I think AI, Generative AI and AI, both are big opportunities for us across our products. And we'll talk more about it in the coming weeks. I think there are numerous ways there that are great for us. And we think that we're well-positioned.
Tim Cook: Our focus on enterprise has been and you know through the quarter and the quarters that preceded it on selling iPhones and iPads and Macs and we recently added Vision Pro to that. And we're thrilled with what we see there in terms of interest from big companies buying some to explore ways they can use it. And so I see enormous opportunity in the enterprise. I wouldn't want to cabin that to AI only. I think there's a great opportunity for us around the world in the enterprise.
Tim Cook: Yes, I can only tell you what we're seeing. And so I don't want to present myself as a economist. So I'll steer clear of that. From what we saw was an acceleration from Q1, and it was driven by iPhone and iPhone in Mainland China before we adjust for this $5 billion impact that we talked about earlier did grow. That means the other products didn't fare as well. And so we clearly have work there to do. I think it has been and is through last quarter, the most competitive market in the world. And I -- so I, you know, wouldn't say anything other than that. I've said that before, and I believe that it was last quarter as well. And -- but if you step back from the 90-day cycle, what I see is a lot of people moving into the middle class, a -- we try to serve customers very well there and have a lot of happy customers and you can kind of see that in the latest store opening over there. And so I continue to feel very optimistic.
Tim Cook: I do see a key opportunity, as I've mentioned before with Generative AI with all of our devices or the vast majority of our devices. And so I think that if you look out that that's not within the next quarter or so and we don't guide at the product level, but I'm extremely optimistic. And so that -- that's kind of how I view it. In terms of the -- I'll let Luca comment on the outlook portion of it. I think if you step back on iPhone though and you make this adjustment from the previous year, our Q2 results would be flattish on iPhone. And so that's how we performed in Q2.
Tim Cook: Sure. We did grow strong double-digit. And so we were very, very pleased about it. It was a new March quarter revenue record for us. As you know, as I've said before, I see it as an incredibly exciting market and it's a major focus for us. In terms of the operational side or supply chain side, we are producing there, from a pragmatic point of view, you need to produce there to be competitive. And so yes, there the two things are linked from that point of view. But we have both operational things going on and we have go-to-market, and initiatives going on. We just opened a couple of stores as last year, as you know, and we see enormous opportunity there. We're continuing to expand our channels, and also working on the developer ecosystem as well. And we've been very pleased that there is a rapidly-growing base of developers there. And so, we're working all of the entire ecosystem from developer to the market to operations, the whole thing. And I just -- I could not be more excited and enthusiastic about it.
Tim Cook: I can't address the data points. I can only address what our results are. And we did accelerate last quarter, and the iPhone grew in Mainland China. So that's what the results were. I can't bridge to numbers we didn't come up with.
Tim Cook: Sure. The -- for the March quarter, we decreased channel inventory during the quarter. We usually decreased channel inventory during the Q2 timeframe. So that's not unusual. And we're very comfortable with the overall channel inventory.
Tim Cook: I think innovation spurs the upgrade cycle, and as one thing, of course, there's economic factors as well that play in there. And what kind of offerings there are from our carrier partners and so forth. And so there's a number of variables in there. But we work all of those, and you know, we price our products for the value that we're delivering. And so that's how we look at it.
Tim Cook: Yes, the great thing is, I'm hearing about so many of them. I wouldn't say that one has emerged as the top, right now. The most impressive thing is that similar to the way people use a Mac, you use it for everything. People are using it for many different things in enterprise, and that varies from field service to training to healthcare related things like preparing a doctor for pre-op surgery or advanced imaging. And so the -- it commands control centers. And so it's an enormous number of different verticals. And you know our focus is on -- is growing that ecosystem and getting more apps and more and more enterprises engaged. And the event that we had recently, I can't overstate the enthusiasm in the room. It was extraordinary. And so we're off to a good start, I think, with the enterprise.
