Katy Huberty: Yes. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter. A couple of macro-related questions, just given everything that's going on in the market, the first is on how you're thinking about consumer spending, as we see more stock market volatility, rising interest rates, inflation. What metrics are you watching either internal to your business or external at the macro level to understand whether you'll ultimately start to see some demand impact particularly on the product side of your business? And then, I have a follow-up.
Katy Huberty: Okay. And as it relates to that in China, how should we think about lockdowns from an impact on supply and an impact on demand? And what products in your portfolio should we expect to be most impacted? Thank you.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Pretty amazing how the team has navigated all the cross currents. Congrats again on the quarter.
Tim Cook: Katy, hi, it's Tim. We're obviously monitoring our daily sales very closely. From an inflation point of view, we are seeing inflation. It is or was evident in our gross margin last quarter and in our OpEx last quarter and it is assumed in the guidance that Luca gave for this quarter as well. So we're definitely seeing some level of inflation that I think everybody is seeing.
Tim Cook: Well we're monitoring that closely and we've sort of – but right now our main focus frankly speaking is on the supply side.
Tim Cook: Yes. Good question. For Q2 so the quarter that we just finished, the restrictions in China had not started yet. And so Q2, we did have supply constraints. They were significantly lower than what we had experienced during the December quarter. They were driven by industry-wide silicon shortages. And specifically, the issue that I talked about on previous calls with the legacy nodes. But looking ahead, we see two causes of supply constraints. One is the COVID-related disruptions; and there's the industry-wide silicon shortages that will continue. We've estimated the constraints to be in the range of $4 billion to $8 billion. And if you – these constraints are primarily centered around the Shanghai corridor. And the – on a positive front, almost all of the affected final assembly factories have now restarted. And so the range – the $4 billion to $8 billion range reflects various ramps of getting back up and running. We're also encouraged that the COVID case count that's been reported in Shanghai has decreased over the last few days. And so there's – there's some reason for optimism there.
Tim Cook: It will affect most of the product categories. And in terms of whether it's -- whether we can recapture or not we believe that there's a percentage of it that is recapturable and a percentage of it that is likely not where somebody needs something quickly. And that ratio or that percentage is very difficult to estimate. We obviously, try to do that internally in order to demand plan but it's not something that we share. 
Tim Cook: Yes. Chris it's hard to answer a question about unannounced products. And so I'll try to not do that. But the—
Tim Cook: The $4 billion to $8 billion is simply as I had mentioned that if you look at the Shanghai corridor -- we have some final assembly plants in this area. And almost all of them have restarted as the good news of it working with local officials. But we planned various ramps for these. And that's the range of 4% to 8% that we've estimated. Kobi is difficult to predict. For sure for sure. 
Tim Cook: Well, some of what you said is in the results for the last quarter that we've announced. And obviously we've put our current thinking in the current quarter guidance that Luca listed earlier. There are component costs that are falling and ones that are rising. And so not all of them are moving in the same direction. And so we really try to manage to the net of these. And I think we're doing a reasonable job currently navigating the what is a challenging environment.
Tim Cook: It will affect most of the product categories. And we obviously will look to do any kind of optimization that we can do to minimize the effect on the user.
Tim Cook: We were happy with the iPhone growth last quarter, particularly when you think about the comp that it was going against because we had very different timing on the launches in the year ago quarter where we launched in Q1. And therefore naturally Q2 is at a different place on the new product curve. And so, it was a very difficult comp. And so we were pleased with it. And as Luca said, the Americas geography did quite well last quarter. And the US, of course, is the major geography within there. And so the US was quite strong last quarter.
Tim Cook: Well, I'm looking forward to that day as I know all of you are. Our supply chain is truly global. And so the products are made everywhere. And we do a lot in the U.S. We'll probably be doing even more here as more chips are produced here. And we continue to look at optimizing. We learn something every day and make changes. But when you back up and kind of zoom out and look to see how the supply chain has done within the environment that you eloquently talked about, I think it's been very resilient with -- the top issue we've had clearly is the silicon shortage that I think everybody is struggling with. And I think we've done a really good job of managing through the COVID piece of it. And so -- but we are learning and we're making some changes as we go, we don't have a tenure. And so, to the degree that we learn something that we should change, you can bet that we're doing that. In this business you don't want to hold a ton of inventory. And so you want to work on cycle times and so forth to do things very quickly and take strategic inventory in places where you need to buffer for interruptions and so forth. And so we're constantly thinking about where those places are. In today's world it's not really possible for us to have buffer on silicon. And so, today silicon rolls off the fab and it's into a final assembly plant very, very quickly and we try to make that as short a time as possible.
Tim Cook: Yeah. I wouldn't – you're talking about for the silicon shortage in particular I assume. I don't want to predict that, because the – that entails knowing how worldwide demand and supply are for the whole – for industries outside of even the industry we're in. And I don't proclaim to be an expert in that. That also heavily is influenced by how strong the economies are in the different markets. And so I think there are varying levels of outcomes. And what we're focused on is doing – trying to do very well regardless of how that question is answered.
Tim Cook: Yeah. We don't get to that level of granularity because we view it to be sensitive data that our competitors would love to have. And so I'm going to punt on answering that question. I would just say that, when you zoom out and look at iPhone, as a total we could not be happier with the iPhone 13 family of products and the strength we've seen for this cycle. And really, it's those products that have powered the line and given us the overall results that we've had on iPhone, which for the first half the revenues were $120 billion and we feel very, very good about those results. 
Tim Cook: We're always looking and we continue to look. But we would only acquire something that were strategic. We acquire a lot of smaller companies today and we'll continue to do that for IP and for great talent. And -- but we don't discount doing something larger either if the opportunity presents itself. And so -- but I don't want to go through my list with you on the phone, but we're always looking.
Tim Cook: Well, we're working hard. We've got lots of customers that we want to get the new Macs too. And so we're working hard on them. They are a result of the combination of the COVID disruptions and the silicon shortage that we've talked about before. And when we might remedy that, I don't -- we're not really forecasting when we can be out of the silicon shortage, so that would be a difficult answer. I think the COVID piece of it I hope is a transitory kind of issue. And so I would hope that it would get better over time.
Tim Cook: Ben, you brought up freight. Freight is a huge challenge in today both from an inflationary point of view and from an availability point of view. And so right now the focus is on moving the freight to customers any way that we can do that. Over time, we'll do that much more efficiently. And I would hope that the fundamental rates reset some both -- and I'm talking about both ocean and air. And so both of them have come under some significant inflationary pressure partly due to COVID and some other reasons as well I would guess. And in terms of geo production we are constantly making tweaks here and there. And I don't want to go into the details of those because we view it as to be sensitive kind of information, but we're constantly making moves to optimize in the current environment. 
Luca Maestri: So Amit, as you said in the Americas, we had a very strong quarter up 19% very happy across the board there. Europe, again was a really good quarter for us. We grew 5% in spite of the fact that of course as you know during the month of March, we paused our sales in Russia. So we had an impact to our sales results there for a month of the quarter. But a number of European countries particularly in Western Europe did really-really well for us. And so it was a very good quarter for us pretty much in line with our expectations. Americas was better than our expectations. China was again a March quarter record for us. Keep in mind and this affected every geographic segment for us the different launch timing for the iPhone this year versus a year ago had an impact on the March quarter results because we launched the product later a year ago than we did this year. So some of the channel fill for the new products happened during the March quarter a year ago. Japan and Asia Pacific were affected by foreign exchange. Japan would have grown in line with company average in constant currency terms. Asia Pacific as well was affected by foreign exchange with the dollar appreciating against most currencies. And then again this difference in the launch timing for the iPhone made a difference. Keep in mind again the supply constraints that we had during the quarter our results would have been obviously better without the supply constraints. Overall we felt very good about the performance around the world. 
Luca Maestri: Well we feel really great about the momentum for our Services business. I was looking at the absolute numbers here. This run rate of almost $20 billion is essentially double what we had just four years ago. So we've done really, really well with Services. We have a lot of momentum for a variety of reasons. The first one is the fact that our installed base of active devices continues to grow very nicely. And so that is obviously a big engine for our Services business. The second thing is that the level of engagement that we see on our platform continues to grow. We have more transacting accounts, more paying accounts, more accounts with subscriptions. The absolute amount of paid subscriptions on our platform is pretty impressive 825 million. It's an increase of 165 million in the last 12 months alone. So you can tell that this is great growth. And of course, as you've seen over the last few years, we've added a lot of new services and we plan to add new services and new features that we believe that our customers would love. And so we think that's a great -- absolute great momentum. The growth rates can change a bit, especially during COVID because we've gone through some cycles of lockdowns and then reopenings and so on. And so sometimes the comps can be a bit deceiving. We are looking at it from the lens of continuing to satisfy our customers, adding to the portfolio, improving the quality of the services and that has served us very well, because in the last 12 months, we've generated $75 billion of Services revenue. And you've seen the margins are obviously accretive to company margin. So we feel good, we feel good about the Services business. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the growth rate for the June quarter, we expect it to be less than the 17% that we've reported in March for some of the reasons that I described. Of course, foreign exchange is an issue with the dollar being strong at this point. And of course we paused, our sales in Russia. So we need to take that into account. But in general, when we look across the board, we set all-time records and quarterly records for each one of our categories.
Luca Maestri: What has happened obviously during COVID has change over the quarters. Recently, for example during the March quarter, the constraints that we had were limited to silicon shortages. When we are giving out this range of $4 billion to $8 billion, it's not only silicon but it's the restrictions in China that we're seeing right now. So they are different. There's additional constraints at this point that we are seeing because of the COVID situation. So it's -- that is the fundamental difference there.
Luca Maestri: Yes, I think, it's early to tell. The restrictions in China started at the very end of March. So, it's very, very early to tell. 
Luca Maestri: Well, as we said, we're not guiding to a specific revenue number. And -- but just to repeat what I said during the prepared remarks, we're having supply constraints that are caused by the COVID-related disruptions and by the silicon shortages. And that is what is creating the constraints. We expect them to be in the range of $4 billion to $8 billion. This is substantially larger than what we've had during the March quarter. Again, let me repeat the COVID-related disruptions did not affect the March quarter. So you need to keep that in mind. With respect to foreign exchange, we expect it to be nearly 300 basis points headwind. It was about 200 basis points headwind during the March quarter. For Russia, we said that the impact on a year-over-year basis is approximately 150 basis points, that reflects the three months of the quarter. We paused sales in Russia at the beginning of March. So it was a partial impact on the March quarter. So, obviously, on a sequential basis, it's an incremental factor to keep in mind. I would say on the positive side here is that the demand for both our products and services is solid. Tim has mentioned a number of times the iPhone 13 family is having a really strong year. We -- when we look at top-selling smartphones around the world, we've had pretty incredible results during the March quarter. The top six models in the United States are iPhones, the top four in Japan, the top five in Australia, five of the top six in urban China and so on and so forth. So the iPhone 13 has been truly a global success. And as you know and as you can tell even from our website, most of the iPad and Mac models are constrained today. They've been constrained for several quarters, because the demand is very good for those products. And the Services business as you know is growing double digits. So that's what gives us confidence for the June quarter and going forward.
Luca Maestri: So Ben on the services side, of course, the vast majority of what we do in services is to final consumers. We do understand and appreciate the fact that the enterprise is a great opportunity for us. Very recently, for example, we launched this new subscription service here in the United States which we call Apple Business Essentials where essentially we provide support to small and medium-sized businesses in terms of 24/7 support device management for small business owners which we think small companies will value and appreciate. Obviously, we sell Apple Care to enterprises already today. But we know enterprise in general as a market is a very interesting market for us and we're putting a lot of effort and focus on it and we believe we have really good opportunities to grow. 
