Tim Cook: Sure, Shannon. We saw double-digit increases on a year-over-year basis on both the new to iPhone and upgraders. So -- and in fact, in the March quarter, there was actually a record number of upgraders for a March quarter. And so we like what we see. It's obviously the early days of 5G. Different countries are in different points. But penetration is still -- on a global level, is still low at this point. And so a lot of the 5G upgrades will be in front of us, not behind us. You see in China, things have moved quickly to 5G. They're moving quickly in the United States. But a lot of the other regions are slower to adopt and slower to gain coverage in 5G.
Tim Cook: Yes. We're clearly seeing strong performance in both the new to iPhone or the switcher component and upgraders as I'd mentioned before. And in fact, the upgrader was the best March quarter that we've ever had in -- and so that speaks to what you're seeing, I think, a lot. It's difficult with just this far into the cycle to make a statement about the cycle in general because keep in mind that we just launched midway through the Q1 period. And so, we've only been operating for 4.5 months or so. But clearly, we like what we see right now a lot. If you look at how the iPhone did around the world, we had the top five models of smartphone in the U.S., the top selling, the top two in urban China, four out of the top five in Japan, the top four in the U.K., and the top six in Australia. And so, it was sort of across the board in some really key countries, we did really, really well. I do think that the 5G cycle is important, and we're in the early days of it, frankly.
Tim Cook: If you sort of look at the different products, iPhone, I've already mentioned some of the great momentum that we had there. Keep in mind that the compare that we're running to would be the quarter, the Q2 of last year is the quarter that China would have entered a shutdown first and then the rest of the world entered the shutdown in middle part of March. And so part of the growth is compared -- is the comparison point. But that said, the results were fabulous across the board. The shortages that Luca spoke about in the color that he provided on the future, affect primarily the iPad and the Mac. And so we'll have some challenges in there, and challenges in meeting the demand that we've got. The demand feels very strong right now. Both on the Mac side, you have the combination of M1 and work from home and remote learning. And then iPad, you've got remote learning and work from home as well. And the product that we just announced is really killer, the iPad Pro with the M1 in it. And so there's a lot of great things of the strength of the product cycle in addition to the trends that we're seeing in the marketplace. And where this pandemic will end, it seems like many companies will be operating in a hybrid kind of mode. And so it would seem that work from home and the productivity of working from home will remain very critical. If you look at Wearables then, the watch had a fabulous quarter. And I still think we're in the early innings on the watch. The number of new -- people that are new to the watch is almost three out of four. And so this is a long way from being a mature market. And so -- and then the Services by itself has really accelerated. And so all in all, we feel very, very good.
Tim Cook: TV+ -- let me start with TV+. TV+ is going very well. As you know, the objective and the philosophy that we've had on TV+ is to create high-quality original content and to be one of the most desired platforms for storytellers. And I see that happening day by day as we sign more shows and more storytellers including Malala as I'd mentioned in my opening comments. To date, we've received -- the Apple originals have received 352 award nominations and had 98 wins. And this is from Oscar nominations to Indie awards to Critic Choice awards and all the rest. And we've got some shows that are -- have gotten significant buzz like Ted Lasso and The Morning Show and Defending Jacob and many others. And so we feel really good about where we are. We're not releasing subscriber numbers. But we feel good about where we are. In terms of other services and pricing, I don't have anything to announce today. We try to give the customer a great value. And we feel that we're doing that in the -- with the prices that we've got. And we'll see where we go from here.
Tim Cook: We don't predict going forward other than for our internal use. But we're really happy with the results.
Tim Cook: Most of our issue is on legacy nodes. And so on legacy nodes, there are many different people, not only in the same industry, but across other industries that are using legacy nodes. And so in order to really answer that question on -- accurately, we would need to know the true demand from each of these players and how that's going to change over the next few months. And so it's very, very difficult to give you good answer. I think we have a good handle on our demand. But what everybody else is doing, I don't know. And so we will do our best. That's what I can tell you.
Tim Cook: We did not have a material supply shortage in Q2. And so how are we able to do that? You wind up collapsing all of your buffers and offsets. And that happens all the way through the supply chain. And so that enables you to go a bit higher than what we were expecting to sell when we went into the quarter 90 days ago.
Tim Cook: Well, we don't predict a rev guide to product-level detail. We're not even guiding to the top level at this point because of COVID. And so I'll sidestep that question. But I would point to Luca's point earlier about the shortages and those shortages primarily affect iPad and Mac. So, we expect to be supply gated, not demand gated.
Tim Cook: We were very pleased with our performance in China. We set a March quarter revenue record and grew strong double digits across each of the product categories. And so the revenue growth was broad. We've been especially pleased by the customer response in China to the iPhone 12 family. And as I had mentioned earlier, you have to remember that China entered the shutdown phase earlier in Q2 of last year than other countries. And so they were relatively more affected in that quarter, and that has to be taken into account as you look at the results. As I mentioned earlier, we had the top two selling smartphones in urban China, so we're very proud of that. And iPad, Mac both had enormously positive quarters with great strength across the board. And we're seeing a strong reception to the new iPad Pro as a well that we just announced. A lot of great comments and about 2/3 of the people buying Mac and iPad were buying them for the first time. And so we're attracting some new customers in China, which is really important to us.
Tim Cook: I think with the regulatory questions and scrutiny, we have to make sure that we're telling our story and why we do what we do, and we're very focused on doing that. If we feel that more disclosure would help, we would obviously move in that direction. The App Store and other parts of Apple are not cast in concrete. And so we can move and are flexible with the times. For example, in the App Store, as you know, just a couple of quarters ago, we lowered the commission rate for small developers to 15%. So that was an example of moving with the times, and we've gotten a great, great reception to that. And so we continue to learn, and I think it's very important that we're very clear about why we do what we do. The idea behind curating the App Store in order to get the privacy and security that our customers want, I think is very important, and we have to convey that in a very straightforward manner.
Tim Cook: I think we get a lot of benefit from our stores when they're open and are fully operational. And we're in better shape for parts of Q2 than we were previously, but we're still operating with a limited operational model in many stores and there's still some stores today that are closed like stores in Michigan and stores in France and so forth. And so I think it will take some amount of time, but my view would be as the stores get back up to speed, fully up to speed, we should be able to increase some of the accessory sales. Although I think we're doing fairly well at the moment. So it's not something that we're not doing well. Online has been much more beneficial and much more productive than we would have guessed going into this.
Tim Cook: Our ATT's focus is really on the user and giving the user the ability to make a decision about whether they want to be tracked or not. And so it's putting the user in the control. Not Apple, not another company, but the user of where it should be. And so that's really the focus of it. And the feedback that we've gotten from users, both before it went live when it was in the planning stages and so forth and after, has been tremendous. And so we're really standing up on behalf of the consumer here.
Tim Cook: I don't even know the answer to that. It's not something that we would have predicted beforehand. And frankly, even if it's very low of people that don't want to be tracked, it's worth doing because of the -- those people should have the -- should make their own mind up, whether they would like to be tracked or not.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon. Yes, we did 42.5% during March, and we've guided to similar, slightly lower levels for June. So for March, we were up 270 basis points sequentially, really driven by three major factors. Cost savings, which has been good for us during the cycle. A really strong mix, a strong mix on iPhone, but in general, across all product categories, and that obviously was helpful. And foreign exchange sequentially, again, from December to March, was favorable 90 basis points. So that helped as well. So those are the three major factors there. As we transition into June, as you know, that we will expect some level of deleverage but that will be offset by cost savings. Foreign exchange doesn't have much of an impact as we go from March to June.
Luca Maestri: So Amit, -- our Services business did better than what we were expecting when we had the last call in January. It was stronger across the board. One of the things that we've noticed is that throughout COVID was that obviously digital services have done very well. And then we've had a couple of categories like Apple Care because many of the points of sale and stores were closed and advertising because of the reduced economic activity that were negatively affected during COVID. During the March quarter, we've seen a return to growth on Apple Care and obviously, we've reopened a lot of the stores during the course of the quarter. And advertising, obviously, consumer sentiment has improved and advertising is coming back. And so the combination of these factors really delivered this very, very strong performance during the March quarter. As we look ahead, as you know, we don't provide specific guidance for our product categories. But in general, I talked during our prepared remarks, I mean, there are a number of things that we always look at around the Services business, how many new paid accounts do we have, what number of new subscriptions do we get that -- above all, is our installed base continuing to grow? Are we adding new services? Are we improving the quality of the existing services? And so, when we look at all these fundamental vectors of our Services business, obviously we feel very good. We feel very good about it.
Luca Maestri: No. On -- as you think about the June quarter, Katy, I would point you to what we said in our prepared remarks around the two factors that will influence our normal seasonality, right? One is the fact that iPhone, we launched iPhone later than usual during this cycle. And so we reached supply-demand balance only during the March quarter, which makes obviously the sequential decline steeper than usual. And then this $3 billion or $4 billion of supply constraints that Tim just said, primarily on iPad and Mac. So as you look at your model and you obviously can look at our numbers that we've done in the past, I think you can try to gauge that. From a channel inventory standpoint, we did what we normally do during a March quarter. So we reduced inventory as it's typical on iPhone. We exited within our target range. So I would say that on the inventory side, it was pretty straightforward Obviously, given that the supply constraints are on the iPad and on the Mac, we wish we had more inventory of iPad and Mac. But this is all a function of high demand for all our products.
Luca Maestri: So when you look at our normal seasonality, and you've mentioned a percentage that is really an average of several years, what we're saying is that we believe that the sequential decline this year is going to be higher than that. And it's a combination of the two factors, right? One is the timing of the launch and then the very high demand for iPhone during the March quarter. And the $3 billion to $4 billion supply constraints that we mentioned. Yes, and the constraints come from the semiconductor shortages that are affecting many, many industries, and it's a combination of the shortages as well as the very, very high level of demand that we are seeing for both iPad and Mac. For Mac, for example, if you just -- just to keep it into context, the last three quarters of Mac have been the best three quarters ever in the history of the product, right? So we are experiencing an incredible level of demand, which certainly is favored by working from home and learning from home environment, but also by the incredible amount of new products and innovation that we put into the products that we launched during the last couple of quarters.
Luca Maestri: Samik, I'll take that one. You're right. I mean we had great performance in Europe. We grew 56% during the quarter. And it was probably one of the geos where we actually saw results that were better than even our own expectations. We grew very strong double digits across the board, every product category. Particularly, I would say, iPad and Mac, they really was very, very strong. Again, obviously, Europe has been affected by lockdowns. More than most parts of the world, the lockdowns have lasted longer than here in the United States, for example. Tim was mentioning there are places in Europe still today where our stores are closed. And fortunately, we have a very strong online business that has really helped us. But working from home, learning from home, limited entertainment options, that has all played in our favor. Keep in mind that our Europe segment is a very broad version of Europe because it includes Western Europe, which has done very, very well. And then Eastern Europe and it goes into the Middle East. Even India is part of Europe. And those emerging markets have done incredibly well, significantly better than company average. So very, very pleased with some of the results in India, for example, Russia, Middle East in general. So it's been very broad, both across product categories and across countries in Europe.
Luca Maestri: If you remember, we announced back in 2018 that we were making a very sizable commitment to the United States. We -- at the time we announced $350 billion of investment over the following five years. And during these three years, since then, we've overachieved on those commitments, and we felt it was the right time to update these type of investments. And they span from, obviously, the investment that we made directly at Apple. For example, we talked about the creation of 20,000 new jobs at Apple over the next five years in the United States. And of course, our business has grown. And so our commitment, for example, to U.S. suppliers grows over time, and that shows in the higher numbers. In the meantime, we've got into new businesses, for example, Apple TV+, a lot of the content that we developed for our TV service is produced here in the United States. And so that's additional investment here in the United States. From an OpEx standpoint, I think as you've seen this year, we're getting a lot of leverage. This is one of those years we said many times, sometimes our OpEx grows faster than revenue, and there are some other cycles where the opposite happens. We are growing revenue this year much faster than our OpEx increase. But we want to continue to make all the necessary investments into the business. We will never under invest in our business. And so you will continue to see the fact that we -- we will continue to grow our operating expenses, particularly on the R&D side, which continues to be the core of the Company.
