Nancy Paxton: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and he'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. And after that, we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you very much for the kind remarks, Luca. It's obviously been a great privilege for me to engage with so many investors and analysts on behalf of Apple over the last couple of decades, and of course it's been an extreme pleasure to work alongside with some of the brilliant people here at Apple on a day to day basis. But let's get to the business at hand for the 93rd time, and open the call to questions. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have the first question please.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you. Samik. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And the numbers to the telephone replay are 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 433-1479. These replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Tejas Gala or me with additional questions. Tejas is at 669-227-2402, and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.
Tim Cook: Katy, it's Tim. We are very thrilled with what we're seeing in early going on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro and Pro Max. It's early but the trends look very good. So I don't want to make a long-range forecast here. We've put our current thinking in the guidance and you can tell from the guidance we are bullish.
Tim Cook: Michael, it's Tim. The Wearables have done extremely well. It was acceleration further from the previous quarter. So we're thrilled with the results as to what's driving it it's the totality that's driving it. For some people it's about fitness; for some people, it's about health; for some other people, it's about communication; and for some people, it's all of the above. And I think the new feature of Always-On on Series 5 is a game changer for many of our users. And in terms of other health-related things that we have going, we will be continuing to build out our health records connection into the health app, really democratizes the information about people's health, and so they can easily go from doctor to doctor. We've got the research going that I had mentioned earlier, there will be more of those through time, and obviously we've got things that we're not going to talk about just yet that we're working on. But as I've said before, my view is there will be a day in the future that we look back, and Apple's greatest contribution will be to people's health.
Tim Cook: Yes, it's a gift to our users, and from a business point of view, we'd like to -- we're really proud of the content. We'd like as many people as possible to view it. And so this allows us to focus on maximizing subscribers, particularly in the early going. And so we are - we feel great about doing that. I think it's a bold move. And the price also for those people that are not buying a device in the period of time that we offer this, the price is very aggressive as well. You think - think about the quality of content that you get for 499, and it's amazing. It is amazing.
Tim Cook: I think, we have opportunities, Amit, in both the growth of the installed base as Luca mentioned in his comments, we continue to grow across every category, hit new highs in the last quarter and we hit new highs in all of our top 20 markets. And so the installed base is clearly a piece of it getting the trade-in program going, and the secondary market moving has been helpful in that as well. And, of course, ultimately the thing that builds the installed base is to make customers happy, and that's our -- always our top objective is to have satisfied customers. The other thing that is obviously happening is in many areas, the ARPU is increasing. And so, as there is more offers out there, I mean the one that is today getting the attention is on the streaming side. But if you look at the number of services that have been added over the years, it's significant and people love them. And so it's really both of those. And obviously in - finally in getting more people that are enjoying things for free to - let to pay for some of the premium services. So it's sort of all three of those.
Tim Cook: We’re not releasing the precise numbers of our Wearables, but it is a really nice try and get me to say that. The -- what we're seeing in terms of new adds on the Watch, I think Luca may have mentioned this in his comments is about three-quarters of the Apple Watch buyers are new to Apple Watch. And so we are still insignificantly in the build mode there, and so don't think of the penetration as anywhere near sort of a mature penetration. We got lot left there, and the AirPods just keep hitting new highs. And I anticipate that will carry over to this quarter too and we are really proud to add another product out there for people wanting noise-cancelling with the AirPod Pro beginning to sell today.
Tim Cook: Yes, we had a very good September, Shannon, and the lead of that is sort of the reception of iPhone 11 and 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max, and so we feel really good about how we've gotten started there. As you can tell from the numbers, we've significantly improved since the beginning of the year. We've gone from minus well into the 20s to minus two last quarter. And if you looked at that in constant currency, we actually grew one. And so there is a very slight growth there. We obviously want that to be better. But we feel good about how we're doing. I think it's a combination of things that are - that have turned things around. On a macro basis, I think the trade tension is less and that clearly looks positive right now with the comments that we've been reading in the press. Secondly, the products have been extremely well received there. Third, the things that we've done from a pricing and monthly payments point of view and trade-in, getting the trade-in program up and running, all of these things have had moved the dial. And so it's sort of the sum of all of that. I would also say, it's not all about iPhone in China, the services area grew double digit. We began to see more gaming approvals in the quarter, or I should say some key gaming approvals. It's not all about quantity, but about which ones, we saw that. Also Wearables, Wearables are doing so great at a company level. They're doing even better in China. And so lots of positives there.
Tim Cook: On the bundle question, Toni, we look at each service, and decide what's best to do for it and with TV+, we concluded that a great way to get more people to see the content would be to do this, and it would be a good gift for our users, and so that's what we're doing. You can also see that on the other services we're not doing that. And so it's not part of a broader pattern, or although I wouldn't want to rule out for the future that we might not see another opportunity at some point in time. In terms of hardware as a service or as a bundle, if you will, there are customers today that essentially view the hardware like that because they are on upgrade plans and so forth. And so to some degree that exists today, my perspective is that we will grow in the future to larger numbers that will grow disproportionately. And one of the things we are doing is trying to make it simpler and simpler for people to get on these sort of monthly financing kind of things. That's a part of what we announced with the Apple Card earlier in the call and so we are cognizant that there are lots of users out there that want sort of a recurring payment like that and the receipt of new products on some sort of standard kind of basis and we are committed to make that easier to do than perhaps it is today.
Tim Cook: We are paying some tariffs today as you know, some that went into effect pre-September, and some others that went into effect in September. So we are paying some that's been comprehended. But in general, my view is very positive in terms of how things are going, and that positive view is obviously factored in our guidance as well. And just the tone I think has changed significantly and I have long thought that it was in both countries, best interests to get to an agreement that may be initially doesn't solve everything but solves some things that each party may want and get to a better place than where we're at and I'm hopeful that that's where we're headed.
Tim Cook: We're not going to give out projections on it, but I would tell you that we were really pleased with the number of people that enter the trial period. People are just coming out of the 30-day trial period in the last few days or week or so. And so it's really too early to tell what the conversion rate will be. But I feel like we're off to a good start and the - most important of everything. The customer feedback to date has really been incredible and we're very excited for the future of the service.
Tim Cook: I think we, because the Watch is relatively young. We haven't seen enough upgrade cycles to really establish a pattern as yet. And as I've mentioned before, 3 out of 4 customers buying an Apple Watch currently or last quarter I should say were buying an Apple Watch for the first time. And so there is still a very, very large new to Apple Watch in this regard. I do think the upgrade market will look at larger over time, but just don't have a current view as to -- how often and so forth. On the AirPods we're anxious to see the customers for the new AirPods Pro. But I would guess that one particularly in the early going will be people that have AirPods today and want to have -- also have a pair for the times that they need noise cancellation.
Luca Maestri: Yes. Katy, of course. As you said, I mean at the midpoint of the range, we are essentially flat sequentially. On one side, we expect -- on the positive side, we expect leverage from higher revenue. On the other side, foreign exchange for us continues to be probably the biggest headwind that we've got right now is going to be negative 70 basis points on a sequential basis. Also keep in mind that during the holiday season, we have a higher mix of products revenue than we have in other quarters, and that obviously is dilutive to the company -- to the company margin. On a year-over-year basis, we are also about flat. And on one side, we've got better commodity pricing, the environment is better than it was a year ago, but foreign exchange is a negative impact of 120 basis points on a year-over-year basis.
Luca Maestri: Well, you know, Shannon, we've gone through different cycles. In some cases, our revenue growth exceeds our OpEx growth. In other cases, like fiscal '19, it was the other way around. But our approach frankly is not changing over time. We want to invest in the business. Our primary investments during the last few years have been in the R&D space, because obviously we want to continue to innovate, improve the user experience differentiate our products. We continue to run SG&A tightly. Obviously, if you look at what we had launched in the last few quarters and few years, we launched a lot of new products, and now we are launching a lot of new services. And when we do that we need to make the adequate investments in marketing and advertising to raise the awareness of the new products and new services and that is what you're seeing for example in the guidance that we provided for the first quarter as we’re launching new services right now, and so we're making investments both in engineering and in advertising to support the new launches.
Luca Maestri: Toni, thanks for the question. The guidance that we are providing if you look at it at the midpoint implies an acceleration of growth from the performance that we've seen during the course of fiscal 2019. As I said earlier, foreign exchange is clearly a headwind for us right now. This is about $1.1 billion of negative foreign exchange on a year-over-year basis. So that is something to keep in mind. We feel very good as Tim said about the iPhone, the way the new cycle has started, and we do expect an improvement in our year-over-year growth rate on iPhone. Wearables has very, very strong momentum. The portfolio of services also has incredible momentum. One thing to keep in mind as we look at this guidance range is the fact that we also contemplated the comparison to the launch of the iPad Pro, a year ago for iPad as well as the new MacBook Air that was launched during the December quarter last year. So for the iPad and Mac categories, you need to keep in mind that our launch timing is different on a year-over-year basis.
Luca Maestri: Let me cover the accounting issue first. Obviously, we need to make some assumptions around the take rate of our customers on the -- on Apple TV+, right. And we don't want to get into the details of that because we do those assumptions as confidential and competitively sensitive. But you need to keep in mind that we contemplate a number of factors including the fact that we have family sharing as part of the service, the fact that there are multiple device purchases, the geographic availability around the world, the availability of local content at the beginning of the service, how many people do we have with payment methods on file. So we use all these things to make assumptions around what the take rate is going to be. Obviously, those assumptions will possibly change over time as we get more information on how the customers behave. We haven't launched the service yet - we're going to serve - serving our customers tomorrow. So we'll see how it goes, but we take into account all these different factors.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Chris, I think that the price moves we've made have been smart and well received and do show a level of elasticity, but the most important thing by far is the product. And I think we've got the best line-up we've ever had in the customer response to the product and what the product does for them is really incredible. And photos I am getting from many users around the world are just incredible that people are taking. And so I think it's product first, and then prices sort of falls out of that, and we did decide to be more aggressive. And looking at the results in the early going, I think it was the right call. In terms of emerging markets we picked sort of locally relevant prices, and in some cases where the dollar had become stronger, we took an exchange rate that would have reflected a while back, instead of the current exchange rate. And in other words, we tried to stay as close as we could to a local price point that we knew was effective for that particular market. And those in addition to the U.S. price that has gotten more of a discussion had been extremely well received.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. First, Nancy, just want to send you our best wishes. We will definitely miss you. I'm sure, I agree with Luca, you've been very instrumental over the years.
Shannon Cross: My questions though with regard to China, and I don't know, Tim, if you can talk more about what you're seeing in China, the trends during the quarter, the reception specifically there to the iPhone, any thoughts on - you know, Hong Kong used to be a big market, there is obviously some turmoil there. So if you could provide some more in China that would be helpful? Thank you.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. And then, I'm curious, Luca, maybe you can talk a bit about how you think about operating expense growth. It continues to grow significantly faster than revenue. So I am just curious as to where you're targeting the incremental spend? And then, is there a point at which we might just see some leverage? Thank you.
