Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Katy, let me begin, I’ll address many of the things you asked, and then Tim can add a few points. The change year-over-year is being driven by a couple of things, so first of all, last year included a 14th week, this year’s Q1 is a normal 13-week quarter. That along with a stronger U.S. dollar, and the change in gross margin, so let me talk to you about what we see for gross margin, but I’m going to go through some detail on a sequential basis, but not year-over-year. As you pointed out, this is the most prolific product period in Apple’s history. We have an unprecedented number of new product introductions over the last six weeks, and this has led to record levels of demand. New or re-priced versions of our products announced during this time frame represent over 80% of the total expected December quarter revenue. But there are costs associated with such dramatic change and demand. The iPhone 5, iPad Mini, iMac, MacBook Pro 13-inch, iPod Touch and iPod Nano have completely new form factors with great new features, and we’ve never before introduced so many new form factors at once. All of these products have higher costs than their predecessors, and therefore lower gross margins as they are at the height of the cost curve. This has been the case with new products in the past, so nothing new. The difference this time is the sheer number of new products we are introducing in a very short period of time. Additionally, we lowered the price of the iPhone 4S and iPhone 4, delivering incredible value to our customer. We head into this holiday quarter with the strongest iPhone line-up that we have ever had with the iPhone 4 starting at three in the subsidized markets. We also added the iPad Mini to our iPad line-up. The iPad Mini has the full iPad experience, and we priced it aggressively at $329, delivering incredible value to our customers. Its gross margin is significantly below the corporate average. So in summary, we expect our gross margin to decline by about 400 basis points sequentially. We expect the benefit from positive leverage on a sequentially higher revenue and a greater mix of iPhone, but we expect these benefits will be more than offset by a number of factors. First, margins on new products are lower than their predecessors including the iPhone 5 and we have been aggressive with the iPad Mini. Second, we’ve lowered the price of the iPhone 4S and the iPhone 4. Third, we will experience transitionary cost associated with multiple new product ramp. Fourth, the high anticipated volume of iPhone and other new products will generate significantly greater deferred revenue sequentially. As you are aware, we defer a portion of our revenue with every device we sell, and amortize it back into revenue over the life of the device. In periods of exceptionally strong sales like the December quarter, the deferred amounts are significantly higher than the revenue amortized in from past sales. And fifth, the favorable items that benefited the gross margin in the September quarter are not expected to repeat in the December quarter. We will work hard to try and get down the cost curves and improve our manufacturing and other efficiencies as we successfully have done in the past. We ended this holiday season with our strongest product line-up ever, and we have great choices for customers. To be in a position to anticipate over $50 billion of demand for our products in a single quarter is a reflection of the incredible strength of our products and our business.
Peter Oppenheimer: Hi, Mark. It’s Peter. You’re asking the sequential question, but I do want just to remind everybody that if you are looking at this year-over-year and comparing the sequential year-over-year, don’t forget about the 14th week, last year in Q1, you need to adjust for that. And I think it would give you a different answer, if you were comparing anything year-over-year. Specifically, your question about iPhone and iPad sequentially, we have just announced amazing new products in both lineups and we expect large sequential increases, going from the September to December quarter. And as a result, what’s real to be providing guidance tonight for $52 billion of revenue.Mark A. Moskowitz – JPMorgan Securities LLC: :
Peter Oppenheimer: Steve, it’s Peter. When we set out the bill, the iPad Mini, we didn’t set out the bill to small cheap tablet, we set out the bill to smaller iPad that offers the full iPad experience as our customers would expect. As a result, the difference between the iPad Mini and the competition is profound, our iPad Mini begins with a 7.9 inch display, which is 35% larger than 7 inch tablets, providing a much better experience. We’re shipping two great cameras: FaceTime HD front and a 5 megapixel of 1080p iSight rear camera versus typically a one from our competition. We are shipping our fastest communications with dual-band Wi-Fi and have included the A5 chip, which has higher performance than our competitors. And finally, the fit and finish of our precision, unibody aluminum closure is breathtaking when held in your hands. And so that’s what we’ve done. The iPad Mini has higher costs and the gross margin is significantly below our cooperate average, we’re beginning the higher cost curve, but in addition to wanting to make a large number, we’re going to work to try and get down the cost curves and be more efficient in manufacturing as we have been in the past with our other products.
Peter Oppenheimer: Brian it’s Peter. I didn't quite follow your three times, but the iPhone ASPs were relatively flat in the September quarter, year-on-year and were up slightly on a sequential basis. The iPad ASPs were down year-over-year in a low double-digit way, but this really was reflective of our price reduction on the iPad 2 the stronger dollar and a little bit of change in mix and that's what drove the ASP change year-over-year on a sequential basis. iPad ASPs were actually pretty flat.
Peter Oppenheimer: I think it's important to remember there that we launched iPhone 5 in the U.S. during the quarter and where we launched in some international countries the bulk of the world we did not launch it yet and so I would have expected to have seen a more significant growth in the U.S. versus the rest of the world.
Timothy D. Cook: And Katy, if I could just add a couple of things to that. We are dedicated to making the very best products in the world, and we think about the smallest of details, and we are unwilling to cut corners in delivering the best customer experience to the world. It’s this relentless commitment to innovation and excellence is the reason that our customers choose buy our products, and this will always be the driving force behind Apple. We are managing the company for the long-run and will continue to make great long-term decision. We remain very, very confident in our strategy, and will use our world-class skills and hardware, software and services to delight our customers.Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC : Thanks for the details.
Timothy D. Cook: Hi Bill, it’s Tim. The demand for iPhone is extremely robust, we are thrilled with what we see; we are in a significant state of backlog right now. In terms of the production, our output has improved significantly since earlier this month. And I’m very, very pleased with the progress that we’ve made there; I’m pleased with the current level of output in what is the largest volume ramp in Apple’s history. It’s difficult to predict when supply and demand will balance, but I’m feeling very confident on our ability to supply quite a few iPhones.Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Great, thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: Tony, as you know we don’t comment on our future views on products and roadmaps etcetera. But let me make some comments on your question. We continue to be very confident that the tablet market will surpass the PC market, there is incredible development in both ecosystems and product going on in the tablet space. It is already extremely compelling for many, many customers to choose the tablet, in particular an iPad over a PC. And when you look at the size of the PC market, there is an enormous opportunity for Apple there. Pretty much each quarter you see 80 to 90 million PCs being sold. And so we do think that the iPad and the iPad Mini, and the iPad 2 will all be extremely attractive offering for people in lieu of PC. And we are going to continue to very much focus on the future of iPad, and we are very, very confident with what we have in the pipeline. And we are extremely pleased to have launched iPad Mini; and can’t wait until next Friday, when we begin selling the very first unit.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah Shannon, it’s Tim. In terms of what we saw in China for Q4, revenue was $5.7 billion, that’s up 26% year-on-year, Mac was up extremely strong, up 44%. As you recall, we launched portables for the first time in July or the portables that we have previously announced in U.S. in June, we announced that in China in July. iPad was up 45% in Greater China, iPhone was up 38%. And so all in all, a fantastic quarter that brings us to a full year fiscal year revenue number of $23.8 billion for China which is really phenomenal, when you think about it, that’s up over $10 billion year-on-year up 78% and Greater China now represents about 15% of Apple for the fiscal year and so we’re extremely happy with how we’ve done in China as Peter alluded to in his opening remarks, we are continuing to invest in our own retail stores there, we continue to expand distribution in with channel partners as well, and we continue to see it as a extremely exciting market with more and more people wanting Apple product.Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC: Great, and then I just had a follow-up question on the Tablet market, with the launch of Surface today and obviously the Win 8 Tablet of Mac, could you talk a little bit about what are you seeing, from a competitive standpoint and how you think about it? Thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah, I haven’t personally played with the Surface yet, but what we’re reading about it is that it’s a fairly compromised confusing product, and so I think one of the toughest things you do with deciding which product is to make hard trade off and decide what a product should be and we’ve really done that with the iPad, and so the user experience is absolutely incredible, I suppose you could design a car that flies and floats, but I don’t think it would do all of those things very well, and so I think people when they look at the iPad versus competitive offerings are going to conclude, they really want an iPad and I think people have done that to-date and I think they will continue to do that.Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC: Thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: We don’t really have an old product, then we have only new product, we just announced the fourth generation iPad as well and…
Timothy D. Cook: So, no, but the way that we look at this is that we provide a fantastic iPad Touch, we provide an incredible fourth generation iPad and iPad Mini and then iPad 2. Customers will decide which one or two or three or all four that they would like and will buy those and so we’ve learned over the years not to worry about cannibalization of our own products, it’s much better for us to do that than somebody else to do it and the far, far bigger opportunity here are the 80 million to 90 million PCs that are being sold per quarter, there’s still over 300 million PCs being bought per year, and I think a great number of those people would be much better of buy an iPad or a Mac, and so that’s a much bigger opportunity for Apple, and so instead of being focused on cannibalizing ourselves, and I look at it in much more that it’s an enormous incremental opportunity for us and so that’s how I look at it.
Timothy D. Cook: Or not you might guess, for Q4 we sold 1.3 million that is up over a 100% year-on-year that means that we sold up more than 5 million Apple TVs during the fiscal year, which is almost double the previous year, we have sold 2.8 the previous year and so the business continues to do very well, but if you look at the size of revenue of this business versus our other businesses, it’s quite small and so it still has the (inaudible) label, however it’s below Toby and we continue to focus on it and continue to believe there is something more there and continue to pull the string to see where it takes us.
Timothy D. Cook: It’s a hypothetical question, hence so we think, we’ve made great choices on the product and the prices and as you know our customary practice, long-standing customary practice is just to guide for the current quarter, and so I would want to talk about what we might do post that.Charles Eugene Munster – Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: What we did initially Mark, as we planned the first 30 to 40 countries prior to introducing the product and roll those out across at September in two different dates. The balance of the quarter, we planned with an eye toward the supply and what we think the demand will be. But we do plan these in advance and so it is not a précised science. And we obviously have to plan those with several weeks of notice. And so occasionally, it can be different than what we think.Mark A. Moskowitz – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: We now have almost all of the Fortune 500 that are testing or deploying iPad and I think with the recent announcements, the penetration will only grow. We’ve also pushed fairly aggressively in the Global 500. And so those numbers now are above 80% on both iPhone and iPad. And so I feel like we are doing fairly well there, there is clearly much more to do. But I’m feeling pretty good about it.Steven M Milunovich – UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: Scott, it’s Tim. In terms of iPad and iPhone, I don’t see a component shortage getting us for the quarter in the numbers that we’ve given you in the guidance. I think we saw some challenges there and feel good about our position. In terms of general shortages on the iMac, we’ll be constrained for the full quarter in a significant way, part of that is that we’re beginning shipping the 21.5-inch iMac in November and the 27-inch in December. And so there will be a short amount of time during the quarter to manufacturer and ramp those and I expect the demand to be robust. So we will have a significant shortage there. the others are more based on how big is big from a demand point of view and that is very difficult to predict, but you can tell that we’re extremely bullish on the demand with the revenue guidance that Peter talked about earlier. Hopefully that answers your question.Scott D. Craig – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thanks.
Timothy D. Cook: I'm actually not projecting whether supply and demand will balance for the quarter, I'm saying that I feel great about where we are on the manufacturing ramp that our supply output is significantly higher than it was earlier in October, and I'm confident that we'll be able to supply quite a few during the quarter, but in terms of where that, when that balance occurs, I can't tell at this point.Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Okay
Timothy D. Cook: LCD, I wouldn’t characterize any change there, it’s having driven any cost. And Samsung, we continue to be a customer of Samsung and continue to have a commercial relationship.Chris K. Whitmore – Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you.
