Timothy Cook: If you look at last quarter we made the announcement as you know of the iPad in January. In our view the last quarter there was no obvious impact on either the Mac or the iPod but you can look at the numbers we are reporting and judge that for yourself. Going forward now that we are selling into April we really don’t have enough experience to come to a judgment yet. We will see how it goes. We are obviously thrilled with the sales of the iPad. They have far exceeded our expectations and it has been a relative great start. 
Timothy Cook: If you look at the previous March, the base quarter you are comparing to, we announced a new iMac and a new Mac Mini. So our compare point was to a month we announced two new products versus a month we didn’t announce any new Macs. I wouldn’t think you could really judge the Mac business on a month-by-month basis. I think looking at a longer period of time is correct. Certainly, our internal expectation was that the comparable would come down through the quarters and begin to comp against those products. 
Timothy Cook: Honestly it is too early to tell. We have only been selling WiFi other than the pre-orders and we feel we really need to be selling both models side by side in an unconstrained environment before we are able really to know what the mix will be. 
Timothy Cook: That is a lot. On the channel inventory our channel inventory was essentially flat from the beginning of this quarter compared to the end of the quarter. If you look in terms of geography we had some staggering growth rates as you mentioned. If you look at Asia Pacific as an example the iPhone units in Asia Pacific grew 474% year-over-year. Japan grew 183%. Europe grew 133% and so these are some fabulous numbers we are seeing just incredible demand for iPhones. Some of this was led by adding eight carriers in some key countries.  For example Vodafone in the U.K. and Ireland as well as some other carriers in key countries in Asia. We also had very strong performance from existing carrier partners really around the world. It was widespread and just generally terrific results. 
Timothy Cook: China has been interesting. If you look at greater China which we define as mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, the iPhone units were up year-over-year over 9 times. We added another 800 points of distribution in China. The revenue, we have never released this number before but I will do this in this particular case, through the first half of the fiscal year that we just completed for the six month period our revenue from greater China was almost $1.3 billion and this is up over 200% year-over-year. So we are well pleased with how the company is positioned to take advantage of the growth in greater China. 
Timothy Cook: We are thrilled with the App store and customers are loving it. It has seen well over 4 billion downloads from the App store and have over 185,000 apps and now over 3,500 for the iPad alone. We have just begun shipping the iPad. Early in the first week we released some data about customer downloads related to the iPad. They are clearly loving it and I think it is a very strong part of the overall product offering to customers. 
Timothy Cook: We have done very well versus our planned capacity. There is not a production problem. It is sort of a good kind of issue to have that the demand in the U.S. was much, much stronger than we predicted and so regrettably we had to push out the international launch to be able to launch the 3G unit in the U.S. and to get the WiFi units into the United States. We are adding capabilities. We will see where this thing goes but it has shocked us the level of demand at least initially. We will see what happens from here. 
Timothy Cook: The DRAM market is constrained. We do expect higher pricing sequentially as a result of that. The bulk of the other commodities including the key commodities of [demand] and LCD and HD we see generally in-supply demand balance. Other components we expect to decline consistent with historical trends. 
Timothy Cook: We don’t break it out at that level of detail. I would tell you both were very important to us. Both the additions and the existing carriers. You can look at the number of carriers we added which was eight as I had mentioned, and out of the 151 carriers at the country level it is a good number but not a significant number. Obviously the existing carriers performed very well in addition to the adds. 
Timothy Cook: Let me see if I can word it like this. There are three main countries where iPhones have a contractual exclusive relationship. That is the United States, Germany and Spain. There are a few smaller countries where we have an exclusive or co-exclusive but those three are the ones that are the major markets. Over the past year we have moved a number of markets from exclusive to non-exclusive. In each case as we have done that we have seen our unit growth accelerate and our market share improve. But that doesn’t mean we view that formula works in every single case. I would just sort of reiterate what I did last time that this is how we are learning so far. That is the result we have seen so far. We think very carefully about each of these at the country level to conclude what is in our best interest. 
Timothy Cook: I think the key thing is the smart phone category specifically is a great market to be in. It has very high growth rates from a market point of view and Apple with the iPhone unit growth of 131% outgrew the market by three times. So we feel great about that. Those numbers were even better outside of the U.S. than inside the U.S. We have learned a number of things and we are trying every day to take everything we have learned and do something better from a product point of view and do something better for distribution and our carrier relationships and so on and so forth. I don’t want to go into each of those on here because I don’t want anybody to copy those. 
Timothy Cook: The units were up for the quarter 34% year-over-year but the absolute number of units are still small and we still classify the product as a hobby for the company. I would just repeat what I have probably said before. If you look at the other markets that Apple is in, the Macintosh competes in a market of 300 million or so units a year. The iPhone competes in a market if you look at all phones of maybe 1.2 billion a year. The iPod competes in a market that has 100 million plus or minus units per year.  So these are enormous sized markets and clearly the market that AppleTV is in is not in our view nearly that large as yet. That is the reason we classify it as a hobby so that no one gets the wrong impression that we have a vision that it is anywhere close to the size of the other businesses. However, a number of us love the product, use the product and we continue to think there is something is something interesting there and we continue to invest in it. 
Timothy Cook: I can only tell you in the quarter we finished, Q2 we finished in March, although we announced the iPad in January there was nothing obvious in the iPod number or the Mac number to suggest cannibalization. There is an obvious announcing and people know it is coming and it is starting to sell. So that part of the equation we don’t know yet. We will find out. We are thrilled with how the iPad is selling and the enormous response that we have received. We also announced net MacBook Pro that you probably saw last week and the whole line change. So we are also happy about how the Mac business is positioned and the level of product innovation in those notebooks. It is enormous. It is taking battery life up to 10 hours. That is absolutely amazing.  In terms of the iPad competing for customers who are considering a netbook, you know I am the wrong person to ask that. To be it is a no-brainer. iPad/Netbook, it is sort of 100 to zero. I can’t think of a single thing the netbook does well. iPad does so many things very, very well. I am already personally addicted to mine and couldn’t live without it. So I am probably not the right person to ask that question.  
Peter Oppenheimer: We are thrilled with the performance of our business and to be providing guidance year-over-year for growth of 34-38% for the June quarter. In coming up with that we factored several points into the guidance including sequentially lower ASPs from the beginning of the education buying season, a stronger U.S. dollar and product transition. We have also factored in sequentially lower iTunes which is typical as holiday gift cards are used in the March quarter and also sequentially lower accessory and software sales. For Mac we would expect to see a sequential increase in Mac unit sales as a result of the beginning of the education buying season and a recent refresh we just did in the Mac Pro line.  For iPod our in-stock in the March quarter was better than last year which helped us achieve the 10.9 million units. This year we would expect to see a bigger sequential decline in the June quarter than the 7% we saw last year. For iPhone we don’t have much experience with seasonality with our current country and carrier distribution. We are very confident in our product but we will see what occurs and we will report to you in July. For iPad we are thrilled with customer response to the iPad and we will begin shipping both the WiFi and WiFi 3G versions in the U.S. by the end of April and 9 additional countries by the end of May.  We feel very, very good about the start of iPad. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We are putting our toes in the water but don’t expect much from us this calendar year. We think we will learn a lot and build a foundation for the future. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I think they continue to work very, very hard and we look forward to continued improvement. They clearly made big strides in some areas with some of the recent surveys have pointed out and I think it will continue. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We have nothing to announce relative to those things today. I am just saying that we have a great product. We have seen great demand. We have priced this extremely aggressively and we did that because we believe there is a huge market for it and certainly the initial results suggest that is the case. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I don’t really consider component pricing to be a headwind or a tailwind. Tim I think answered in Bill’s question his view on what we were going to see in the June quarter. So [costs] are by themselves necessarily a big factor. I think what we think is going to occur in the June quarter is we have introduced a new product that we couldn’t be more excited about. We have been very aggressive and we will take advantage of our first-mover opportunity here.  Then we have some other transitions. We have a stronger dollar and we are heading into the Ed buying season which we anticipate being competitive this year. So that is really what has gone into our thinking on gross margin. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We will discuss that with you on our July conference call when we report the June quarter results which will include our first shipments of iPad. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. We are very excited about China not only for retail but for Apple. Tim talked about the success we have had in greater China to date with revenue being up about two time’s year-over-year. With regard to retail stores we will open two stores in Shanghai this summer and with targets of having about 25 stores open in China by the end of calendar 2011. 
Peter Oppenheimer: The 58,000 to be honest with you is not a very meaningful number because the variance is from one particular carrier that does a few million to some that do very, very low numbers. So the average itself isn’t very meaningful. The things we do to drive overall iPhone demand is focus on product innovation. That is software that hopefully you saw with the preview we gave with new iPhones that will be coming this summer is new hardware and new products. It is new distribution points. It is additional carriers and geographic expansion which we will continue to do. It is really all of those things and great marketing. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We have certainly factored into the guidance we have given you for the June quarter and results we have reported for March our legal and other expenses. Whatever we are incurring in that area is included. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I think I commented on a prior question, at this point we are putting our toes in the water so we don’t expect much this calendar year. We think we are going to learn a lot and we will work to build a foundation for the future. 
Peter Oppenheimer: I think we did extremely well as usually in positioning the product in the January announcement when he talked about if a product category were to exist between the notebook and Smart Phone then it would need to do something better than either of those. I am just saying from my personal use there is a variety of things I would put on that list and I love notebooks personally but I would put email on it. I would put browsing on it. Listening to music. Watching videos. Watching TV shows of any type. Reading books. The list goes on. Of course you have the entire App store and the ecosystem built around that and so people that like to play games now they have that larger handbook to play games on and other apps from serious apps to less serious apps the larger handbook provides the artist a lot more room to do things that are very cool.  I think it is a new category and certainly it is early but we really, really like what we see right now. We had what we thought were high hopes and it exceeded those. That is all I can offer for now. I would love to talk to you in July and tell you how the quarter went for the June quarter. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We do everything we can to try to get the best deal possible for the consumer. By the way I feel like each of the carrier partners we have worked want to do the same. I think everybody is focused on that. When we dropped the subsidized price of the phone to $99 last year we were actually surprised that the mix to the 3G was very, very high. As you know, that was at $199. I think it is important. I think that price is important on the device but I think there are other things people really want like an extremely innovative product and all the apps and the ecosystem and the great OS and incredible hardware we have got. I think it is one of the factors. 
Peter Oppenheimer: The accessory portfolio is good for us. Over 5,000 accessories that work for the iPhone and iPod largely work for the iPad. We have come out with some great accessories for the iPad in the first weeks and the developer community has rallied around it as well. Let’s give it a little time and presumably some great things will happen there just like it has for iPhone and iPod. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Our retail stores had a great March quarter. The average increase of revenue per store was actually up 8% and this was the best we had seen in six quarters. The Mac did incredibly well in the stores, up 38% overall. Same store Mac sales were up over 20%. Phone did well. I think the stores are really going to be a great place for customers to come in, look at and buy iPads. We are very confident in our retail stores. The experience it is giving customers and finally just after 10 years of retailing we are just ecstatic about the fact that roughly half of the Mac sales that occur each quarter are to people that have never owned a Mac before. Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets : Right but the data has been fairly consistent that the revenue growth in retail at least that category is dependent upon new store openings. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. We are going to report the iPad very similar as we do iPhones. It will be a line item on our data summary and the revenue we report will be for the iPad units and the iPad specific accessories. Again, similar to what we do for iPhones. 
Peter Oppenheimer: It is very early days. We put out some information after the first couple of days. Customers are loving the iPad. They are going to the App Store and getting apps, getting books. It has been really a great thing for customers but we will talk more in the future about how that goes. I would say we are not focused on trying to make a lot of money on the App Store as we haven’t on the iTunes store. We have run the store just over break-even and we just want to offer tremendous value to customers. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We tend to not break it down by country but I can tell you we are thrilled with our new to Mac all over the world. 
Peter Oppenheimer: It is based on the sales value of the iPhone so it doesn’t include anything from carrier payments, any of the deferral or accessories. So it is the sales value in the quarter of the handset sales. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Of course. The numbers right now are so preliminary and based on such a small amount of time we don’t read a lot into those. So they are not something we would disclose at this point. 
Peter Oppenheimer: We are just not going to help our competitors so that is not a question I can specifically answer for you. Let me reiterate we are very confident in our new product pipeline and are very excited about the coming months. 
Peter Oppenheimer: You read the same things we do about the state budget situations and the school districts are under a lot of pressure in pretty much every state around the country. I have seen no evidence we are losing market share in education and so I think it is really just a budget issue. We have now entered in the June quarter the education buying season. June tends to be more dominated by K-12 and then September will be more dominated typically by higher ed. This year we expect it to be competitive but we are going to put on our uniforms, suit up and we look forward to competing. 
