Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Thank you, Katy, a lot of questions. Let me take them one by one. Let me start with our performance for the March quarter, which we were very happy with. As you said, we were up 40 basis points sequentially. And this is in spite of the fact, as you know, that we lose leverage as we go from the December quarter to the March quarter. The foreign exchange headwind on a sequential basis was 100 basis points. Obviously, that was also a negative. And as you said, we started to experience some level of cost pressure on the memory side, particularly on NAND and DRAM. To offset that, and actually do better than that, we had very good cost performance on other commodities. And the fact that our Services mix increases as we go through the year, that is of course also helping, given the profile of our gross margin for Services. So that answers the question around Q2. As we move into the June quarter, as you know, we tend to have some level of gross margin compression as we go from the March quarter to the June quarter. Again, the majority of that comes from the sequential loss of leverage. We also have a different mix of products as we move into the June quarter, and the cost pressures on memory will remain. We expect to offset partially these impacts with other cost efficiencies, and again, with a mix shift towards Services. The impact on NAND and DRAM will continue to be there, and we expect it to be there. You know we don't guide past the June quarter, but we expect it to be there for the time being. On Qualcomm, I just want to make it very, very clear that we are accruing. We do not expect to be paying more than what we are accruing right now. So we didn't get any benefit in our P&L, in our margins, during the March quarter, and we're not getting any benefit during the June quarter either.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Shannon, you know how we run our capital return program. We've been pretty consistent during the last five years. Essentially for the last five years, the way we've run the company is essentially to return our free cash flow to our investors. That's what we've done with the program until now, and the expansion of the program that we've announced today goes in the same direction. We know how much we need to invest in the business. We will never underinvest in the business. We're in a very fortunate position that we generate cash beyond the needs that we have. And given the current capital structure that we have, we decided that until now we return about 100% of the free cash flow to investors. It's difficult for us to speculate about what might or might not happen. The program that we're announcing today reflects the current tax legislation in this country, and there's a lot that still needs to happen there, and we'll see. Obviously, we will reassess our situation if things change.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Yes, I'll take it, Rod. We don't disclose into the number of subscriptions. Of course, we're just giving you the total count of subscriptions that are out there. Of course, there are several customers that subscribe to more than one of our services. There is some level of overlap, but the total number of subscribers is very, very large, obviously less than 165 million. But it's very good for us to see the breadth of subscriptions that we offer and that customers are interested in. It's a large number. And if you remember, we quoted the same number a quarter ago and we talked about 150 million. So when you think about a sequential increase of 15 million subscriptions from the December quarter to the March quarter, it really gives you a sense for the momentum that we have on our content stores. It's quite impressive to add 15 million subscriptions in 90 days. As we look at the dynamics that are happening on our content stores, particularly on the App Store, which is the largest, we see fairly consistently two things. We see that the number of paying accounts is growing a lot. And I mentioned the increase in number of paying accounts that we value in this last 90 days is the largest that we've ever had. So this very large number of people coming into the ecosystem, experiencing the ecosystem, which is obviously improving all the time in quality and quantity, and then start paying and transacting on our stores, and that number is growing very, very strongly, strong double digits. What we're also seeing as we look at people that start paying on our stores, we see a pretty common trend over time. And we keep track of that across cohorts of customers, that as people come into the ecosystem and start paying on the ecosystem, we see a spending profile that is very similar around the world. People start at a certain level and then they tend to spend more over time. And so obviously, the combination of people spending more over time and adding more people that are now actually spending on the stores contributes to this 40% growth that Tim mentioned for the App Store on a year-over-year basis.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: As you know, Simona, we do not provide guidance around units and around channel inventory reduction, but our goal is always to have the right amount of weeks of inventory in the channel. And if you look at our history over the last several years, we have fairly consistently reduced channel inventory in the June quarter, so I think it's a fair expectation to have.
Timothy Donald Cook: Katy, one of the things that we did not get right was the mix between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. There was – wound up that demand was much stronger to the iPhone 7 Plus than we had predicted. And so it took us a little while to adjust all the way back through the supply chain and to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which occurred early this past quarter. What did we learn from it? Every time we go through a launch, we learn something. And you can bet that we're brushing up our models, and we'll apply everything we learn to the next time.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes, thanks for the question, Shannon. We saw in Q2 a performance that combined with Q1 to form the first half of the year was much better than what we experienced in the second half of last year. And if you look at what was driving that, iPhone 7 Plus, we sold the highest number of Plus models in the first half than ever before, compared to 6s Plus or compared to the 6 Plus. Also, the Mac business did extremely well. The Mac revenue growth was up 20% in China, and we had extremely strong Services growth during the quarter in China. As I mentioned in my comments, our retail and online stores did well overall and in China. They grew by 21%, which is an acceleration from what we had seen in the previous quarter. And traffic – which for us is incredibly important in the retail stores because we do a lot more than sell – traffic was up 27% year on year. And now seven of our top ten highest traffic stores in the world are in Greater China. And so that's the set of things that went in our direction, so to speak. On the flip side, currency devalued by 5%, and so that's not an insignificant headwind. And our performance continued to be weak in Hong Kong, which has been hit a bit harder as the tourism market continues to slump. Also, where the iPhone 7 Plus did well, we didn't perform as well on some of the previous generation iPhones. And so that's the set of things on the plus and minus side. We did perform about where I thought we would. At least I thought it would be similar to the previous quarter, and it was. What I now believe is that we'll improve a bit more during this current quarter, not back to growth, but improve – but make more progress. And we continue to believe that there's an enormous opportunity there. And in the scheme of things, our business is pretty large there.
Timothy Donald Cook: Rod, the way that we think about pricing is we come up with a price that we think is a good value for the product that we're delivering, and we do that on the hardware side as well as on the Services side. And so that's how we think about it. We're really not thinking about taking profits from one to subsidize the other or vice-versa.
Timothy Donald Cook: Thanks for the question. We have seen the watch as a really key product category for us since before we launched it. We took our time to get it right, and we've made it even better with the Series 2 offering. And we're really proud of the growth of the business. The watch units more than doubled in six of our top ten markets, which is phenomenal growth, particularly in a non-holiday quarter. And so we couldn't be more satisfied with it. As some people are doing when you begin to combine the watch revenues with the revenues for AirPods, and as you know, this was the first full quarter of shipments for AirPods. It's still very much in the ramping mode, and we're not coming close to satisfying the demand. And then add the Beats products that a group of our customers really enjoy as well, and look on the trailing 12 months – so this is not a forecast – that business was well into the Fortune 500. And so as I look at that, that's pretty fast to come that far. The watch hasn't out very long and AirPods has been out there for three, four months, and so we feel really great about it. Where does it go? I wouldn't want to comment on that, but we do have a really great pipeline here. And I think in terms of competition falling out and so forth, the watch area is really hard. It in essence from an engineering point of view is similar to a phone in terms of the intricacies and so forth. And so I'm not very surprised that some people are falling out of it. But we're very committed to it and believe that – it's already a big business and believe over time it will be even larger. Thanks for the question.
Timothy Donald Cook: I only glanced at it, and so I haven't had time to study it. But in general, what we are seeing, we're seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases on iPhone, which we believe are due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones. And so that part is clearly going on, and it could be what's behind the data. I don't know, but we are seeing that in full transparency.
Timothy Donald Cook: Anyone that has a standards-essential patent has a responsibility to offer it to everyone that would like it under what are called FRAND terms. FRAND stands for fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms. That's both the price and the business terms. Qualcomm has not made such an offer to Apple. And so I don't believe that a – I don't believe anyone is going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that. I think that there's plenty of case law around that subject, but we shall see. In terms of why we're withholding royalties, you can't pay something when there's a dispute about the amount. You don't know how much to pay. And so they think we owe some amount, we think we owe a different amount, and there hasn't been a meeting of the minds there. And so at this point, we need the courts to decide that. Unless we are able to, over time, settle between us on some amount, but right now we're depending upon the courts to do that. And so that is the thinking. The reason that we're pursuing this is that Qualcomm's trying to charge Apple a percentage of the total iPhone value. And they do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it's one small part of what an iPhone is. It's not – it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don't think that's right, and so we're taking a principled stand on it. And we strongly believe we're in the right, and I'm sure they believe that they are. And that's what courts are for. And so we'll let it go with that.
Timothy Donald Cook: There are a lot of questions there. Let me give you some color as I see it. In this quarter, we reduced channel inventory by 1.2 million units. And so if you look on a year-over-year basis, which is primarily what we look at from a unit point of view because it would have the seasonality embedded in that, we grew sell-through on a year-over-year basis. Last quarter, I'm sure other folks remember, was a 14-week quarter, and so you have to adjust the rates last quarter to get at what the underlying sell-through growth was. And so I think that when you do that, you're going to find that actually the year-over-year performance is similar between the quarters. In terms of upgraders, we saw the largest absolute number of upgraders ever in any six-month period in the first half of this year, first half of this fiscal year to be precise. And we saw the largest absolute number of switchers outside of Greater China in the same period that we've ever seen. And so in four of the five operating segments, as I think Luca mentioned in his comments, we had very good growth. And it was really propelled by the demand for iPhone 7 Plus, which is growing incredibly fast around the world. And so that's kind of the color I would add there, and hopefully some of that is useful for you.
Timothy Donald Cook: We make it a point not to forecast by geo. We just provide a current quarter forecast. But as hopefully you've seen as we began to give you more information about India, we've been investing quite a bit. We have a ton of energy going into the country on a number of fronts, and it is the third largest smartphone market in the world today behind China and the United States. And so we believe, particularly now that the 4G infrastructure is going in the country and is continuing to be expanded, that there is a huge opportunity for Apple there. And so that and the demographics of the country is why we're putting so much energy there.
Timothy Donald Cook: We think it's a great opportunity too, and so we're bringing all the things that we brought to bear in other markets that we've eventually done well in, and that's from channel to stores to our ecosystem and so forth. Phil [Schiller] was just over there opening a developer center last quarter, and so there are a ton of things going on there. And we agree that we are underpenetrated there. Our growth rates are good, really good by most people's expectations, maybe not mine as much. And so we're putting a lot of energy in, just like we have in other geos that eventually wound up producing more and more. So I'm very excited about it. The 4G network investment really began rolling in in a significant way toward the last quarter of last year, as you know. But they are moving fast. They're moving at a speed that I have not seen in any other country in the world once they were started, and it is truly impressive.
