Tim Cook: Yes. Hi, Erik. It's hard to quantify this, but we do believe we did recapture some amount of sales in the March quarter as we did see the iPhone performance accelerate relative to the December quarter. The production levels for the whole quarter were where we wanted them to be. So supply was not an issue during Q2.
Tim Cook: Yes, sure. Looking at the business in India, we did set a quarterly record, grew very strong, double digits year-over-year. So it was quite a good quarter for us, taking a step back, India is an incredibly exciting market. It's a major focus for us. I was just there, and the Dynamism in the market, the vibrancy is unbelievable. Over time, we've been expanding our operations there to serve more customers, and three years ago, we launched the Apple Store online, and then, as you just mentioned, we launched two stores just a few weeks ago, and they're off to a great start, one in Mumbai and one in Delhi. We've got a number of channel partners in the country as well that we're partnering with, and we're very happy with how that's going overall. Overall, I couldn't be more delighted and excited by the enthusiasm I'm seeing for the brand there. There are a lot of people coming into the middle class, and I really feel that India is at a tipping point, and it's great to be there. On other emerging markets, we had a stellar quarter in emerging markets overall, as I had mentioned, with records set in a number of different places, including Indonesia and Mexico, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, UAE, and then quarterly records in Brazil, India and Malaysia. And so it was a great quarter for emerging markets in general, despite the headwinds of the currency that Luca mentioned. And so we're putting efforts in a number of these markets and really see, particularly given our low share and the dynamics of the demographics, et cetera, a great opportunity for us in those markets.
Tim Cook: Yes. If you look at the installed base of active devices now, overall it's more than $2 billion. As you know, we announced in January that we surpassed that. And this quarter, our Q2 rather we set new records across each of the geographic segments and each of the major product categories. And that's despite declines in current quarter sales, in particular in Mac and iPad. This is a huge asset for us, and it's a testament to the overall customer satisfaction and engagement and loyalty of our customers. And so we view this as a major asset for us. The iPhone base is well over a $1 billion active devices. We see this as upgrade rates, and these sorts of things may change quarter-to-quarter depending upon macroeconomic. But if you back up and look at the installed base, we feel great about the size of it and the rate that it's growing.
Tim Cook: We try really hard to design our products in such a way that they work seamlessly together, and so whether that's the watch or the Mac, so that you can start working on one device and finish it on the other. And so there are a good deal of people out there that have multiple Apple devices, and I think this is a testament to the customer satisfaction and loyalty that we've been able to get from the incredible design that our engineering teams do on our products.
Tim Cook: Yes, thanks for the question, Shannon. As you know, we don't comment on product roadmaps. I do think it's very important to be deliberate and thoughtful in how you approach these things. And there's a number of issues that need to be sorted, as is being talked about in a number of different places. But the potential is certainly very interesting. And we've obviously made enormous progress integrating AI and machine learning throughout our ecosystem and we weaved it into products and features for many years as you probably know. You can see that in things like fall detection and crash detection and ECG, these things are not only great features, they're saving people's lives out there. And so it's absolutely remarkable. And so we are, we view AI as huge and we'll continue weaving it in our products on a very thoughtful basis.
Tim Cook: Our supply chain is truly global and we're investing all over the world. We're investing in the US. We're investing in a number of other countries as well. So we make products everywhere. We'll continue to invest everywhere, and we'll continue to look for ways to optimize the supply chain based on what we learn each and every day and week and so forth, to ensure that we can deliver the best products and services for our customers. If you sort of step back and look at how we've performed over the last three years on the supply chain, despite this parade of horribles, if you will, between the pandemic and the chip shortages and macroeconomic kind of factors, the supply chain has been incredibly resilient, and we feel good about what we are and what our plans are.
Tim Cook: Sure. It's hard to quantify Wamsi, but we do believe we did recapture some amount of sales in the March quarter, and obviously we had to set the channel at the right levels. And we're very comfortable with the channel inventory that we have on a forward basis. So we do think there were some, but it's difficult to quantify it.
Tim Cook: What we're trying to do with our payments work is that sort of like we've done on the watch, where we're focused on helping people live a healthier day on our financial products. We're helping people have a better financial health and so things like the Apple Card and the fact that it has no fees, like the savings account, which has, as you mentioned, it's very attractive yield. So we're trying to help our users, but these things have to stand on their own, obviously. But we're very user focused, and so we're listening to them at what things provide them pinch points and orchestrate our roadmaps around that. Buy Now Pay Later is another one that we've just gotten out of the shoot. But on the savings account specifically, we are very pleased with the initial response on it. It's been incredible.
Tim Cook: I don't want to go into what we're seeing in Q3 other than the guidance that Luca has given. But for Q2, I think you're probably referencing primarily US carriers. And if you look at our geographic distribution of our performance, it was lower in the Americas, which is primarily predominantly the United States. And a part of that is, I believe it's macroeconomic. A part is that there was more promotional activity in the year ago quarter. And so I think that's what you're seeing there, where our results were really stellar during this quarter, was really in the emerging markets, and we couldn't be prouder of the results that we had there.
Tim Cook: I think each country is different and has their own journey, so I hesitate to compare too much. But what I do see in India is a lot of people entering the middle class, and I'm hopeful that we can convince some number of them to buy an iPhone and we'll see how that works out. But right now, it's working out well.
Tim Cook: Internally, we have our estimates for how much is enterprise versus consumer. And the enterprise business is growing. We have been focusing a lot on BYOD programs and there's more and more companies that are leaning into those and given employees the ability to select which is plays to our benefit, I believe, because I think a lot of people want to use a Mac at work or an iPad at work. And so but we're certainly primarily a consumer company in terms of our revenues, obviously.
Tim Cook: I think there's an opportunity across the board, including in services. Obviously, the ARPUs are lower in India for whether you're talking about TV and movie streaming or music, the ARPUs are much lower than other regions. But if you look at it over a long arc of time, I think there's a good opportunity across the board.
Tim Cook: If you look at China, our revenue came in at negative three for the quarter year-over-year, but we actually grew on a constant currency basis, and we also accelerate rated as compared to the December quarter, which, as you know, had 14 weeks in it and was a negative seven on a reported basis. And so we were pleased with how we did and with the acceleration that we saw with the reopening, and we'll see how we do this quarter. But if you look at the top selling smartphones in urban China, based on a survey from Kantar, we have four out of the top five. And I think in all of the third party data I've seen on the market itself, in the smartphone space, we believe we gained share during Q2. So we feel good about it. Also, China has a lot of very good metrics in terms of new buyers. For example, on the Mac, about six out of ten customers are buying the Mac for the first time. Same thing on iPad. If you look over at the watch, it's more than three out of four customers are buying the watch for the first time. And so the buyer metrics, if you will, are very, very good. And our services business hit an all-time record in China during the quarter.
Tim Cook: The feedback for both Apple Pay Later and the savings products have both been really good. And we think both of them help customers live a better or healthier financial life. And so we're very excited about the first days of both of them.
Tim Cook: I don't see Apple participating in the Chips Act directly, but we would be a beneficiary indirectly because some of our partners would hopefully be recipients of it and therefore put in additional capacity. And so on that sort of indirect basis, we would have a benefit.
Tim Cook: Harsh, I think we can do better on everything. And so I wouldn't just point to one of them. If you look at the number of active devices and the growth of active devices, I think, our services are underpenetrated in a number of different ways. And so the way that I look at it is there's opportunity in many of them.
Luca Maestri: David, it’s Luca. As you said, of course we got the issue around the macroeconomic environment, particularly in advertising and in mobile gaming, but outside of those areas the behavior of customers continues to be pretty consistent. We are doing particularly well, obviously in some of the services that we've launched more recently, like payments where our growth rates are very strong as the adoption of Apple Pay and Apple Card and now the new services that Tim mentioned, the adoption continues to increase. Cloud is an area that continues to grow very consistently. Users want to store more photos and videos and more content on their devices and so they adopt our cloud services and in general the model in the App Store around paid subscriptions continues to grow very strongly. I mentioned we now have more than 975 million paid subscriptions on the platform and that's almost twice as much what we had only three years ago. So obviously, the growth in subscriptions is very strong.
Luca Maestri: Samik, that the areas where we are seeing the impact on the macroenvironment, as I mentioned, is digital advertising. As you know, obviously the macroenvironment is not helping on that front. And mobile gaming, where we've seen a bit of a slowdown, partly due to the macroenvironment, partly due to the fact that we had very elevated usage during the COVID years. But outside of those areas, we continue to see very healthy growth rates.
Luca Maestri: Part of Samik is what Tim was talking about. We're having great momentum in emerging markets, and those are markets where our share is low, gives us a great opportunity to grow over time. It also helps us with the growth of the installed base, because you can imagine that in places where our market share is low, we tend to add a lot of switchers people that are new to the Apple ecosystem. That increases the install base. And over the longer term, it obviously improves our ability to monetize on services as well.
Luca Maestri: So you're right. I mean we are guiding to a fairly stable level of gross margins at a very high level. We're very happy with the gross margins that we're having this cycle. For the first time in several quarters, foreign exchange, we expect foreign exchange to be flat on a sequential basis at the gross margin level. Unfortunately, it's still a headwind at the revenue level, but at gross margin level, sequentially, we expect foreign exchange not to be a factor. And so the seasonal loss of leverage that you're referring to, we expect to be offset by cost savings. And so that should give us that level of margins. As you know, you were asking about the 50 basis points. We have guided to 50 basis points of a range before as well, this year in particular, because of the 14th week during the December quarter, we're a bit late in the calendar year, right. And so we have a bit more visibility around margins for the June quarter.
Luca Maestri: The environment on the component side is favorable. We've seen component prices decline during the March quarter, and we expect the same during the June quarter.
Luca Maestri: We said that we expect our performance during the June quarter at the revenue level to be similar to the one that we just reported for the March quarter. Keep in mind, we always have differences in the launch timing across our products, and also that especially over the last few years, we've seen a certain amount of supply disruptions. Sometimes it was COVID related, sometimes it was related to specific component shortages. Just to remind you, in the June quarter a year ago, at the full quarter impact of the launch for both of the iPhone SE and the iPad Air, which leads to a more difficult compare. So I think it's important to keep those things in mind.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So to your question around the June performance yes, on a year-over-year basis, so comparable to the March quarter on year-over-year basis.
