Tim Cook: Sure, Shannon. If you look at -- I’ll start with China. If you look at what happened in China, we were having a really good January. The lockdown started there toward the end of January, as you know. February, we saw a steep decline in demand. We closed our stores in February. As the lockdown completed in mid-February, toward the second half of February, we begin to open stores. We opened on a staggered basis that took about 30 days until mid-March. And from a demand point of view, we saw then an improvement in March over February. And if you look at, kind of where we are today, we’ve seen further improvement in April as compared to March. And so, that’s China. If you look at the rest of the world, we were doing great in January, the first five weeks of the quarter. And we do believe that we were headed toward the sort of the top end of our expectations that we had talked to you about on the last call. The next five weeks were spent sort of reacting and getting the supply chain back up in full force and working through the sharp decline in China that I already talked about. The real thing for the rest of the world happened in March when the shelter-in-place orders went in and the work-from-home began. For those two, three weeks period, at the end of the quarter, we saw a sharp decline in demand. If you now step out into April and look at that, early April started like the end of March, but in the second half of April, we’ve seen an uptick across really across the board. It’s not just related to a certain geo or a certain product. We think, by looking at it, a part of it is due to just our new products, a part of it is due to the stimulus programs taking effect in April, and then a part of it is probably the consumer behavior of knowing this is going to go on for a little while longer and getting some devices and so forth lined up to work at home more. In particular for as I think Luca shared, we believe that iPad and Mac are going to improve on a year-over-year basis during this quarter, and that’s customers that are either taking online education or working remotely. So, complex answer to your question, but that’s what we’re seeing.
Tim Cook: Well, we’re continuing to operate. And so, as you can tell, along with everything else going on, we were able to launch and ship the iPhone SE, the iPad Pro with the Magic Keyboard, and the MacBook Air. And so, the business continues and the new products are our lifeblood. And so, we’re continuing to work. Everybody’s getting used to the work-at-home. In some areas of the Company, people maybe even more productive, in some other areas they’re not as productive. And so, it’s mixed, depending upon what the roles are. But, as you can tell from what we did this quarter, despite the environment, we have our head down, are working because we know that our customers want the products that we’ve got. They’re even more important in these times.
Tim Cook: Well, as you know, we launched the payment plan earlier on Apple Card for iPhone. We’re working on doing that for other products as well. And you’ll see something on that shortly. So, we’re very-focused on the affordability point. The trade-in programs also are fairly wide across the board and act as both something great for the environment, also something great from a way to get that entry price down. In terms of deferred payments, nothing to announce today. But, as you know, having access to the card, at least in the United States, gives us more degrees of freedom. And that is not using our balance sheet. But, we play a key role in deciding what kind of programs go with the card.
Tim Cook: I think, there are things from just a great reminder of how important our products are for remote work. And it’s pretty clear to me that where things will get a lot closer to normal than they are today, obviously. I think many people are finding that they can learn remotely. And so, I suspect that trend will accelerate some. I think that’s probably also true about working remotely in some areas and in some jobs. And so, I think we have significant solutions and products for all of those groups. On the health area, I gave some examples in my opening comments about the ECG being used on the Watch. You can bet that we’re looking at other areas in this. We were already doing that because we viewed that that area was a huge opportunity for the Company and a way for us to help a lot of people. And so, you will see us continue on that. I wouldn’t say that the health door opened wider. I would say, it was already opened fairly wide.
Tim Cook: Amit, it’s Tim. If you look at the iPhone channel inventory during Q2, the reduction of it was more than the reduction from the previous year. It’s not unusual that we reduce in Q2. In fact, if you look back, generally speaking, in the first half of the calendar year, we reduce channel inventories; during the second half of the calendar year, we generally raise channel inventories. That’s a seasonal thing. And sitting here today, I believe that will happen this year as well. So, hopefully, that answers your question. And by the way, we ended in a comfortable position. You could conclude from that that we were within a target range.
Tim Cook: As you know, our supply chain is global. And so, our products are truly made everywhere. And I would focus on that versus focus on one element of the manufacturing process, which tends to get more visibility, which is the final assembly. We have some final assembly in the United States; we have final assembly in China as well. I think, you’d have to conclude, or at least I conclude that if you look at the shock to the supply chain that took place this quarter, for it to come back up so quickly really demonstrates that it’s durable and resilient. And so, I feel good about where we are. That said, we’re always looking at tweaks. And it’s just not something we talk about, because if we view it as confidential and competitive information. And so, we will look at the -- as we get out of this totally, we will look to see what we learned and what we should change.
Tim Cook: I haven’t seen what you’re asking. No. I have seen a strong customer response to iPhone SE, which is our most affordable iPhone. But it appears that those customers are primarily coming from wanting a smaller form factor with the latest technology, or coming over from it from Android. So, those are the two principal kind of segments versus somebody buying down, as you’re talking about it. We’ve also seen -- we launched the iPad Pro in the midst of all of this and the reception there has also been incredibly good. And that’s obviously our top of the line iPad. And so, I’m not seeing what you’re alluding to, at least at this point.
Tim Cook: Yes. What we saw in China for the full quarter -- and I’ll speak about mainland China because I think that’s the source of your question. We saw strong results in iPad and in Wearables, and in Services. And if you look up underneath the full quarter, we saw a strong January, and then a significantly reduced demand in February as the shelter-in-place orders and the lockdowns went into effect in China and the stores closed. And then, in March, as stores reopened, the recovery began. And then, we’ve seen further recovery in April. Where that goes, we will see. But that’s kind of what we’ve seen so far there. To your question about store traffic, store traffic is obviously up from where it was in February, but it is not back to where it was pre the lockdown. There has been, however, more move to online. And as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, it’s pretty phenomenal actually. Retail had a quarterly record for us during the quarter. And that’s despite stores being closed for the three-week period around the world. And ex China -- and then China was closed prior to that three weeks. And that’s partly because the online store had such a phenomenal quarter, and that included in China, but it was also other regions as well. So, there is definitely a move. And whether that’s a permanent shift, I would hesitate to go that far, because I think people like to be out and about. They just know that now is not the time to do that.
Tim Cook: I think, it plays in every geo, but I would expect to see it doing even better in areas where the median incomes are less. And so, we’ll see how that plays out. And I expect some fair number of people switching over to iOS. So, it’s an unbelievable offer. It’s, if you will, the engine of our top phones in a very affordable package. And I think -- and it’s faster than the fastest Android phones. And so, it’s an exceptional value.
Tim Cook: Chris, we’ve always been about delivering the best product at a good price. And that fundamental strategy has not changed at all. As you know, we did have an SE for a while. It’s great to bring it back. It was a beloved product. And so, I wouldn’t read anything into that other than we want to give people the best deal that we can while making the best product.
Tim Cook: Yes. For March, Chris, we saw NAND pricing increase slightly while DRAM and displays and the other commodities declined. For the June quarter, we would expect NAND and DRAM pricing to remain at this historically low level, while displays and most other commodity prices we expect to decline.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So, Shannon, as we said, we manage the Company for the long term, right? So, we know that the core of the business, the core of the Company is innovation and product and services development. So, we will continue to invest in our pipeline. We’re very excited about what we have in store. And so, we will continue to invest there. Obviously, we are aware of the environment and so, we will manage the SG&A portion of the company tightly. We are making new investments in the new services that we launched recently. As you know, we purchased the baseband activities from Intel. And obviously, we want to develop that technology because we consider it’s a core technology for us. And so, we will try to balance the need to continue to invest during difficult circumstances and the fact that we like to manage the business wisely.
Luca Maestri: Let me answer that, Katy. First of all, on the buyback. As I said, in general, our approach to capital allocation has remained the same for the last several years and it’s not changing now. Keep in mind here, we’re talking about just the authorization, right? And when you look at our actual results at the end of every quarter, you see how much we actually do in terms of share repurchases. The $50 billion is in addition to over $40 billion that is still remaining from the past authorization that we’ve received from our Board, right? So it’s the total available or outstanding in terms of authorization is over $90. And as you look at our run rate during the last several years, you know that that is a very adequate amount. And as you know, we will provide an additional update a year from now. So, nothing really has changed there. And nothing has changed on our approach for M&A. We’ve been quite active over the last several years. We purchase companies on a very regular basis. We’re always looking for ways to accelerate our product roadmaps or fill gaps in our portfolio, both on the hardware side, on the software side, on the services side. So, we will continue to do that. And so, also on the M&A front, nothing has changed.
Luca Maestri: Jeriel, let me take that one. We typically don’t give a lot of specifics about our categories. But I’ve said, as we look into the June quarter, we see two distinct trends in our services business overall. Our ecosystem is very strong. Our customers are very engaged. We are continuing to grow double digits, the number of transacting accounts and paid accounts. And so, we expect our digital services to continue at the same level of performance that we have seen during the March quarter. And that includes the App Store, of course, our video business, our music business, cloud services. So, we expect all these businesses to continue to grow very strongly. Given the overall economic environment, the level of demand right now, there are two businesses that we believe are going to be impacted during the June quarter. One of them is AppleCare. AppleCare is essentially comprised of our product repair business and the warranty agreements that we signed with our customers when they purchase our devices. Both these businesses have been affected obviously by the store closures. And not only our retail stores, but also our partners points of sale, and obviously, the reduced level of customer traffic because of the social distancing measures. Right? And we do expect AppleCare to be affected during the during the June quarter. The other business, which we think is going to be impacted by the overall economic weakness and the uncertainty on when businesses will reopen is advertising, which is the sum of our advertising business on the App Store, on Apple News, and the third party agreements that we have on the advertising front. So, these are two things that during the June quarter will create a headwind for the Services business.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Tim, I think I speak for everyone on the call that we’re all very appreciative of Apple’s contribution during this pandemic. We all appreciate it.
Wamsi Mohan: Tim, in past downturns, we have not really seen Apple pull back from investing. And you as a company have largely maintained the product introduction cadence. But given these are unprecedented times and there are a lot of challenges associated with product development, during a time when you have a global footprint for such activities and unable to really do a lot of things in person, how should we think about the product development and introduction cadence as we go over the next several quarters? And I have a follow-up.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you, Tim. As a follow-up, I know you’re doing a lot with both the Apple Card and financing plan for iPhones to get your products in the hands of customers. But, I was wondering, would you consider using the strength of your balance sheet maybe a little differently, structure maybe deferred payments or things like that, or do you think that there could be other steps like bundling that you will consider versus what you already currently do? Thank you.
