Peter Oppenheimer: Katy, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect our gross margins to be between 36% and 37%, which is consistent with what we expected in the June quarter. And on a sequential basis, that would mean that gross margin would be largely flat to slightly down. We are on track to have a very busy fall. I would like to leave it there and go into more detail on October. 
Peter Oppenheimer: The inventory on the balance sheet was really up for two reasons. First, we have got more storage this year than we had last. So, our finished goods inventory was a part of the inventory increase and then our components inventory was up as well. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. First of all, let me say, we are very pleased with gross margin in the quarter at 36.9%. It was at really the high end of the range that we provided of 36% to 37%. And the sequential decline was not a surprise to us. We understood the warranty effects in March. And as I said on last quarter’s call, we expect that our margins to be down sequentially primarily for two reasons. The first is the lower sequential revenue, so we lost leverage going from March to June, and we expected a different product mix. And as you can see, we reported very near the top end of that and feel good. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Well we had some puts and takes within the quarter, but it was – it ultimately ended up within the range that we thought it would be and we hit the high end. 
Peter Oppenheimer: Conversely, we would expect some FX pressure in the quarter given the strengthening in the dollar, particularly against the yen. 
Peter Oppenheimer: All of that is on the income statement, so you got the ending basic and diluted, but let me give you a couple of points that I think could be helpful for you. During the June quarter, we concluded the first $2 billion ASR program that we started in December and then so we got the final shares in on those, and we did our second ASR program of $12 billion, that started at the end of April and we received 23.5 million shares initially on that. And I went through in my prepared remarks, at some point during fiscal ‘14 that program will close and we will get the final number of shares. We also bought back 4 billion of stock in the open market during the June quarter and received about 9 million shares. So, the impact of those in the June quarter lowered our diluted share count in the quarter by about 22.9 million shares. And as you look forward into the September quarter before any further buybacks or any issuance to employees we would expect to see an additional approximate 11 million share benefit from the things that occurred during the June quarter. 
Tim Cook: Katy, it’s Tim. From an iPad point of view, or iPad and iPhone, we reduced inventory, and reduced it fairly significantly. iPad was down over 700,000 units in the beginning of the quarter and iPhone was down over 600. As you know from working with us over several quarters, we typically don’t like to have any more inventory than we need. And so if we can find a way to reduce, we do so. And we have done that in both of these cases. We also have slight decreases in the Macintosh area and on iPod. 
Tim Cook: Well from a growth point of view for Apple our key catalysts will be, always will be new products and new services and these are above in existing categories that we’re in and in new categories. In addition to this we have opportunities and distribution from carrier relationships to expanding our retail stores, expanding our online store and continuing to expand the indirect channel and we also have a market expansion opportunity, Peter mentioned enterprise in his comments and the share positions that we have there over 60% in both iPad and iPhone and I think we’re at the very front end of that and so I think we have lots of growth opportunities. And I don't subscribe to the common view that the higher end if you will of the smartphone market is at its peak. I don’t believe that but we will see and we will report our result as we go along. 
Tim Cook: For us if you look year-over-year. We had 2.4 million unit decline but 80% of that or 1.9 million units were just due to changes in channel inventory. As I think Peter referenced earlier, we reduced by over 700 in the current quarter and the year ago quarter had an increase of 1.2 and so the underlying sell through declined by just 3%. If you look at the situation that we’re in in the year ago quarter we had just announced the third-generation iPad which was our first iPad with a retina display. We had announced in March and so that was our first full quarter and so from what Peter and I expected 90 days ago we hit within the midpoint of the range that we expected to hit on iPad unit sales and so it was not a surprise to us. In terms of how other people are doing, I don't know. What I can tell you is that most recent data I have gotten which actually just came out I believe this morning is that the iPad Web share data shows that through the quarter we accelerated further and are now, iPad accounts for 84% of the web traffic from tablets which is absolutely incredible and so if there are lots of other tablets selling I don't know what they are being used for because that’s a pretty, the basic function is web browser. We feel really good about where we are. Peter had mentioned earlier we had an incredible quarter in U.S. education setting a new record for iPad. We’re really happy to be selected for the first phase of 660,000 unit roll out at LA Unified and really bold move they are making to change teaching and learning and we had double-digit unit growth in China, for iPad in Japan, in Canada, in Latin America, in Russia, in the Middle East and in India and so we’re really happy with what we saw. 
Tim Cook: Yes, sure. From an iPhone point of view, Toni, with the moves that we made on 4 and with iPhone 5 continuing to be the most popular model we saw very strong sales in several of the emerging markets or prepaid markets. India was up over 400%. Turkey and Poland were both up over 60%. The Philippines were up about 140%. And in addition, we saw very strong iPhone sales in several of the developed markets. For example, the U.S. was up over 50%, Japan up over 60%, the UK about 50%, and so we had several regions, where iPhone growth actually accelerated from the previous quarter, which is a unusual pattern for us and we were very, very happy with this. 
Tim Cook: China was weaker in the quarter, although the datasheet that obviously focuses on revenue doesn’t really tell the complete story here. If you look at sell-through as we have mentioned earlier with the inventory changes, it’s important to do that. And so our sell-through in China was only down 4% from the year ago quarter when you normalized for channel inventory. Hong Kong was actually down more significantly. Mainland China was actually up year-over-year. It was up 5%, but that is the lower growth rate than we have been seeing and are attributed to many things including the economy there clearly doesn’t help us or nor others. In Hong Kong, Hong Kong is an international shopping haven as you know for not only tourist but also some resellers and we saw more dramatic downturn there, it's not totally clear exactly what had occurred but it was down on a sell through basis by about 20% so that weighed greater China down as you can see in your data sheet. 
Tim Cook: No I’m not opposed to it. I see channels doing it and I like the environmental aspect of it and so that part of it really is encouraging today. 
Tim Cook: I think it's important to put in perspective. If you combine the stores (ph) that we have in Greater China our revenues there were 4.9 billion for the quarter and so that 14% powered the company which is very significant and in a few years that was in 100s of millions and so we have run our business there significantly. We have a very strong market there and in the last 12 months we have done 27 billion on a trailing basis and so it's a huge business for us. Underlying the results are, if you look at iPad sell through in greater China was up 8% but the sell through in Mainland China was up 37% and so iPad is doing remarkably well. The latest share numbers we have seen on iPad for the tablet market is over 50% and year-to-date iPad units are up 48% year-over-year and so there have been direct growth there. From an ecosystem point of view we continue to attract a lot of developers from China. We now have about a 0.5 million developers in China that are working on iOS apps and that’s up almost 70% year-over-year and so I think that’s in top economy (ph) for China but for outside of China is many offered their apps through, in different stores around the world. We’re obviously paying the developers quite a bit and so that’s furthering advancement of the ecosystem of developers. We’re continuing to invest in distribution, we’re going to double the number of retail stores there for the next two years and we’re continuing to lift iPhone point of sales and iPad sales both of which are currently lower than where we would them or need them today but we’re doing that very cautiously with what we want to do with great quality. And so I continue to believe that in the arc of time here, China is a huge opportunity for Apple and I don’t get discouraged over a 90-day cycle that can have economic factors and other things in it. 
Tim Cook: Gene, it’s Tim. The reference that Peter made earlier was to the iPhone 4 and what we have seen is that the number of first-time smartphone buyers that the iPhone 4 is attracting is very, very impressive. And we want to attract as many of these buyers as we can. And we saw that beginning to happen towards the end of the Q2 timeframe as I have referenced on last quarter’s call and we did that on a wider spread basis offered the more affordable pricing on a wider scale basis this quarter and continued to be very happy with what we saw and where iPhone 5 continues to be the most popular iPhone by far, we are really happy to provide an incredible high-quality product with iPhone 4 running iOS 6 to as many first-time smartphone buyers as we can. And I think it’s proven to be exactly a great product for that buyer. 
Tim Cook: There is always more weapons. And we have more than one tool in the toolbox, but yes, it’s a great way for a buyer to get into the iOS ecosystem and the customer set ratings that we have with iOS 6 and the stickiness of the platform is huge. And so it’s great for customers and we are very glad to offer it. 
Tim Cook: We will see, Gene. We are working on some stuff that we are really proud of and we will see how it does, and we will announce things when we are ready. 
Tim Cook: I would classify them as being good. The processing on Russia probably needs some color. The articles I have seen suggested that we are not selling iPhone through carrier owned stores. If that’s the one that you are referencing if you look at the Russian market, over 80% of smartphones are sold in retail. They are outside of carrier-owned stores and we sell through a number of national chains there, and in fact, our activations in Russia for iPhones were set of record last quarter, is our highest quarter in Russia ever. And so we are really happy with now we’re doing there. We do continue to sell through some carrier on stores as well but obviously the contribution is much less than the retail organizations and so forth and so I think that's probably not well understood there. We’re continually looking for other relationships to both add and enhance the once we have got and I do think there are some opportunities there for us. 
Tim Cook: We certainly have no problem procuring. In terms of where we see pricing headed and this would have been factored into the most fortune guys (ph) appear a bit earlier. Despite the very, very weak PC market DRAM pricing has actually increased and we see continued upper pressure in this area. NAND pricing is fairly stable and it's following seasonal trends as we would expect, both LCDs and HDDs have, the prices have fallen and we would expect further reductions in these areas and if you look at other commodities they appear to be in supply for an imbalance and so we would expect the pricing to decline on these sort of historical levels. 
Tim Cook: Steve I think about it as differently than that, the way I think about is, we’re here to make great products and we think that if we focus on that and do that really, really well that the financial metrics will also come and so we don’t see those two things being mutually exclusive. We see them having great overlap and I think if you look at how the company has executed over many years you would suggest that that’s possible. 
Tim Cook: We started the product because we believe that the most important saying is that our customers love the products and want them, if you don’t start at that level you can wind up creating things that people don’t want. So we try very hard to focus on products and customers, enriching customers and making great products. 
Tim Cook: Keith in terms, we don’t project ASPs, we do give guidance and we have an assumption of the ASP for the current quarter in our guidance obviously to come up with the numbers that Peter talked about earlier. If you look underneath the iPhone numbers, I think Peter alluded to earlier, we saw significant growth clearly in the lower price point year-over-year which for us is iPhone 4, it's still a great product. And that was one of the things and the iPhone 5 doing well that allows us to significantly beat what I think is probably the vast majority of expectations out there for iPhone sales. And so I don’t think we do a lot better at the low end and where we sell more of those in the mix change that it has changed across the last year. If you look at 3GS last year, which was in a comparable position as our entry product, we are selling a lot more 4s and 3GSs, I think we both understand the market much better and have our things on the pulse of distribution in different countries and so forth this year. I am sure that we will get better and better at that over time and how that will change mix, I don’t know. Typically, for us, a product has the highest mix during its initial few months of sales, and so you have a natural kind of seasonal decline over time of a product cycle that generally happens on iPhone, it generally happens on iPad, and we have seen it happen on the Mac over many years. And so I don’t see anything that fundamentally would change that, but again, we are going to look at this thing quarter-by-quarter and tell you how we look at the quarter and give you guidance forward as we go. 
Tim Cook: I see it is very important. It is a part of the ecosystem, and so just like the app store is a key part of the ecosystem and iTunes and all other content are key and the services we provide from messaging to and (inaudible) support. Having something in the automobile is very, very important, it's something that people want and I think that Apple can do this in a unique way better than anyone else. So it's a key focus for us. 
