Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. We expect, as I said in my prepared remarks our gross margins to be between 36.5% and 37.5%. So, essentially inline with the September quarter we’re pleased to be guiding gross margin about flat sequentially given all the new products that we have launched in the last few weeks. During the quarter we expect gross margin to benefit from the leverage on the substantial sequential increase in revenue. Offsetting these benefits we see a few factors including the higher deferred revenue relating to the software that I talked about in my prepared remarks. And as I said we expect the sequential increase in our deferral which is not only revenue but affects margin as well to be $900 million. Second, a richer mix of new iPad’s with higher cost structures and lower pricing. Third, FX headwinds primarily from the Yen and fourth, the new lower priced MacBook Pro and iMac which have higher cost structures and credit structures. So those are four things that I would point out Katy.Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, very helpful. Tim, the press and even some of your competitors are quite complementary of the innovation in iPhone 5s. But it seems like investors are looking or glancing over the 64-bit ARM processor, the fingerprint sensor, the M7 processor and part of this is that they’re not exactly sure what those technologies enable, i.e. why do you need a 64-bit ARM processor in a phone. So, just hoping you could enlighten us a little bit on that question.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure, Ben. We have been defying revenues for the sale of each iOS device and Mac given that we have been providing updates to software. Given the announcements that we made last week and that I went through it in my prepared remarks, we have actually increased those deferrals. iPhone and iPad, we are differing between $15 and $25. That's up as much as $5 per device and Mac has been some $20 to $40, so up an additional $20. On a sequential basis, given the increased deferral rates that we have as a result of increase in the software that we are providing to customers for free coupled with our sequential unit increases, we will defer we think about $900 million more in revenue in the December quarter than we deferred in the September quarter. So you can calculate the impact to gross margin on that. We will also and that goes straight through the margin, its revenue and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in gross margin. We will then record that revenue that we’ve deferred for iOS devices across a two year period of time ratably and for Max over a four year period of time. So, Ben just to summarize, we happen to frame revenue on both iOS devices and Max for a number of years given the software that we have been giving away for free. We have increased those rates beginning in September for the iOS devices and in October for the Max, and it will come back into those products over two and four years as I said.
Peter Oppenheimer: Ben, I’d just add on to that, thank you for saying it and I agree; and I would also say that we’re really happy to be guiding gross margin flat not only because of the deferral but in addition to all of the new products that we’ve introduced with higher cost structures and lower prices and we’ll -- no hard and fast commitments, but we’re going to work really hard to get down the cost curves as we have successfully in the past.
Peter Oppenheimer: Probably in that range, Gene. I didn’t do it precisely, but you can take the $900 million that we’re deferring across the revenue range as we did the math.
Peter Oppenheimer: I don’t know if there’s any structural difference’s, but I’ll make a couple of comments and I’m not giving guidance beyond the December quarter but just a couple of things to think about. We’re benefiting this quarter as I talked about in answering Katy’s question from the benefits of leverage given the very big sequential increase in revenue. Leverage cut both ways, so presumably that would go against us in the March quarter. However we would expect to defer less for the software deferrals in the March quarter as well. And as I noted at the end of Ben’s question, we will endeavor to work very hard to get down cost curves as we have in the past, no change.
Peter Oppenheimer: Steve, I don't want to put a precise amount on it but we – I see us benefiting from a couple of things in the quarter; the leverage on the higher revenue by far being the biggest. As Tim mentioned, we expect to have a positive commodity environment and selling iPhones is never a bad thing from the margin perspective.
Peter Oppenheimer: Chris, it's Peter. Sequentially we were relatively flat, so I'll comment on a year-over-year basis. They were down 7% as you indicated and this was primarily due to a significant increase in the sales of our entry SKUs where we had made them more affordable to attract more first-time smart buyers. We've also encouraged some FX headwinds from the yen, the Australian dollar and a number of the emerging markets which impacted us as well. I don't want to forecast ASPs for the December quarter. We'll report to you in January what they were. But the FX headwinds will likely continue given where exchange rates are today.
Peter Oppenheimer: I think carriers like to sell as many units as they can and get as many people in their service. And in most regions walk into the un-serviced contracts and so they're very predictable and reliable and I don't really see that changing. I think the carriers have come up with some different or some carriers have come up with different sales programs that might appeal to someone who wants to upgrade their phone annually instead of every other year. I think those programs in general probably reduce the subsidy somewhat in the aggregate for people that take these up. But customers may due to such a fair exchange for getting the upgrade more often, so there's a customer proposition for it. Other than that I think we have great relationships with the carriers. I think they were as we were very happy with the iPhone rollout.
Tim Cook: Well, I think everything that you mentioned Katy is the front end of a long road map and so we have the first 64-bit smarphone as you mentioned and this is our first use of the fingerprint sensor and if you’ve used it thus far you know that it's pretty profound to -- use it from a security point of view and use it also to purchase apps or music or movies et cetera. And so, both of these I think are the most important person here obviously is what our customers think and these new innovations on the 5s and the 5c combined led us to have our best iPhone launch ever with selling about nine million units through the weekend. So it was -- we’re off to a great start.
Tim Cook: Bill, its Tim. If you look at what we’ve done with our iPhone line, we’re selling the iPhone 4s as our entry offer. We’re selling the iPhone 5c as sort of a mid-tier offer and then of course the iPhone 5s. And our goal is to overall have growth worth for total iPhone, but also within that we want to have each of those categories grow as compared to the -- what we were doing previously. And so, if you take look at the total offers that we’re making and low-end space and mid-tier and high-end, the sum of all the price points we offer there we’d like to grow in each one of those and we’re really pleased that we did that, and so that’s how we measure partly measure success, because the most important thing for us is to make a great product, but we do need growth and we’re happy that we’ve seen that. I realize that some people were reading rumors about that the entry phone would be the 5c, but that was never our intent obviously. Our entry iPhone is the iPhone 4s and as you know from comments that I’ve made previously we were selling the iPhone 4 in very good volumes and as we began to experiment in different regions at somewhat lower price points we saw a fair amount of price elasticity and so we’re hoping and thinking that, that will continue with the 4s.
Tim Cook: All things being equal what we would normally see on our products is that you have a large number of people that are early adopter related that come into the market right after we announced and buy our very best product. So other things being equal that's what we would expect to see.
Tim Cook: Tony, I didn't say in April that you would see them in this year and the first half of next year just to be clear on that. But what I have said is – I have said that you would see some exciting new products from us in the fall of this year and across 2014. And I obviously stand by that and you've seen a lot of things over the last couple of months. In terms of new product categories, specifically if you look at the skills that Apple has from hardware, software and services and at incredible app ecosystems, these set of things are very, very unique. I think no one has a set of skills like us and we obviously believe that we can use our skills in building other great products that are in categories that represent areas where we do not participate today. So we're pretty confident about that.
Tim Cook: Tony, the 400 number just to clarify your number not mine, what we did with our lineup this time was the 4s is replacing the 4 and so if you look at the U.S. as an example, the 4s is now 3, the 4 previously was 3. When you translate that out of the U.S., it depends on the market as to what specifically is happening. As you know currency changes and the strength of the dollar doesn't play in our favor in some geos from that perspective. But generally we see the 4s as our entry iPhone offer that gives somebody the ability to access the entire ecosystem with a fantastic product. And we clearly understand that there is elasticity in that market and we'll move accordingly.
Tim Cook: Yes. Ben we had a pretty good quarter in China. We obviously want to do better. But if you look at the quarter, we did grow by 6%. Underneath that, iPhone units were up 25% year-over-year despite significant constraints on iPhone 5s that affected the whole company [ph]. However, we were able to launch in our first round this time in China and that was a big change in the result of a close work relationship with the carriers in China and the government. And so we feel really good about that. We are able to do that on the iPad as well as we announced last week. For the full year, the Greater China region generated over $27 billion in sales for us, up 14% year-over-year. So we have a reasonable sized business there. In the year-ago quarter, iPad launched. It launched late in China and so that pressure, the 6% down some otherwise it would have been I think even a stronger quarter given the strength of iPhone. So we are continuing to invest in stores. We opened one additional store in Greater China in the last few weeks. We're investing in indirect distribution. Our point-of-sales are up by about 50% year-over-year on the iPhone and we're continuing to go out to more cities. Initially we were very focused on just the large cities and so we're working on both coverage on launching earlier and execution and continuing to build on our retail practice there.
Tim Cook: Gene, its Tim. We continue to view the tablet market as huge. We see it as a large opportunity for us. We are not solely focused on unit share as I’ve said many times, but we’re focused on usage in customer’s side, the loyalty and other things that are very important to us. We do believe that this has been or the announcement last week was our largest iPad announcement ever and we’re confident we’re going to grow year-over-year, and if you look back we had a very, very strong quarter a year ago. We get off to a great start this weekend with iPad Air. And then later in the months we’ll begin shipping the new Mini. We do feel that we wanted to reduce the price of the iPad Mini and so we did that and now we’re coming in at $299 which is an incredible value to get access to the whole of the ecosystem and so forth. And iPad Air is just, it's absolutely incredible product, the best iPad we have ever done. And so, I think all of these are – [ph] thus these products are going to do really well. I think it’s going to be an iPad Christmas and -- but we will see, we will report the numbers back to you in January how we did, but we are pretty confident.
Tim Cook: Our primary reason for doing it Shannon was that we wanted it to become a part of what it meant to own a Mac and what it meant to own an iOS device. We saw iWork had become the best selling productivity app on a mobile device. We wanted all of our customers to have access to our very latest software, so they would have access to our best features. And so we decided to make the bold move of making it free and I know some other folks charge a $199 or so for each of these actually for the OS and the productivity apps. But we really wanted to make it a part of the experience and so we are making it free and we are going back all the way to Snow Leopard on the OS side and iWork is free for all new Macs and so I think it’s a very strong offer, I think it’s just another reason that everyone should buy Mac and we think it was great decision to do so, but most importantly we think it’s great for customers.
Tim Cook: It’s a good question. We had our best education quarter ever. We went over a $1 billion in revenues for the first time ever. We were up strongly year-over-year up 8%. iPad was up 22% year-over-year and the Mac was up 8% and as you know the PC market was down 10% in the aggregate and likely down even more in education. And so we feel like we’re doing great on both fronts, both in the iPad space and in the Mac space for people wanting to buy Mac. And we do see Chromebook’s in some places, but the vast majority of people are buying PC/Mac or an iPad. Our share of tablet in education is 94%. I mean it’s -- yeah, it’s sort of unheard of. I have never seen a market share that high before. So we feel like we are doing really well here and are great to be making -- feel great to be making a contribution to education.
Tim Cook: Sure. Steve it’s Tim. In terms of supply, iPhone 5s into the quarter with a very significant backlog. We are still -- we still have a significant backlog. However, our supply is building each week and we’re -- we’ve been -- and we’re very confident of our ability to keep ramping and so we rolled out 30 more countries with the iPhone 5s and 5c as of last Friday and we'll roll out another 16 this week. And so we're right on where we would like to be in terms of achieving 100 countries by the end of the calendar year. In terms of the retina or the iPad Mini with the retina display, we'll start shipping later in November. It's unclear whether we will have enough for the quarter or not. We now have mini – we will have but you really don't know the demand until after you start shipping and so we'll see how that goes. But I think we'll do fairly well with iPad as I had mentioned before. We felt like it's going to be a really great holiday season. On terms of component cost, both DRAM and NAND were up last quarter from the previous quarter. DRAM we believe will continue to be up in this quarter. We think NAND will be flat and other commodities will fall sequentially.
Tim Cook: I think the way – the number one thing to know on the channel inventory is that our range as you know for iPhone is four to six weeks and we were at the low end of our range. And so that to me is the most – that's the most important thing I look at anyway I should say. You can choose to look at the thing that's most important to you. In terms of a changing from where it's been in the past, the things that you should consider are the – China was in wave one this year, so there was a lot more point-of-sales there. We added DOCOMO in Japan. And so that's a large carrier to add. And what probably were not in the opening comments was that of the 14 million, 1.8 million of those were iPhones that were in transit and therefore not available to sale in the channel. And we always count those in channel inventory because they are in our sales line. And so that's how I look at the iPhone inventory.
Tim Cook: As I mentioned on the iPhone 5s I feel like we're doing really well on supply. The demand is very robust. And so we are in backlog right now. But I feel confident about us continuing to ramp and do quite well for the quarter. On the iPad Mini we'll start shipping later this month and it's very difficult to forecast exactly when supply and demand will balance there. We'll also see about the iPad Air as we go out this week. I think we'll have a really good weekend. It may be that not everyone can find what they want more [ph]. I think versus last year I think one key difference is we announced one of our key Macs, the iMac but we didn't begin shipping until the end of December. And so we went for more than two months with minimal iMac sales and therefore from a Mac point of view year-over-year last year, we had – our only down a quarter, down versus the market that is in the last 30 quarters. And so I don't envision that happening this year. I feel really good about the way the MacBook Pros have gotten off last week. They've gotten off to a huge start. I feel great about Mac growing year-over-year this quarter. I feel great about iPad growing year-over-year this quarter as well. You can tell that from the strong guidance numbers that Peter gave earlier.
Tim Cook: The 5s was in huge backlog and so any kind of 5s that was in the channel was a transitionary kind of move – maybe perhaps in transit and so forth. We did have as I mentioned before, we had 1.8 million units of total iPhone units in transit at the end of the quarter. So that's a pretty substantial number.
