Tim Cook: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Shannon. We're seeing -- in the iPhone space, we saw a better year-over-year performance in the last weeks of the quarter as compared to the full quarter or November and December, which was sort of a -- it appears to be the trough. I think there's a set of reasons for this. One, we made some price adjustments essentially backing out the weaker currency effect and then some. There's stimulus programs that the government has executed including -- and this happened in early April, VAT being reduced from 16% to 13%, so they've been aggressive in the stimulus side. Three, our trade-in and financing programs that we’ve implemented in our retail stores have been very well received there, and I'm happy with the results to date there. And then four, there's an improved trade dialog between the U.S. and China. And from our point of view, this has affected consumer confidence on the ground there in a positive way. And so, I think it's a set of all of these things and we certainly feel a lot better than we did 90 days ago.
Tim Cook: Yeah. Thank you, Shannon. We're glad to put the litigation behind us, and all the litigation around the world has been dismissed and settled. We're very happy to have a multi-year supply agreement, and we're happy that we have a direct license arrangement with Qualcomm, which was I know important for both companies, and so we feel good about the resolution.
Tim Cook: We have made some adjustments in India, and we've seen preliminarily some better results there. Everything that we do does advise everything we do in the future, so we try to learn the best we can and hold [ph] that into our thinking, and we'll obviously do that with this as well.
Tim Cook: Katy, this is one that I'm going to largely punt on as you would probably guess. We look at a lot of things on the different technologies and try to look at the -- and select the right time that things come together and get those into products as soon as we can. And the -- certainly from a cost point of view there has been -- the technologies have had cost pressure over the last couple of years or so. On the flip side of that there's a number of things in the commodity markets going in the other direction at the moment like DRAM and NAND. And so it's difficult to project what happens next, but it's the aggregate of all of it that really matters from a price point of view.
Tim Cook: Yeah. Jim, in the opening remarks I was really talking about China specifically. And I mentioned four things that I believe are responsible for the better year-over-year performance in the Q2 relative to Q1 and also the final weeks of March being better than the Q2 average. And those four are the price reductions, but that's one of them. But there are three others and one of the others is the trade-in and financing programs that we instituted in our retail stores. Clearly, what we've learned here and it's not a surprise really is that the -- many, many people do want to trade-in their current phone. It does -- from a customer user point of view the trade-in looks like a subsidy, and so it is a way to offset the device cost itself. And many people in literally every market that we've tried this in, there is a reasonable number of people that want to take and pay for something on installments instead of all at once. And so, it's a little different in each market in terms of what the elasticity is, but you can bet that we're learning quickly on all of those. The other two items that are not insignificant in China that I don't want to lose here is that the stimulus programs, I believe, are having an effect on the consumer. And the one that I got much visibility in -- that happened in early April was the VAT reduction from 16% to 13%, so it's a very aggressive move. But there are other stimulus programs as well that likely have an effect to the consumer level. And then finally -- and this is not to be under weighted either -- I think the improved trade dialogue between the countries affects consumer confidence in a positive way. And so, I think it's sort of the sum of all of those things.
Tim Cook: We're -- actually the product that's being traded in is all over the place, to be honest. It's 6, 6 Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7, 7 Plus and then fewer 8 and 8 Plus. But there's some of each of those and so you get customers that are on the two-year cycle and customers -- some customers on the one-year cycle and then customers as well on the three and four-year cycles. And so it's really all over the place. In terms of the incentives we're offering currently in our retail stores a trade-in value that has -- that is more than the sort of the blue book of the device if you will for lack of a better description. And so we have topped those up to provide an extra benefit to the user. The installments are different in each geography. I would say that at the moment the geography that is doing the best in installments would be China. And we have a bit of a unique offering there I think versus the -- versus what you can get in the regular market and so that probably further helps there. And so you can bet that we're learning on each of these finding the parts that the user likes the most. I think the key is we're trying to build a -- build something into the consumer mindset that it's good for the environment and good for them to trade in their current device on a new device. And we do our best of getting the current device to someone else that can use that or in some cases if the product is at an end of life we are recycling the parts on it to make sure that it can carry on in another form.
Tim Cook: Yes, I wouldn't want to get into announcing things on the call, but obviously, we're always working on new things. And -- but we're right now we're really focused on getting these four out there. We have the News+ in the market today. We'll have the Apple Arcade and the Apple TV+ products in the market in the fall and Apple Card will go out in the summer timeframe. And so we've got lots in front of us and we're very excited about getting these out there.
Tim Cook: It's growing very, very fast Mike. I think it was up around 70% over the previous year. We're expanding into new geographies as well and we still have more geographies out there that we think can move the dial further. So, it is a -- it's definitely a business that is big and getting bigger.
Luca Maestri: Yeah. Of course, we are supporting both our products and services business and you can see the trajectory of our OpEx over the different quarters. Clearly as we add new services, we will need to make the necessary investments to support them. Our Services business has multiple streams. In total, it is accretive to company gross margins. You've seen the latest -- we're running services margins at over 60%. So, it's a very important business for us in many ways for our ecosystem and for our ability to monetize it. And so, clearly we will make all the necessary investments to ensure that the new services are successful, and we're really encouraged by the level of customer response that we received so far in anticipation for the launch of these services.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Katy. And keep in mind by the way, we are reporting this guidance including a 300 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange, so actually in constant currency the numbers would be even stronger. At the product category level, we expect that we will continue to have strong revenue growth from the non-iPhone categories as we've had for the first half of our fiscal year. We're also expecting a relative improvement in our iPhone performance on a year-over-year basis in Q3 versus the first half. As Tim said, March was the strongest month of the quarter on a year-over-year basis and so this has given the confidence to provide the guidance that you've seen. Geographically, of course, as you've seen from our results for the March quarter, China is the geo where we found some challenges, but we believe the trajectory should improve over time.
Luca Maestri: And Jim, if I may add on the gross margin level as we look at pricing actions, of course, anytime you do a pricing action it is gross margin percentage diluted. But what really matters to us and what we look at -- when we look at the elasticity of these programs is to see the impact on our gross margin dollars. And what -- the experience that we've had in a few of these emerging markets has been positive in that respect and so that's what we think matters the most really.
Luca Maestri: As Tim has explained we've reach this comprehensive agreement with Qualcomm. As part of this we have agreed that we're not going to share the financial terms of the agreement, so we plan to honor that. What you see in our gross margin guidance for the June quarter we guided 37% to 38% fully comprehends the outcome of the agreement with Qualcomm.
