Nancy Paxton: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Speaking first is Apple CEO, Tim Cook; and he will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri, and then we'll open the call for questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you’ll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2013, the Form 10-Q for the first two quarters of fiscal 2014, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I’d now like to turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up please. Operator, may we have the first question.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you Ben. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as podcast on the iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 76136258 [ph]. These replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Steve Dowling at 408-974-1896408-974-1896 and financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570408-974-4570 and I'm at 408-974-5420408-974-5420. And thanks again to everyone for joining us.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Katy, it was obviously a surprise also to us. We were expecting obviously a loss in leverage from the sequential declining revenue which obviously happened. We also expect that some unfavorable mix, which also happens -- it's typical as we move away from the launch quarter. And we were expecting some cost improvements. These cost improvements came in. They came in stronger than we were anticipating. The commodity markets continue to be favorable, the product quality continues to be excellent, our teams executed really, really well. And all these things came together at the same time and it was a very nice surprise for us. As we look forward into Q4, yes, we’ve guided to 37% to 38%. Again, the mix is the normal mix that we see as we continue to move through the product cycle. And obviously in Q4, we got some transition costs because we’re expecting a very busy fall. We're bit excited about what we've got in the pipeline. And that’s the reason why we guided to that range.
Luca Maestri: So our guidance, Katy is that -- we put our numbers that we believe at this point in time with all the information that is available to us, we're going to land within. So we take into account the fact that we’ve seen some purchase delays for executing Q3, but we have seen some safe trends in certain geographies. That continues to happen. And what you see this quarter is that our guidance range is $3 billion, as opposed to $2 billion during the third quarter, just to take into account the fact that we got many moving pieces.
Luca Maestri: If I understand the question, also when you look at it in terms of absolute levels of gross margin, last year it was 37%. So our range is above that level. There is obviously many, many things that affect us in different ways from one year to the other. Foreign exchange is a case where a lot of the emerging market currencies and the yen and the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar, they have been weaker against the U.S. dollar. That has an impact on margin. And also when you think our product cycle, I think we don’t get into the specifics but this is not exactly the same cycle as we've had a year ago.
Luca Maestri: I wouldn’t necessarily draw that analogy. I think we need to start thinking from the fact that we had a very, very strong Q3. A lot of things came together extremely well. 37% to 38% is a range that is -- we think is very good, and that’s where we are right now and we still have several weeks in the quarter.
Tim Cook: It’s Tim. If you sort of back up from this, the category that we created, which has just been a little over four years, we have now sold 225 million iPads, which is I think probably a larger number than anyone would have predicted at the time and including ourselves, quite frankly. We still feel that category as a whole is in its early days and that there is also significant innovation that can be brought to the iPad and we plan on doing that. When I look at the top level numbers, I get really excited when I see that more than 50% of the iPads that we're selling are going to someone who is a first time tablet buyer. I get excited when I see that our retail share according to the MPD in the month of June was 59% of UNIX and over 70% in terms of dollars. And of course, Luca has mentioned in his preamble that our education share is 85%. We also are in the -- virtually all Fortune 500 companies, we are in 99% of them to be exact and 93% of the Global 500. However, when we dig into the business market deeper, though our market share in the U.S., in the commercial sector is good at 76% -- this is according to IDC; the penetration in business is low. It’s only 20%. And to put that in some kind of context, if you looked at penetration of notebooks in business, it would be over 60%. And so we think that there is a substantial upside in business. And this was one of the thinkings behind the partnership with IBM that we announced last week. We think that the core thing that unleashes this is a better go to market, which IBM clearly brings to the table, but even more importantly apps that are written with Mobile First in mind. Not all but many of the enterprises apps that have been written for iPad have been essentially ports from a desktop arrangement and haven’t taken full advantage of mobile. And so we're excited about bringing that to business along with partnering with IBM, which we think is a first class company. And seeing what that can do to sales of business, which I honestly believe the opportunity is huge. The market is still predicted in 2018 -- I think these are Gartner numbers -- to be about 350 million in size and put that in some context, I think the PC market right now is about 315 million. And so I think our theory that has been there honestly since the first time that we shipped iPad, that the tablet market would eventually surpass the PC market, that theory is still intact. I just think we have to do some more things to get the business side of it moving in a faster trajectory and I think we're now on to something that can really do that. So as I look at it and sort of back up from the 90 day clock kind of thing, I'm incredibly excited. I'm excited about the plans that we have on the product side and also on the go to market side, and in particular the IBM announcement. One other point I might add on this, because I think this is interesting. I don’t think it came out in our commentary so far as; the market's very bifurcated on iPad. In the BRIC countries, iPad did extremely well. The growth was very high. Like in the China it was in the 50%s, in the Middle East it was in the 60%s. Luca may have mentioned those numbers. In the developed countries like the U.S., the market is clearly weaker there. It’s interesting to note however that the U.S. as an example, we had a very, very strong Macintosh market in the U.S. and so there is probably a bit of higher add kind of stuff beginning to play out too, where higher add is clearly still very much notebook oriented. K12 on the other hand, we sell 2.5 iPads for every Mac in the K12. And so we're clearly headed into that season now and it typically starts in graduation time prime in fiscal Q3 for us. And so I think that’s probably another thing that we're seeing.
Tim Cook: China, honestly was surprising to us that it was -- we thought it would be strong but it well went past what we thought. We came in at 26% of revenue growth, including retail and if you look at the units, the unit growth was really off the charts across the board. I found 48% off that compares to a market estimate of 24%. So growing it two times the market. iPad was up as well, as I've mentioned before. The Mac was up 39% and that’s versus a market in China that’s also contracting along with markets in most parts of the world and China was projected to contract by 5%. And so we're seeing some substantial strength there and the thing that’s actually growing the most is the iTunes software and services category, which has the App Store and et cetera and that area is almost doubling year-over-year. And so it’s very, very exciting what we're seeing there. We are still in the process of rolling out along with our partner China Mobile, the TD-LTE into more cities and we're still in early going on that. That just started in January as you know. And my understanding is that later this year there will be a license for the other operators to begin shipping FDD-LTE, which I think is another big opportunity in China.
Tim Cook: Yes, the theory that you have Toni is not precisely correct. Like if I look at Europe, the operating segment of Europe for quarter or year-to-date for 2014 versus the same period last year, iPhone units were actually up 10%. Your more macro question; what I understand to be your macro question of do I think there is some sort of cannibalization going on trade-in programs on new product sales? What I think is happening in the aggregate if you look across the world is that trade-ins are actually hugely beneficial for our ecosystem because people wind up -- we have more people that are able to join the party when we have a trade-in, because in essence, it winds up being used by -- probably the prime example someone else within the family or in the example that has become more common in the last year, someone trades it in and then that goes to either somebody else in that country that is very price sensitive or somebody in a different country and I see all of this as good. In looking at how much of it cannibalizes, it is very hard to answer that question with any degree of preciseness. But my gut is that the cannibalization factor is low, because you wind up having -- you wind up attracting people that are much more price sensitive in there. I think the great thing is that our products command a much higher resale value than others do. And so that leads to a larger trade-in and from my perspective, that being the larger ecosystem, more people that wind up getting on iPhone, and as you know from following us for quite some time, if we get somebody to try an Apple product and then buy an Apple product, the likelihood that they begin buying other Apple products that may be in different categories or upgrading to one in that category and the future is very high. And so net-net, I view it to be positive. It’s very difficult to quantify with certainty.
Tim Cook: Yes, it was actually Luca, but I can comment on it. VAT was increased from 5% to 8% close to the beginning of the quarter. I think it was actually April 1 or so. That was the first planned VAT increase. There are other or at least one additional planned VAT increase in the future. This was a part of the overall tax reform package in Japan. Secondly, the carriers received some guidance from the regulators to essentially stop incenting people to transfer from another carrier at a higher amount than they were incenting their -- retaining their own customers. And so it appears that the combination of these two things dampened the whole market for smartphones in Japan. We haven’t been able to get very detailed data on share but my expectation is we're not going to see very much of a share change. And we are beginning to see some coming back of that market as we step into this quarter, may be not back to the level that it was previously but you can begin to see the market growing again which we view as very positive. In the past when we've seen these type of things, tax changes et cetera, there is usually a rush to buy before the tax increase, a pause that happens thereafter and then the market eventually goes back to some kind of steady state that may not be exactly where it was but it nears it. And so I think that’s likely our guts or that’s what happens on the VAT side. The other piece is a little harder to conclude what will happen in terms of that guidance and how long that might be employed. I don’t know that part.
Tim Cook: I can tell you this. That if you look at the growth rates, we don’t divide out each one but if you look at year-over-year growth rates and so this would be comparing the 5C to last year. It would be comparing the 4S, which was in the mid-tier. The growth in that sector was the highest growth during the quarter we just finished.
Tim Cook: I will take both of these. This is Tim. On the component question, what we saw in the June quarter was that NAND, mobile DRAM and LCD, the pricing on all of those declined, while PC DRAM increased, despite the market for PCs contracting. In the September quarter, what is factored in our guidance is that LCDs and mobile DRAM continue to decline, that NAND pricing remains essentially flat last quarter and that PC DRAM has a slight price increase. And in terms of other commodities that I didn’t talk about, we've assumed that they would decline at historical rates and so that’s factored into the gross margin guidance that Luca gave you. In terms of the installment plans that you mentioned in the U.S. relative to iPhone, there is a lot of different models that are being tried in the U.S. and throughout the world. And actually last quarter, as we estimated and this is subject to estimating but we're estimating that less than one out of four iPhones were sold on a traditional subsidy plan. And so that number is markedly different than it would have been two years ago. The installment plan that you're speaking about which gives the customer the right to upgrade SAP or faster than a usual two year cycle, we think that plays to our customer base in a large way. And so that makes us incredibly bullish that customers on those plans would be very likely to upgrade when we announce a new product.
Tim Cook: Well, I think we have a lot of really great people and I think we have the capability. As I've said before, I think we have the capability to acquire a sizable company and manage it. And relative to IBM, I feel the same way. I think you can only do so many partnerships well, and so it is unusual that we enter into a partnership. But in this particular case, I think arguably the companies are so complementary, and I've gotten to know Gini fairly well over the last couple of years and I think we see the importance of the customer, a lot of the same way and both feel that Mobile and Enterprise is just an enormous opportunity. And we’re not competing with each other. And so I think a partnership in that case is particularly great. Would we do more of either of the things we did? We’re always looking in the acquisition space, but we don’t let our money burn a hole in our pocket and we don’t do things that aren’t strategic. And so with Beats we felt we were getting an incredible subscription service, a very rare set of talent that we think can do great things in Apple and access to a very fast growing businesses in their headphone and earphone space. And culturally we felt there was a match and music has been deeply embedded in Apple’s DNA for many, many years. And so it was a great marriage and I think the partnership with IBM is a great marriage as well. It’s more like that, presented themselves -- or I think we can manage more things. I think that we have a very, very strong executive team and can do that. But it’s not my goal to acquire certain number of companies or spend a certain amount of money. We want to do things that help us make great products that are great for our customers and so forth.
Tim Cook: Yes, we didn’t talk about how the business model is going to work. But generally speaking, I think that each of us have revenue streams in the enterprise and each of us went from having those revenue streams. So that’s how I look at that. And we win if we can drive that penetration number I spoke about from 20% to 60%. That would be incredibly exciting here. The walls would shake. And so that’s what I hope for.
Tim Cook: We have no plans to change the rules with Enterprise. Some enterprises like proprietary apps that they do not want to offer to others and so we obviously have a way for them to distribute those into their enterprise or just the employees that they want to and so I'm not worried about changing that. We’re also taking friction out of the system and not adding it. Again, the big thing for us is getting the penetration number, I think getting our product, iPhones and iPads and Macs in more people hands and we think there is a huge opportunity in Enterprise to do that.
