Tim Cook: Relative to iPad supply/demand, we’ve got into a balanced situation in September with the limited number of distribution points in the 26 countries where we sold the iPad. And so we exited the quarter in a supply position that allows us to expand distribution prior to the holidays as we've planned for sometime. And hopefully you've seen some of the recent announcements of added partners in the United States. We're also expanding internationally, and will be launching additional countries as the quarter goes on.
Tim Cook: I think that which you're referring to is the quote that's on the Apple Online Store. What I would say is that the demand in all countries is absolutely staggering. And at this point I can't predict when supply will meet demand. I feel great about our ability to move the supply and the sales up from an 8 million kind of number to over 14 million. But it's clear, last quarter that wasn't enough. And we are obviously working on that, but it will take some time to increase further.
Tim Cook: It's clear that the iPhone 4 and the announcement of iPhone 4 and the demand for it took the demand to an entirely different level. And we had anticipated a very different level, but it's even higher than that.
Tim Cook: On the iPad, there have been some comments about this earlier, but just to give you some stats here, about two-thirds of the Fortune 100 are deploying or piloting iPad. And I don't know about you, but I've never seen an adoption like this in my life in enterprise. Enterprise is historically much slower moving on adoption. We're also seeing the iPad begin to pick up interest in K12 which is another market that historically adopts very, very slowly. And so the early data points look great. And as a matter of fact, we have built and are building additional capacity internally in the sales organizations, to call on businesses and obviously we have a huge amount of sales people already there calling on education institutions. We're also enabling in training our carrier partners to do the same. You probably saw a announcement last week with AT&T, and that's a direct result of customers wanting to buy the iPad on a postpaid type plan. And so we're putting a lot of energy in those. iPhone has followed a trajectory that gets into same kinds of numbers as I pointed on iPad where, or a little bit higher by now, is 85% of the Fortune 100 are deploying are deploying or piloting iPhone. And so this isn't a hobby or something we're doing lightly. We put enormous energy in the company, in engineering, in software to build a number of enterprise features in the OS. You've seen that, it gets better and better as we step through the different OS releases. And we're building the sales capability for those groups as well. It's clear that both the phone and the iPad have an enormous opportunity. The Mac is also increasingly getting pulled into an enterprise where the employees are able to select. And of course, this is a trend that we like to see, and that we think will continue in larger ways. But when people are given the choice, they would prefer a Mac, so Macs are being pulled in as well. We don't have as much distribution effort on that, but as we see if it gets any larger, we will move accordingly. The great thing is that we're maintaining our focus on the consumer, and the consumer is a forefront on thinking of all our products. And it's these consumers in the enterprise so to speak that are pulling these products in. And so we're not developing two different lines like many companies do and have enterprise versions and consumer versions. This is another part of our simplistic approach to things that I think will pay us great dividend and is already starting to do so.
Tim Cook: Chris, the pressure that I am getting is on supply. Virtually everyone we're doing business with wants more supply. So that's the pressure that I feel.
Tim Cook: We have, if you count at the country level, we have about 166 relationships that we ended the quarter with in about 89 countries. And so that's a significant expansion across from last year as we in many countries went from a single carrier relationship to more than one carrier. The latest country that we have done that in or that we've announced that in is Germany and we will be launching both with Vodafone and O2 together with our existing partner T-Mobile in Germany later this month.
Tim Cook: With iPhone 4, we're in 85 of those 89 countries. And I believe that we will be in all 89 by the end of the year.
Tim Cook: We don't give specific information out on the margins. But I think you can look at our ASPs and see that they've generally stayed above $600, and that's despite opening up several markets from an exclusive market to a non-exclusive market.
Peter Oppenheimer: In our last conference call, we talked about several things that we thought would cause margins to come down some. And all those things did play out, but margins came down actually about half of what we thought that they would. And we did a bit better in the quarter because commodity and other costs were better than we thought, and we sold more iPhones than we had planned to.
Peter Oppenheimer: Ben, in providing our guidance we thought about each of those factors that you cited, and we do see a small sequential decline. This has been primarily driven by a higher than expected mix of new iPod's that we just recently announced, and more iPad sales, and which as Steve said, we've been very aggressive with our pricing and are delivering great value to customers. So it's the higher mix of those on a sequential basis that I see impacting the gross margin slightly.
Peter Oppenheimer: Katy, we've recorded a revenue deferral of just over $100 million in the September quarter for the bumper program. We would expect to record that in revenue in the December quarter. We did ship a number of bumpers in the September quarter, and that is reflected in our gross margin, as is the number that we expect to ship in the December quarter. That's reflected in our guidance as well.
Peter Oppenheimer: Well again, this was not a surprise to us. And we, on our last conference call highlighted that we would have a higher mix of iPhone 4 sales, and we were very aggressive with feature function there. So it had a different gross margin than its predecessor product. We also sold more iPads. Again, we were very aggressive there with our pricing. And we had the bumper program and some one-time items that occurred in June that we said wouldn't occur in September. So these were sort of the factors we saw bringing down gross margin. To some extent, each of them did occur in the September quarter, but we ended up doing about 50% better than we thought as a result of the commodity market and selling more iPhones.
Peter Oppenheimer: We don't provide product specific gross margins but we are always working aggressively to lower our costs whether it's the iPhone or any of our other products. I think we have a very good track record in this regard. And we were happy with our gross margins in the September quarter, they were ahead of what we thought. And we see them being just down slightly in the December quarter as we ship more iPods where we've been quite aggressive and continue to ship more iPads as well.
Steve Jobs: Well, the iPad is clearly going to affect notebook computers. And I think the iPad proves, it's not a question of if, it's a question of when. And I think a lot of development and progress that will occur over the next few years. But we're already seeing tremendous interest in iPad from education, and much to my surprise, from business. We haven't pushed it real hard in business, and it's being grabbed out of our hands. And I talk to people everyday in all kinds of businesses that are using iPads, all the way from Boards of Directors that are shipping iPads around instead of board books, down to nurses and doctors in hospitals and other large and small businesses. So the more time that passes, the more I am convinced that we've got a tiger by the tail here. And this is a new model of computing which we've already got tens of millions of people trained on with the iPhone. And that lends itself to lots of different aspects of life both personal, educational and business. So, I see it as very general purpose, and I see it as really big. And the timing, one could argue about the timing endlessly, but I don't think one could argue that it's going to happen anymore.
Steve Jobs: I try to not predict, I try to just report. So, we'll keep you posted. As you know, we're already shipping more of them than Macs after just a few quarters.
Steve Jobs: I have a hard time envisioning what those strategies you mentioned are. I mean, in terms of pricing, so far, the little we've seen, the tablets with far less functionality are having a hard time matching us in price. Flash hasn't presented any problem at all. As you know, most of the video on the web is now available in HTML 5. And having the iTunes media store and over 35,000 apps on the App Store for iPad dwarfs anything else. And we think we have a very good product here that's going to be hard to match, and we're not done. We're working on a lot of things for the future. So I don't know exactly what these strategies are. And we've priced iPad pretty aggressively. So we're out to win this one.
Steve Jobs: Well, as you know the largest market of phones today around the world are non smartphones. And so over the next several years, many of those non-smartphones are going to convert to smartphones. And the pie is going to continue to grow, and I think there will be room for some number of companies to be successful. But eventually, as most of those phones do convert to smartphones, it will turn into a zero sum game or at least a lot closer to that. But I think right now it's a battle for developers and a battle for the mindshare of developers and a battle for the mindshare of customers. And right now iPhone and Android are winning that battle.
Steve Jobs: Well, we don't talk about unannounced products, but I'm happy to tell you what I know about Apple TV. We have gone to streaming model on Apple TV; it's complete streaming. So all the content is rented from the iTunes store or is streamed from your computer, or soon to be streamed from your iPhone or iPad with AirPlay. And so how is our new model of Apple TV doing? Well, I can report that in just a very short amount of time we've already sold a quarter million of them, over 250,000, and we're thrilled with that. I think that it's a great product and I think its $99 price point is very enticing. And I think when we get the AirPlay stuff in place before the end of this year, it's going to give another big reason for people to buy it. So we're really happy with how it's turned out.
Steve Jobs: Well, our goal is to make the best devices in the world. It's not to be the biggest; as you know, Nokia is the biggest. And we admire them for being able to ship the number of handsets that they do. But we don't aspire to be like them. They are good at being like them. We want to be like us, and we want to make the best ones. So in our part of the market, Android is our biggest competitor. They out-shipped us in the June quarter as we were transitioning to iPhone 4. They out-shipped us for the first time according to Gartner's numbers, which we think are pretty accurate. And so we're waiting to find out what happened in this quarter. We'll find out. I don't know how we'll find out, but Gartner will put out some new numbers, and maybe others will, so one of these days we'll eventually learn. And I imagine we'll be competing with them for quite some time. But we have very different approaches. And we believe in our approach very strongly is providing users products that just work. And we think there is lots of users that want that in the world, and their approach is very different than that. And there maybe lots of users that want that their approach as well. But we're going to pursue ours and we think that's the winning approach in the end.
Steve Jobs: Sure, and I'll let Tim say what he's going to say too. First of all, Nokia makes $50 handsets, and we don't know how to make a great smartphone for $50. We're not smart enough to figure that one out yet, but believe me I'll let you know, when we do. So our goal is to make a really breakthrough great product. Make the best products in every industry that we compete in and to drive the cost down, while constantly making the products better at the same time. That's what we did with iPod. We updated our products many times every year, with better functionality oftentimes at the same price, and sometimes at a lower price. And it was this relentless improvement, and in some cases a lower price that was able to beat our competition and yield the market share that it did. And as you know, we have a very low market share in the phone market in the single digits, in terms of all the handsets. And we have a very high market share now in tablets, because we're the first mover. But we don't think about it that way. The reason we wouldn't make a seven inch tablet isn't because we don't want to hit a price point, it's because we don't think you can make a great tablet with a seven inch screen. We think it's too small to express the software that people want to put on these things. And we think as a software driven company, we think about the software strategies first. And we know that software developers they're not going to deal real well with all these different size products, when they have to redo their software, every time a screen size changes. And they're not going to deal well with products where they can't put enough elements on the screen to build the kind of apps they want to build. So when we make decisions on seven inch tablets, it's not about cost, it's about the value of the product when you factor in the software. You see what I'm getting at? So we're all about making the best products at aggressive prices. And that's what we will do and that's what we've done with the iPod, and that's what we will do with the iPad as well.
Steve Jobs: You're looking at it wrong. You're looking at it as a hardware person in a fragmented world. You're looking at it as a hardware manufacturer that doesn't really know much about software, who doesn't think about an integrated product, but assumes the software will somehow take care of itself. And you're sitting around saying, "Well, how can we make this cheaper? Well, we can put on a smaller screen on it and a slower processor, and less memory." And you assume that the software will somehow just come alive on this product that you're dreaming of, but it won't. Because these app developers have taken advantage of the products that came before with faster processors, with larger screens, with more capabilities that they can take advantage of to make better apps for customers. And it's a hard one because it throws you right back into the beginning of that chicken and egg problem again to change all the assumptions on those developers. Most of them will not follow you, most of them will say, "I'm sorry, but I'm not going to go back and write a watered down version of my app just because you've got this phone that you can sell for $50 less and you're begging me to write software for it."
Steve Jobs: Of course that's been suggested to us. We strongly believe that one or more very strategic opportunities may come along that we're in a unique position to take advantage of because of our strong cash position. And I think we've demonstrated a really strong track record of being very disciplined with the use of our cash. We don't let it burn a hole in our pocket, we don't allow it to motivate us to do stupid acquisitions. And so I think that we'd like to continue to keep our powder dry because we do feel that there are one or more strategic opportunities in the future. That's the biggest reason. And there are other reasons as well that we could go into. But that's the biggest one.
Steve Jobs: Well, I think part of it is because we engineer so much of it ourselves. The A4 chip inside it is an Apple creation; everything, again, as I mentioned from the battery chemistry to the enclosures. And we've learned a lot. We've learned a lot from the miniaturization we've done on iPods and iPhones. And we're a very high volume consumer electronics manufacturer. So I think we've learned a lot. We've developed a lot of our own components where other have to buy them on the market with middlemen, getting their cut of things. I think we're systems architects and know how to build systems in a very efficient way. So I think this is a product we've been training for, for the last decade.
