Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Let me start with the units and I'll give you some thoughts on revenue. For the education-buying season, September has historically been more weighted to higher education and we would expect this to be the same this year. We have the best line-up of Macs ever and we'd expect to see a year-over-year increase in sales. We also expect a year-over-year increase in iPhone sales. And for iPad, we're continuing to expand our quarterly production capacity and point of sale and we'd expect a significant year-over-year increase in sales. For iPod, we would expect to see a sequential year-over-year decline. As we announced at WWDC, we have a lot going on in the fall with the introduction of iOS 5 and iCloud. We also have a future product transition that we're not going to talk about today and these things will impact our September quarter. We remain very confident in our business, our new product pipeline and our momentum.
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, as I've said a moment ago, we're not going to talk about this in any detail today. We factored our thinking into our guidance. We are incredibly confident about our business, our new product pipeline and what we're doing.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. We expect the gross margin, Ben as you said, to be about 38% and down about 370 basis points sequentially. We expect about 2/3 of this decline to be driven by the different product mix and we expect the remainder to be due to the loss of leverage on the lower sequential revenue. The cost of the future product transition, a full quarter of the back-to-school promotion.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Bill, it's Peter. We saw some benefits in our warranty and phone support area and some settlements that we had. They weren't huge in the June quarter, but we did see some benefits there. And as Tim said, we see that generally offsetting, the reversal of that generally offsetting the component benefits that he just talked about in the September quarter.
Peter Oppenheimer: This is Peter. We cannot wait to get iCloud and iOS 5 into the hands of customers in the fall. We really think that we have done it right with iCloud. We're going to deliver customers just a seamless integrated experience that we think that they are going to love. We're going to make it very easy and it didn't go unnoticed back to us yesterday that in the ChangeWave results, that was one of the reasons cited why the iOS devices are #1 in terms of intent to buy.
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, we're certainly very, very good with the Internet, with telecommunications in delivering content. I think we have proven it in Mac for a decade first beginning with iTunes and now with the App Store and our payments to developers exceeding $2.5 billion. So we probably have some things to learn as we go forward. But have a lot of skills and are very excited to get iCloud in the customers' hands.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Brian, it's Peter. We have a very, very broad library of movies and TV shows particularly here in the United States. We are adding more content internationally each quarter and look for some more content later this quarter across the various stores. We have some neat stuff coming.
Timothy Cook: Yes. Sure, Shannon. In terms of cannibalization, we do believe that some customers chose to purchase an iPad instead of the new Mac during the quarter, but we also believe that even more customers chose to purchase an iPad over Windows PC. And as I've said before, there's a lot more of the Windows PC business to cannibalize than the Mac. Also, we believe that the Mac has many other attributes that would make it continue to do well in the market. We're very happy that we grew 14% versus the markets growth of 2.6%, which is about 5x as Peter said earlier. And so that's what we see with iPad. As Peter said earlier, we were still selling every unit we could make during the quarter and that was the situation as we ended the quarter. As we stepped into July over the initial weeks to give you a more current update, we had been able to increase the supply further. And some SKUs and some countries are at a supply-demand balance, but we're still working very hard on the balance of the world. The sales of iPad 2 have absolutely been a frenzy for people to give one and we feel very good about the progress that we've made about ramping up and the reception that it received in marketplace.
Timothy Cook: Yes. That's a good question. China was very key to our results. As a reminder, we define Greater China as Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Year-over-year, it was up over 6x and the revenue was approximately $3.8 billion during the quarter and that makes the year-to-date numbers through the 3 quarters that we've had thus far around $8.8 billion. And so this has been a substantial opportunity for Apple and I firmly believe that we're just scratching the surface right now. I think there is an incredible opportunity for Apple there.
Timothy Cook: Ben, it's Tim, both NAND and DRAM and also LCDs, batteries, optical drives and most of the components are generally in a very positive supply situation currently. And pricing is expected to fall at or above the historical trend. Hard drive supply is currently constrained. We project the price declines in this area will be less than the historical rates. We do expect therefore components to be favorable on a sequential comparison. However, this is largely being offset by one-time benefits that we receive that are embedded in the 41.7% gross margin that Peter talked about earlier in the June quarter. And therefore, not a part of the bridge that Peter just talked about.
Timothy Cook: We have a very simple view here, and that view is, we love competition. We think it's great for us and for everyone. But we want people to invent their own stuff and we're going to make sure that we defend our portfolio perfectly.
Timothy Cook: Yes. Richard, it's Tim. It's a great question. We did add 42 new carriers and 15 new countries during the quarter, and so we continued our expansion efforts to get up beyond the 2.25 carrier number and above 100 countries. However, those occurred throughout the quarter and the real sequential improvement, frankly, was due to emerging and developed markets. China was a big part of it, Latin America driven by Brazil and Mexico was a big part of it, and the Middle East was a big part of it, which I think is great for Apple because these are markets that Apple historically has not been as strong and we're really beginning to see the fruits of our labor in these markets.
Timothy Cook: No, but I think you can see that it's something that is of great focus to us. We want to do business with great partners and there are still great partners out there to do business with, and so we're obviously off working new relationships.
Timothy Cook: I think the Android activation number is a difficult one to get our hands around, because unlike our numbers, which you can kind of go to our data sheet and you can add the iPods and the iPads and make a reasonable approximation of the iPod touch which spans over half of our iPod sales. You can quickly see that in the June quarter that we sold over 33 million iOS devices and across time, as Peter mentioned in his opening comments, we are now over 222 million cumulative iOS devices. And so we think this is incredible. And so our numbers are very straight forward, they're transparent and they're reported quarterly. In terms of iPhone, iPhone is up 142% year-over-year. This is more than 2x the rate of growth of the smartphone market. We think that's incredible. Also, as Peter said earlier, we sold every iPad 2 in the quarter that we could make and so there certainly was not a shortage of demand. We're also gaining traction in enterprise. From the numbers that Peter spoke of, obviously, now our attention is not turning to getting corporations to test and pilots, but it's more -- was really converted to more of a penetration focus. Our App Store is the largest by far and if you look at iPad specific apps, we are over 100,000. And I think you would be hard-pressed to find a little bit of a few 100 on the other platform. It also doesn't appear that the other tablets are getting any traction to speak of, and we've paid over $2.5 billion to developers and so there's a great business proposition for developers and you can tell the customers about it because we have well over 15 billion apps that have been downloaded. And so we're very, very confident of the product. We're confident with the App Store. We're confident with our proposition for developers. The customer stat in every survey I had seen ranks the iPhone #1. And so we're very confident in the customer reception. We're also very confident in our roadmap and so we feel very, very good. You may have seen the data that just came out, I believe, it was yesterday, from ChangeWave that reaffirmed once again that iPhone is the clear leader in customer satisfaction and also was the #1 preference to those people planning to buy smartphone in the next 90 days. And so it seems like there's a lot of great things and we feel absolutely fantastic about it.
Timothy Cook: Apple TV continues to do well, but I don't want to mislead. We still call it a hobby here and we do that because we don't want anyone to conclude that it's another leg of the stool because it's not in the same market that iPhone is in, or that the iPad is in, or that the Mac is in, or that the iPod is in. And so we love the product It's clear that customers love the product. We really guided right when we went to the new Apple TV just last fall. But right now, it's still a hobby status that we're continuing to invest in it because we think that there is something there.
Timothy Cook: In terms of the non-Apple retail channel, if you take the iPhone as an example, which as you know makes up a large percentage of our business, we have about 115,000 points of sale. And so I feel that we're incredibly diversified. We're selling through carriers, through retail. We're selling through our own stores, through our online store. We're selling through companies that have direct sales forces. We are selling to enterprise, including an overlay sales force of our own. So I think the channel is extremely well-diversified. There are still countries, where we're still building the channel and so I don't want to give you a view that I think the journey is completed, but in the mature markets I feel that the channels are in good shape. And in the markets, where we're putting more and more energy, obviously, there is still channel development to do there, but I think it's well understood and under control. So as I don't, really, that's not something that I worry about at all, actually. In terms of suppliers, I don't want to get into this in any detail, because I think this is one of those things for us that is the part of the magic and a part of the things that we feel that we have some secret sauce in and I prefer not to share it. But your general point about, are we too centralized in one place, or are we too dependent on a place. You can -- the people hear that are involved in the supply chain, we got some outstanding ones, always ask that question and I think we always at the end of the day make the right decision for Apple.
Timothy Cook: I don't want to give you a specific yield numbers, but as I've said earlier, the supply of iPad improved dramatically in the quarter, that allowed us to do the over 9.2 million, that's up from the 4.7 from the prior quarters that we added almost 100%. I also said that we had further incurred the supply in the initial weeks of July. And that's allowed us to get into a supply-demand balance on some SKUs and some countries. So I feel very, very good about our progress in that area.
Timothy Cook: Well, I think on the tariff side, Apple doesn't set the tariffs. So it is set by the carrier. And so I think that's a better question for them, but at a very macro level, I think what you would find if you went out and talked to several around the world is that virtually every one of them are desirous of having more and more customer have a smartphone and begin to use data on their networks because this is the way for them to expand their ARPUs. And I firmly believe there is no better device than the iPhone for someone to move from any phone up to a smartphone. So ease of use is just unparalleled, and the ecosystem is unparallel. And so I think there is a good alignment in that area. I mentioned a few moments ago that the key driver in our sequential results on the iPhone are sequential improvement in unit, we're emerging and developing market. So you can see that we're putting more and more energy in these markets that have been a bit more difficult to do well in versus some of the markets that are in the established countries and subsidized countries or they're primarily subsidizing. So I think we have a very good focus here. And I think we can compete with anyone.
Timothy Cook: Those markets that I mentioned that we were doing well in, there are some percentage of postpaid in some of those markets, but if you looked at the market in the aggregate, most of those markets are predominantly prepaid. In some cases, we've convinced someone to start a postpaid plan because in the long term, I think that's better for the customer, the carrier and us. But in general, we are also playing in the prepaid market. We're not avoiding that market. We don't want to avoid that market. We know that we need to play there in order to have the kind of volumes that we'd like to have. And in terms of your question on expanding channels and developing channels, we're obviously that is -- is on our list and with the 115,000 down now, we have some experience there. We know we've got a lot more to do, but we've got some experience under our belt now to play with.
Timothy Cook: Yes. I really look more at year-over-year than I do sequential on the Mac. But I am going to get at your -- the answer to your question anyway. I think, first of all, I am proud of the numbers that we achieved. To grow at 14%, when the market is growing at 2.6%, doing 5x the rate of growth is certainly something to be proud of. However, in terms of why isn't the number higher than 14%, obviously, we always focus on that. No matter if the number was 42%, we would focus on that. I think there are 3 things that are the primary factor. And I don't want to try to quantify these for you, but I do want to list them and how we look at it. The first is, as I've said before, I think there were some cannibalization of new Mac by iPad. We shipped a record 9.2 billion iPads during the quarter, which is over 2x the number of Macs that we shipped. And it's clear that some customers chose to purchase an iPad instead of a new Mac. But the thing that really excites us is that more customers chose to buy an iPad than a Windows PC. The second one is, I think, some customers have delayed purchase until Lion becomes available. And as Peter commented on earlier, we are launching Lion tomorrow. And we're looking forward to getting Lion out. It's a fantastic product. The guys have worked very, very hard on it and it's really a revolutionary change. But the third thing that I wouldn't discount it, in the year ago quarter, we launched new MacBook Pro. In this particular quarter, we launched new iMac. Both products were well received, however, the MacBook Pro makes up over the majority of the units that we sell in the Mac area. And so obviously, if you change the MacBook Pro and it's well received, it's going to make the comp more difficult to compare to. And so those are the 3 things that I think are primarily why the number isn't more than it is. But I don't want to lose site that it is already is 5x the industry and this is the 21st consecutive quarter that we beat the market.
Timothy Cook: Well, we don't predict unit sales. We aggregate things into a guidance and Peter went through that earlier. So I don't want to make a comment about iPad other than I think Peter said earlier, which I'm sure that you would have reached conclusion of anyways that we think iPad will grow significantly year-over-year. And we'll leave the rest of it to you to conclude and then we would be very happy to report in October how we did that.
Timothy Cook: This is a good sort of problem per se is that the demand is fantastic. And so there's not something that I would point to on a supply side saying that this is creating a huge issue, it's the good problem. And as I said before, and I generally don't do that, but in this case, I am to talk about July. In the first weeks of July, we're now 3 -- a little over 3 weeks into the quarter. Supply has further improved since we ended our June quarter and that further improvement has led some SKUs in some countries to become in supply-demand balance. Now, I'm not going to project what will happen to the other country, but obviously, we're working very, very hard to get as many units to customers as we can. And we placed our latest thinking in the guidance obviously.
Timothy Cook: We have a dual-prong strategy with enterprise on both the iPad and the iPhone. As we work with the carrier sales forces and they have very large ones because they're selling their services into enterprise and many of these enterprises want that one of our device is connected to it and so we train and provide quite a bit of help to the carrier forces. Plus we do some sales, directly our sales or act as an overlay sales force to a channel that sells to enterprise. And I would characterize this as we're still building it out and we do a bit better each quarter. We're very, very happy with the numbers that Peter talked about earlier about the level of interest and taking people to the pilot and initial deployment stages. And now our attention is moving to penetration within those accounts versus sort of getting on the standards lists. And I think you'd really look at it fairly to be this far into the enterprise with a product that's only been shipping for 15 months in the case of iPad is absolutely incredible, because the enterprise is typically much more conservative and takes a long time to evaluate products. In this case, people are moving at a speed I haven't seen. Also in a group that's not thought of as enterprise like K-12, our K-12 generally takes a very long time for new product categories, but last quarter, we sold more iPads in K-12 than we did not. And to do that after just 5 quarters is absolutely shocking. We would've never predicted that. And so we feel very, very good about the different area that iPad is being sold into. It's clear it has a universal appeal in many different markets from consumer to business to government and on and on.
Timothy Cook: Prepaid or unlocked phones are, said more an English, phones sold without a contract are very key in China and very key in a number of the emerging markets, where the credit systems are not as well established as they are in the U.S., Japan and Western Europe and Australia, et cetera. And so you can look at our volume, Toni, that the iPhone volume for the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year was up 5x year-over-year. And iPhone is the key contributor to Greater China having a cumulative revenue of around $8.8 billion for the first 3 quarters. And so I am not saying at all that we have figured out precisely how to play perfectly in the environment we have and I think we have more to do and more to learn. But I feel very, very good about our progress. I think if any of us would have been told a year ago that we would do $3.8 billion in Greater China in a quarter, I don't think very many of us would've believed it. And I don't think any of you would've believed that. And so we feel very, very good about it and we're taking those learnings and applying those to other markets as well.
Timothy Cook: Share gain is important anywhere where we are going, the opposite way then we're not happy. And you can bet that we're working hard to change that. In terms of playing in different price points, we do offer the 3GS, as an example today, which in the U.S. is $49 with a contract. And if you step that out into prepaid market, it really depends upon the VAT and duty and channel kind of uplifts as to what it is. So it varies greatly market-to-market. But it's clearly, in a distinctly different price than the iPhone 4 is. Our philosophy is the same as it's always been, Toni. We will only make products that we're proud of, that are the best in the world, and if we can do that and the price is lower then we're great with that. An example of that, that happened some time ago is the iPod shuffle was created. It started at a different price point, but it's now at $49 and that's because it's a product we're very proud of. It's very innovative. A lot of people love that product. So that's always the question for us in the litmus test. We will only make products that we're very proud of, that we want to own, that are the best in the world and regardless of what the price band analysis. Also, as we've seen and as I'm reminded time and time again as I look at some of the China data is it's up to us to convince people to maybe spend a little more for a materially better experience of product. And we think that people will do that if the product is great and if it's messaged appropriately and we got a lot of experience in both of those areas.
Timothy Cook: We learned that people love using it, Brian, for a whole variety of things. And that's the beauty of the iPad is that if you talk to 10 people, they would likely give you 10 different reasons why they love it. And I think that's the reason it's doing so well among a very diverse group of consumers in a diverse group of people in the market and geographies.
