Tim Cook: Hi, Shannon, it is Tim. If you look at the iPhone, we’re now up to more than 80% of the Fortune 100 that are deploying or piloting the iPhone, and we also see very good momentum in the Fortune 500. In fact, over 60% of the Fortune 500 are deploying or piloting iPhone. This is also transcending into education institution, and we see around 400 higher education institutions, which have included the iPhone for faculty, staff and students. And so, iPhone is really taking off and iOS 4 was another help in doing that. In terms of the Macintosh, you can see the Mac had an incredible quarter. We are still selling principally to consumer and education, but we are seeing businesses with increasing interest in the Mac. It is more difficult to measure, because many of those sales are built into the channel. We’re obviously thrilled with growing 33% year-on-year.
Tim Cook: The iPad, very surprisingly in the first quarter, during the first 90 days we already have 50% of the Fortune 500 that are deploying or testing the iPad. This is incredible. That is the Fortune 100, excuse me.
Tim Cook: Okay. Rich, starting with the Mac there were no significant supply demand issues during the quarter, and they are none currently. On the iPod it is the same, none of significance last quarter and none currently. The iPad and the iPhone are significantly different. Both of these products, the iPad and specifically the iPhone 4 we had backlog at the end of last quarter that we were not able to fill and currently we are still selling both of those products as best as we can make them. So, we still are quoting longer lead times than we like, and we are working around the clock to try to get supply and demand in balance. In the scheme of things, it is a good problem to have.
Tim Cook: Well, I don’t think – high demand is never a problem. On the iPad, as I have mentioned last quarter, we went into the iPad thinking that planning of 1 million from our capacity was a very bold move. And in fact if you look at the – a lot of the industry analysts were predicting that we would only sell somewhere around that number for the whole calendar year. And as you know, we did 1 million in the first month, and then the second million in the second month, and the third million in the third month. So, basically what we are doing is we’re increasing capacity as quickly as we can, and you know there are a number of things that we have to increase in order to do that. But I am fairly confident that we will be able to increase the capacity. It is not a situation where there is something profound that we can’t eventually increase. The iPhone, we just started ramping it in June. We had very limited days last quarter. As you know, we launched on the 24, and the quarter ended on 26. And we were still ramping and increasing volume, but again there is not a specific thing that is overwhelming. It is just a matter of getting up the ramp.
Tim Cook: Yes, Gene, it is Tim. We greatly reduced shipments of the previous generation iPhone beginning around June 7, which was our Worldwide Developers Conference, and coincided with the announcement of the iPhone 4. But as you probably know, we did not launch the iPhone 4 and the new figure by 3GS until June 24, which was only three days before the end of the quarter. The result of that was we had significantly lower sales after June 7 for that period of time, as we waited on the official launch. In fact, if you looked at our year-over-year growth rate prior to June 7, it was around 90%. And as you know we exited the quarter, you can see that from the data sheets, we exited the quarter with total iPhone sales up 61%. And so basically we did a channel adjustment. We pulled the previous generation of iPhones down significantly in channel inventory. We increased from zero the iPhone 4 inventory and the inventory of the 8 GB 3GS, and the net reduction in the channel was about a quarter of a million units from the beginning of the quarter. And I would remind you that as you probably guessed, the run rate associated with the sales of the new product are larger than the run rate associated with sales of the old product, and so in terms of any kinds of weeks of inventory it would be much less than where we were running before.
Tim Cook: Yes, that is right, and so ended with about 2.45, and if you look at the ins and outs in that just to give you the numbers, the previous generation drawdown by the end of the quarter was slightly less than 1.3 million, and the combination of iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS was up about a million. And the vast majority of the million was in transit at the end of the quarter lot available for sale.
Tim Cook: Well, if we would have held inventory flat from the beginning of the quarter, we would have done a little over 250,000 more units. However, what we really wanted to do is the – if we had the opportunity quite frankly is to take inventory up quarter-over-quarter, beginning of the quarter, the end of the quarter because the sales run rate was larger at the end of the quarter with the new product.
Tim Cook: Well, on the – let me answer that in two different ways. If you look at the previous generation product, we call the number of units that we are going to sell many weeks beforehand, and when we run out, we run out and quite frankly we tend to manage that aggressively on purpose because we were ready to market and moved very quickly to the new product. And that is what happened here, and frankly speaking I’m glad that it happened, and it is exactly the way that we want to manage it. In terms of the new product, we do not purposely create a shortage for buzz. I’m not sure where that comes from, but that is certainly not our objective. We would like to fill every customers order as quickly as we can. The demand for iPhone 4 is absolutely stunning. And we’re working very hard to catch up with demand and I can’t predict when that will occur that I can tell you that everyone is working very hard to do it.
Tim Cook: My phone is ringing off the hook for people that want more supply. So, right now it is hard to address the real question that you are asking about is there an effect or not because we’re selling everyone that we can make, and so you can’t run the experiment that way.
Tim Cook: The returns that we have seen on the iPhone 4 are less than the iPhone 3GS that Pete shared in the presentation of products, and the ones for this specific issue are extremely small.
Tim Cook: We honestly don’t know the answer. We have been pleasantly surprised at how fast this product has gotten out of the shoot. If you look at how long it took us to sell the first million iPods, the 20 plus months versus the one month of iPad, it is just a phenomenal difference. It is not following a typical early adoptive curve, and then, you know, taking a long time to cross into the mainstream. And so I don’t know how high it is. Our guts tell us that this market is very big, and we believe that iPad is really defining the market. And we want to take full advantage of it and so we’re investing enormous time and resource in increasing our capability and getting iPad out to as many people as we can.
Tim Cook: Well, keep in mind that we also sell the iPhone 3GS 8 gig, it is a new model in the line. And so the 1.4 million that I was referring to that I assumed that you were also referring to for the iPhone 3GS units that were in the previous generation.Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Correct. Thank you.
Tim Cook: You know, I haven’t seen the android results for June, since it is some of several companies’ shipments. But iPhone sales were up 61% in the June quarter despite the inventory drawdown and the transition that we spoke about. And that is against the IDC estimate Smart phone market growth of 38%. And so we are growing substantially faster than the market.Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much.
Tim Cook: Mike, the only thing I can share right now is that on iPad, we are absolutely selling every unit that we can make, and it looks good in every country that we have launched in so far, and we are excited about launching in additional countries this coming week. And anecdotally it does seem to me that it is beyond an early adopter stage, already as I indicated earlier, just based on watching the people that are using it. And so, it is the fastest that that has happened in any product I know of, or have ever been involved with. So, I think it is extremely unique and extremely special. In terms of what the competition does, I don’t know what they will do and what they will try. It is no secret that everybody is trying to work on something to come out with it, but we are extremely happy with our competitive position, and the business model that we have. If you look at the US as an example, since everybody can look at that model where you have a very affordable rate structure that starts at $15 with no commitment at all. And a very aggressive price that seems to be what the end-user really desires. And so yes, somebody could come in and jack the rate plans way up, and subsidize, I’m not so sure that people are really going to want another contract. We will see if somebody tries that and we’ll both learn. Right now we’re thrilled with our position.Michael Abramsky – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, Tim.
Tim Cook: We value the input of every developer and very much listen to them and modify the programs accordingly, when it’s appropriate to do that and so I’m not going to say every concern out there is misplaced. We’re very open to any kind of feedbacks.Charles Wolf – Needham & Co.: Okay, thanks, Tim.
Tim Cook: Shaw, it’s Tim. You have a little bit of ying and yang when we announce new portables. You will see a substantially move to portables and when there is not a new desktop announced at the same time, so I think that’s more of what we saw than anything else, but yes there is clearly a move to mobility and in the long, long, long run, I think you’ll see portables grow as a percentage of mix continually.
Tim Cook: Shaw, I want to make sure that we get to all of the financial related questions today. So I’m going to hold that one for another day.
Tim Cook: I don’t think we are hitting lot of large numbers. I think that the market over time will increasingly – the phone market will increasingly become a smart phone market, and you know, Steve said that long ago, and we’ve seen that forecast has come true as the smart phone market continues to grow at multiples of the basic handset market that is shrinking. I think we have a lot of opportunity domestically and in the other parts of the America for that. I think Peter’s comment was more that our growth as a company whether you look at Mac, iPhone or iPod is we’re growing faster internationally than we are domestically and you can see that in the revenues as well; however, I think you have to put that in perspective because the company’s revenues in Americas are growing over 40%, and so this is a huge number. We’re not talking about a low number. It’s just that the international numbers are absolutely killer.
Tim Cook: Yes, I think both on the Mac and the iPhone and later the iPad as we roll it out to more places, I think there is still extraordinary opportunity left. I mean if you look at the Mac as an example, in Asia Pacific the Macs grew 73% year-over-year. This is phenomenal. You know, that we could grow by this much and in China we grew 144%. In Korea, we grew 184%. In Hong Kong, we almost doubled and even in a country like Spain where the economy has clearly been very difficult the Mac grew 59%. And so you know, there is some very, very extraordinary numbers in there. In the iPhone space, we are doing well in basically all of the key markets, and so in terms of expanding that, we – learning what we have learned with the exclusive deals and continuing to look market by market as I’ve indicated in the past, we’ve elected to open Spain up, and at the end of this month, we will go from an exclusive carrier market to having three carriers, and so that’s one example. There are also more countries remaining, and frankly there is still increased distribution and increased market penetration like enterprise and consumer and a general move in the marketplace from the basic voice and text phones to the smart phone, all of which are in the iPhone favor, and so honestly I just see an enormous amount of opportunity out there and our biggest challenge is to decide which of these two deploy resources against not to have good ideas about which ones are – about making the list of ideas.
Tim Cook: You know, this is Tim again; we don’t want to get into the terms of our commercial agreements. We hold these to be competitive advantages and do not want to release those.
Tim Cook: No, I don’t want to get into what we will or will not do. I would say that we’re very happy to be a partner with AT&T, and you know, they have been a first-class partner and have really pioneered the smart phone growth from a network point of view in the US, and that’s all I have to say about that.
Tim Cook: I don’t know. You know, that question is very difficult to answer because the way that you truly find out what it is at least from my own experience and prospective is you have enough supply to serve the demand, and then you know what the demand is, and today we don’t have enough from either iPhone 4 or iPad, and so I truly don’t know. Obviously we have taken bets internally in terms of the capacities that we are going for and we have rolled those into the guidance that I think you can get from the guidance that I think is extremely strong, but we’re pretty confident that we have been able to pick up the supply.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure, Shannon, the largest contributors were higher iPhone sales than we had included in our guidance and also higher accessory sales as well.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Let me start with your second question, I don’t want to go into a lot of specificity there, but we did have some adjustments that occurred in our supply chain and some other product cost that benefited us in June, they were the larger contributor or the second set of factors that I outlined for you. As regards to our gross margin for the September quarter, we have just introduced the iPad and the iPhone 4. We are delivering great value to customers, and these products have higher cost structures, and in the case of the iPhone 4 it has a higher cost structure than the predecessor product that we were shipping. So, while the margin there is attractive, on a sequential basis we have been pretty aggressive here with pricing, and it is going to play through a bit on the margin line.
Peter Oppenheimer: Ben, we don’t – we’re not going to disclose the split between that, but all of the models have been very popular as I commented in my prepared remarks, and Tim just did. The demand has just been amazing and this is off to an incredible start, and overall ASP in the June quarter for iPad was about $640.
Peter Oppenheimer: Yes. We have just launched the iAd in the early part of July. We are going to learn a lot this calendar year and build a foundation for the future. And beyond that, I don’t have any further specifics to share with you today.Brian Marshall – Gleacher & Company: Okay. And final question is I was wondering if you can you give us just an update on how the data center build in coming along in North Carolina and that's it. Thank you
Peter Oppenheimer: We expect to complete it by the end of the calendar year and begin to use it.Brian Marshall – Gleacher & Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Peter Oppenheimer: Toni, our iPod ASPs were down about $7 sequentially. And that really was driven by the start of the back to school promotion, which we began in the month of June and a stronger US dollar. We did mix on a year-over-year basis up into iPod Touch, and I’m sorry, I don’t have on a sequential basis the test mix in front of me.Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thank you.
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, there are two impacts of this. The first is we will need to defer revenue for the iPhone 4s that we sell, where we have not delivered the bumpers, and where we have not heard from the customers wanting to place an order. And I expect the accrual that we will need to make, which is a revenue accrual with no cost to be about $175 million in the September quarter, and I would expect to have that be recorded as revenue in the December quarter. We will expense the cost of the bumpers when we ship them to customers, and our most important objective there is to take care of every customer and delight them.Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, I guess the last question for me then is directed to Tim if I could. Android-based shipments are certainly increasing and gaining a lot of press. I wondered if you guys could give any color about where you might be seeing Android as competition to the iPhone family in terms of GO or customer sets or any other color there, and that's my last question. Thank you.
Peter Oppenheimer: Charlie, I think that we are always looking to make our developers happy. We have over 225,000 Apps on the store with over 5 billion downloads. We were thrilled to have very recently crossed $1 billion in payments to our developers, and we’ve just launched iAd, you know, with the primary objective of developing another revenue stream for that. So we care deeply about our developers and want to have many, many great Apps for our iOS products and the success that we’ve had on the store today is unparalleled.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Chris, it is Peter. Let me begin by suggesting that you don’t put a lot of credence in these third-party reports that you see. It’s always amazing to me the cost categories and the components that never seem to make it into the reports, and as I, I think answered in Toni’s questions with the iPhone 4, we have been very aggressive here. This is the best iPhone that we have ever shipped. We are delivering great value to customers, and then has a higher cost structure than the predecessor product, and I don’t want to comment on its specific gross margin.
