Tim Cook: Yes. As Luca mentioned, in June we actually rolled out to the overwhelming balance of our other products the ability to do interest rate, interest free financing in our stores with payments. And that's in addition to trade-in which is becoming a more common trend now which I think is terrific because it is great for the environment and it acts as a subsidy, if you will, against the price of the new phone. And so when you compound these two things with the financing and the trade-in it makes the product super affordable. And we're really happy with what we're seeing in that regard.
Tim Cook: We're very pleased with how we did on iPhone. It was better than we thought largely because as we pointed out in the prepared remarks May and June were much better. If you look at iPhone in totality the things that get me very optimistic is the size of the active installed base. The fact that if you look in the major geographies like the US, we had the top two selling smartphones. In the UK we had three of the top four. In Australia, we had five of the top six. And in Japan we had the top four. Urban China we were, iPhone 11 was the top selling smartphone in the country. And so these are some very different geographies with their very different competitive situations and we're doing fairly well. The iPhone SE, it's also clear that from the early data we're seeing a higher switcher number than we did in the previous year, which we feel very good about. And it also seems to appeal to some people that were holding onto the device a little longer because they wanted a smaller form factor phone. And so the combination of the smaller form factor and an incredibly affordable price made the iPhone SE very popular. iPhone 11 is still the most popular smartphone, but iPhone SE definitely helped our results. And as we -- as Lucas said in his outlook, we do see that continuing into this quarter currently.
Tim Cook: I'm sorry. I missed that second question because the audio didn't come through. But I think I got the gist of the first. And that is production has been affected for Apple TV+ as I think it has for most people. We are working to get restarted. I don't have a precise date yet when we will get it restarted, but there will be some impact because we shut down in the March time frame and are yet to really restart in a significant way particularly for those that are shut in the LA area given the current status of the virus and those. And I'm sorry I missed your, the second part of your question.
Tim Cook: We're not updating today. We feel good. We want to take the moment and feel good about achieving the doubling six months early. And we do have still hanging out there, as you know, the subscription number that we're shooting for later in the year at 600 million. So we do have that objective out there.
Tim Cook: Shannon, the growth that we -- we did see growth in Greater China for the quarter of 2%, currency affected China, a bit more than in other places, it affected 400 basis points. And so in constant currency, we would have grown at 6%. As I had mentioned before, the iPhone 11 has been our best-selling phone and has been number one in urban China and so we're very, very proud of that. iPad was helped in the June quarter there by the work from home and distance learning as it was in other geographies and the Mac also grew strong double digit during the quarter. And services set a new June quarter record there. We also continue to see extremely high new customer rates on Mac and iPad there, to give you a perspective, about three out of four customers that are buying the Mac are new in China and about two out of three that are buying the iPad are new. And so these are numbers that we're super proud of.
Tim Cook: Thanks. Yes, I mean, what we will end up -- what we'll end up with is a common architecture across all of our products, which gives us some interesting things that we can do in products that are -- that is sort of unleashes another round of innovation. And so I don't want to say a lot about it, other than we are extremely excited about it, it's something that we've worked on quite a while to get to this point and we're looking forward to shipping the first Mac with Apple Silicon later in the year.
Tim Cook: I think, Amit, it's a combination of a strong launch with iPhone SE and some -- probably some pick up because of the economic stimulus that hit different countries at different points in time. And probably some of the reopening that took place across the quarter, particularly in May and June as Store started to reopen. And so it's a combination of all of those. And as you know, we've been having a strong cycle with the iPhone 11 and the 11 Pro. And so when you combine the -- a strong cycle plus and iPhone SE launch, plus the reopening of the stores, et cetera, I think there were a lot of things that we're going in the right direction there.
Tim Cook: Customers upgraded different at a different pace and I don't have in front of me the exact installed base data from China. But much like in other geographies, the upgrades have extended some, it extended some during the depths if you will of the pandemic in China and the rest of the world, and probably to some degree is happening still at this point. The key things that we can do is keep innovating, deliver product that people can't imagine, going through life about. And obviously keep rolling out these programs that makes the front-end purchase be much less, and this is things like the financing in the trade-in programs that you mentioned. And I do feel like those are going quite good in a number of geographies.
Tim Cook: The installed base is growing and the new customer numbers that Luca went over in the aggregate are still very high in the close to 50% kind of range. And so, that to me, makes the -- bodes well for the future. There is clearly, as we had indicated, there is some amount of work from home and remote learning that do affect the results of Mac and iPad positively. They probably affect wearables and iPhone, the other direction. And -- but on Mac and iPad, these are productivity tools that people are using to stay engaged with their work or stay engaged with their school work. And we believe we're going to have a strong back to school season. Sitting here today, it certainly looks like that.
Tim Cook: We usually -- we've gotten away from talking about channel inventories. But to give you a perspective sitting here looking at it, on iPhone the inventory is slightly less than it was a year ago and that's I'm saying that at a quarter end point, so at the end of Q3. And obviously iPad and Mac are constrained and so both of those are less than they were in the year ago quarter.
Tim Cook: Well, as you've seen, obviously, we've had a sequential expansion in gross margin for services. And that was driven primarily by mix as you said, right. We have a very broad portfolio and depending on which one of the services does better than we have an impact on Services gross margins. We like the Services business because it is -- it's a recurring type of revenue and the margins are accretive to company margin. We did over 67% this quarter, but we want to offer very competitive services across the board and the same -- I think I'm going to make the same comments that I made on products. What matters to us is to be successful with everything that we do and provide great products and services to our customers. So the relative success of our products and services in the marketplace will drive to a certain extent with our margins are, that's the margins are a byproduct of our success in the marketplace.
Tim Cook: I think on the Watch in particular is like the iPhone more affected by store closures, because people -- some people want to try on the Watch and see what it looks like, look at different band choices and those sorts of things. And so I think as stores closed, it puts more pressure on that. I was -- we did come out sort of the way we told you last quarter, we were going to come out from the color that we gave you. So we knew things would decelerate because of the closures. So we will end up being, we're very pleased with how we did. But the store closures definitely affect the wearables and the iPhone.
Tim Cook: Yes, we take it one quarter at a time. And so, we'll give you color on the December quarter and October. Generally speaking, I think we need to see a vaccine or therapeutic or both. And there is some optimism around that and in that particular timeframe. And so, we'll see, I don't have any information that is publicly available there. But I think that would boost consumer confidence quite a bit if it begins to happen and I think that any kind of consumer style company would benefit from that.
Tim Cook: We saw changes in consumer spending as the shutdowns occurred and the store closures occurred, we could see that across the Card. It affected the categories that you would guess the most like travel and entertainment et cetera. But overall if you sort of pull the lens out on the Apple Card, we're very happy with the number of people that have Apple Card. We believe based on what we've heard that it's the fastest rollout in the history of credit cards and so we feel very good about that.
Tim Cook: Well, I don't want to make a forever comment, but there are -- we are a product company and we love making the whole thing. And because if we can -- on the user experience in that way and with the goal of delighting the user. And that's the reason that we're doing the Apple Silicon is because we can envision some products that we can achieve with Apple Silicon that we couldn't achieve otherwise. And so that's how we look at it.
Luca Maestri: As I said, when I was talking about providing some commentary for the September quarter, we expect all the non-iPhone product categories to have a very strong year-over-year performance. So we definitely, I mean, the back-to-school season is clearly this one and we are very excited not only for the Mac, but also for the iPad. We've got a fantastic lineup of products and we know that these products are incredibly relevant especially given the current circumstances. So we expect the performance that we've seen for Mac in the June quarter to continue.
Luca Maestri: Yes. Well, let me start with what we've seen during the June quarter. We were at 38%, we were down slightly sequentially but up the same amount on a year-over-year basis. And really the big negative impact that we felt for several quarters now has been the strength of the US dollar, so the foreign exchange impact on a sequential basis was 90 basis points on a year-over-year basis was 130 basis points. So obviously that is something to keep in mind. And then, the other aspect; I think it's always important to keep in mind, Amit, is that we sell many different products. They have different margin profiles. And so sometimes a different mix can have an impact on the aggregate level of products gross margins and we are very pleased to see the performance of Mac, iPad and Wearables but obviously, it's a different mix. Going forward, the variables are always the same, is that the foreign exchange will continue to play an impact, the mix of products there, we're going to be selling, will have an impact as well. The commodities market has been relatively benign and we'll see how that plays out over time. As you know now for several years, we've been managing gross margin, I would say, fairly well in spite of some difficult situations like the one with the strength of the dollar and we plan to continue to make a good trade off decisions between revenue and units and margins.
Luca Maestri: Well, on the OpEx front, there are being obviously certain things that have been affected in terms of cost reductions. Obviously, travel, it is a perfect example. The number of meetings that we have internally, some of those costs have been reduced. We've also invested heavily in initiatives for example, we're really trying to help during a very difficult circumstances. For example, we have had a program for example where we match our employee donations, we made donations directly as a company around the world to many institutions and governments. On a net basis, I would say probably the cost have outweighed the savings both during the March and the June quarter, but we think it's absolutely the right thing to do. From an employee perspective, what we said so far is that here in the United States, in most -- the majority of our population will continue to work from home until the end of the year. And then we'll see, I mean, we've taken an approach that we try to understand how the virus is evolving over time. We've taken a very cautious approach of both with our corporate facilities and with our retail stores. I think what you've seen with retail stores is that we have reopened in number of geographies around the world. We've reopened here in the United States. We've had to re-close some of the stores yet here in the United States, as the number of cases has gone up. And we will continue to track how the virus is doing. And hopefully at some point, we're going to get to a point where there is a vaccine or there is a cure. And so we will make those decisions as we get more information.
Luca Maestri: And Jim, on the iPhone, I said in my remarks that we launched a year ago, we launched the new iPhone in late September. So I was referring to the new product. And I said that this year, the supply of the new product will be a few weeks later than that.
