Luca Maestri: Yes, Katy. So yes, the gross margin was strong, was better than we had anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. The reason for that was obviously, we had very strong leverage from higher sales. And the mix was strong, both the mix within products and the mix of services, and that was only partially offset by cost. As you know, we've launched many new products during the fall, and that always comes with new cost structures. So in total, it was very good. And from the FX standpoint, really, at the gross margin level, FX didn't play a role neither sequentially nor on a year-over-year basis for the December quarter, partially because of the hedges that you talked about but also because some currencies are still weaker against the dollar, they're still weaker than a year ago. Look specifically to emerging markets in Latin America, in Russia, in Turkey and so on. Clearly, if the dollar remains weak or continues to weaken, that can become a tailwind for us as we get into the March quarter. At current rates, we expect some level of benefit around 60 to 70 basis points for the March quarter.
Luca Maestri: Yes. Yes, certainly, iPhone was one of the major factors why we exceeded our own internal expectations at the beginning of the quarter. We have a fantastic product lineup and we know that, and it's been fantastic to see the customer response for new models, particularly the Pro models, the Pro and the Pro Max. So, we've done very, very well both on units and on pricing because of the strong mix. And we've had some level of supply constraints as we went through the quarter, particularly on the Pro and the Pro Max. As you said correctly, we launched these products in the middle of the quarter, two models after four weeks, the other two models after seven weeks. And so obviously, we had a very steep ramp, which fortunately went very, very well. The products are doing very well all around the world. I think you've seen that our performance has been particularly strong in China, where we've seen phenomenal customer response that probably. There was also some level of pent-up demand for 5G iPhones, given that the market is moving very quickly to 5G. And so as we look ahead into the March quarter, we're very optimistic. We believe we're going to be able to be in supply-demand balance for all the models at some point during the quarter. And it's -- the product is doing very well all around the world.
Luca Maestri: Yes. I mean, really, it's been strong across the Board. There are two businesses during COVID that have been impacted negatively, and then we talked about it in the past. One is AppleCare. Obviously, when the stores are closed, it's tougher, of course, for customers to have the interaction with us. And advertising, which is -- it's in line with the overall level of economic activity. What happened during the December quarter is that in-store traffic improved. And so AppleCare, we grew -- we didn't grow as much as company average but we grew in AppleCare, set an all-time record there in spite of the fact that, yes, we are running, particularly in December, we started closing a few stores, particularly here in the United States but also in Western Europe. But in total, we were able to support more customers than in past quarters. And we also saw a sequential acceleration in advertising and so that also helped the overall growth rate. Clearly, the strength was in digital services, in the App Store, in cloud services, in Music. Those were the services that really delivered very, very strong performance. It's something that we've seen happen during the COVID environment.
Luca Maestri: So on the December performance, as you know, Toni, this was a very different cycle because we launched at a different time than usual. And so, we had an initial part of the quarter where, obviously, we didn't have the new phones. And then as we launched the new phones, we also did the channel fill that typically happens, to a certain extent, in the September quarter. At the end of the quarter, the demand has been very strong. And so we've been constrained, as I said, on -- especially in the Pro models. At the end of December, we exited with a level of iPhone channel inventory, which was slightly below a year ago. So we -- and we still had some level of supply constraints, which we believe we're going to be able to solve during the March quarter. In terms of the sequential change, we talked about -- during the prepared remarks, we talked about total company average, and we said that we expect that sequential progression to be similar to the typical seasonality that you've seen in past years. Certainly, last year is not typical because of COVID. But if you go back, fiscal '17, '18, '19, that's our typical seasonal progression. And we mentioned a couple of product categories, Services and Wearables, where we're going to be having a slightly more difficult compare. And so I think you can draw your conclusions around the iPhone.
Luca Maestri: Well, I mean, of course, when you grow the way we've grown this quarter, 21%, it's -- obviously, we have a certain level of fixed cost in our product structures, right? And so a high level of sales helps margin expansion without a doubt, and so that has been probably the biggest factor, to be honest. And then as I was saying earlier, we've had, across the Board, in Services, in every product category, we've had a very strong mix of products, right? We were talking about the iPhone, the Pro and the Pro Max, and that's been pretty much the case in every product category. So the mix has also been very good. The commodity environment is fairly benign. And the one thing that has not affected us this time around is the FX that it's true, it has not been a tailwind yet for the reasons that I was explaining to Katy, but at the same time, it has not been a negative. And the reality is that FX for us has been a negative over the last five or six years, almost every quarter. And so that has changed. And that obviously makes a difference.
Luca Maestri: Yes. I mean, I think I was mentioning it during the prepared remarks. We -- clearly, in China, the March quarter is typically the strongest quarter for our Services business and for the App Store because of Chinese New Year, as you mentioned. And last year, what we saw was an increased level of activity because after Chinese New Year, the whole country went into lockdown for several weeks. And so that propensity for playing games continued for several weeks, more than a typical cycle. So, we expect to have a great quarter in China, but at the same time, you need to keep in mind that the compare is going to of what happened a year ago.
Luca Maestri: So, as I said earlier, we grew iPhone revenue 17%. That growth came from both unit sales and ASPs because of the strong mix that I mentioned before. So, I think that answers your question for the December quarter. What we've seen so far, it's very early because we launched the new products only a few weeks ago. What we've seen so far is a very high level of interest for the Pro models, the Pro and the Pro Max. We worked very hard to ramp up our supply. We've had some supply constraints during the December quarter. We think we're going to be able to solve them during the March quarter. But so far, the mix has been very strong on iPhone.
Tim Cook: Thanks, Katy, for the question, and thanks for not asking me any specifics. The framework that we use is very much around we ask ourselves if this is a product that we would want to use ourselves or a service that we would want to use ourselves. And that's a pretty high bar. And we ask ourselves if it's a big enough market to be in unless it's an adjacency product, of which we're looking at it very much from a customer experience point of view. And so there's no set way that we're looking at it, no formula kind of thing. But we're taking into account all of those things, and the kind of things that we love to work on are those where there's a requirement for hardware, software and services to come together because we believe that the magic really occurs at that intersection. And so hopefully, that gives you a little bit of insight into how we look at it. And I think we have some good -- really good opportunities out there. And I think if you look at our current portfolio of products, we still have relatively a low share in a number of cases in very big markets. And so we feel like we have really good upside there, and we feel like we have really good upside in the Services area, too, that we've been working on for quite some time with four or five new services just coming online in the last year, year-plus, and so -- yes. Thank you.
Tim Cook: Yes. Thanks for the question. If you look at this past quarter, which has -- we started selling two of the iPhones 4 weeks into the quarter and the other two, seven weeks into the quarter. And so I would caution that this is in the early going. But in looking at the iPhone 12 family, we saw both switchers and upgraders increase on a year-over-year basis. And in fact, we saw the largest number of upgraders that we've ever seen in a quarter. And so, we were very thrilled about that.
Tim Cook: Yes. China was more than an iPhone story. iPhone did do very well there. And sort of like the world, if you look at both switchers and upgraders, we were up year-over-year, and China also had a record number of upgraders during the quarter, the most we've ever seen in a quarter. I think probably some portion of this was that people probably delayed purchasing in the previous quarter as rumors started appearing about an iPhone. Keep in mind that 5G in China is -- the network is well established. And the overwhelming majority of phones being sold are 5G phones. And so I think there was some level of anticipation for us delivering an iPhone with 5G. And so, iPhone did extremely well. However, the other products did as well. I mean, we could not have turned in a performance like we did with only iPhone. iPad did extremely well, far beyond the Company average. Mac was about the Company average. Wearables, Home and Accessories was above the Company average. And so if you really look at it, we did really well across the Board there. In terms of COVID, I think they're -- at least for last quarter, they were beat -- sort of beyond COVID, very much in the recovery stage. This quarter, there are different reports about some cases in some places and lockdowns occurring but we have not seen that in our business as yet. Of course, those cases are much smaller than the ones in other countries.
Tim Cook: Yes. Toni, as you know, we give some color on the current quarter but not beyond that in terms of growth rates, so I'll punt that part of your question. But if you back up and look at the sort of the ingredients that we have at this point, we have the strongest hardware portfolio that we've ever had. And we have a great product pipeline for the future, both in products and in Services. We have an installed base that has hit new highs that we just talked about earlier in our opening comments. And we're still attracting a fair number of switchers and, of course, upgraders. We just set an all-time Services record, and we have that installed base to compound that, and particularly with the added services that we've had over the last year or so, that as they grow and mature, will contribute even more to the Services revenue stream. And on the Wearables side, we've brought this thing from zero to a Fortune 120 company, which was no small feat. But I still think that we're in the early stages of those products. If you look at our share in some of the other products, whether you look in iPhone or Mac or iPad, you find that the share numbers leave a fair amount of headroom for market share expansion. And this is particularly the case in some of the emerging markets, where we're proud of how we've done but there's a lot more headroom in those markets. Like if you take India as an example, we doubled our business last quarter compared to the year ago quarter. But our absolute level of business there is still quite low relative to the size of the opportunity. And you can kind of take that and go around the world and find other markets that are like that as well. And of course, the other thing from a market point of view is we're -- we've been on a multiyear effort in the enterprise and have gained quite a bit of traction there. You've heard some of the things in Luca's comments today and we comment some on it each quarter. We're very optimistic about what we can do in that space. And then, of course, we've got new things that we're not going to talk about that we think will contribute to the Company as well, just like other new things have contributed nicely to the Company in the past. So, we see lots of opportunity. Thank you for the question.
Tim Cook: If you look at the switcher or the switchers, if you look at the new to Mac and new to iPad, these numbers are still about, at a worldwide level, about half of the purchases that are coming from people that are new. And so the installed base is still expanding with new customers in it. And so that's true on both iPad and Mac. If you look at Mac, the M1, I think, gives us a new growth trajectory that we haven't had in the past. Certainly, if Q1 is a good proxy, there's lots of excitement about M1-based Macs. As you know, we're partly through the transition. We've got more -- a lot more to do there. We're early days of a two-year transition, but we're excited about what we see so far. The iPad, as we went out with the iPad Air, and we now have the best iPad lineup we've ever had, and it's clear that some people are using these as laptop replacements. Others are using them as complementary to their desktop. But the level of growth there has been phenomenal. You look at it at 41%. And yes, part of it is work from home and part of it is just learning. But I think I wouldn't underestimate how much of it is the product itself on -- in both the case of iPad and Mac. And of course, our share in the Mac is quite low. In the -- for the total personal computer market. And so there's lots of headroom there.
Tim Cook: If you look at the 5G rollout in Europe, it's true that Europe is not in the place of -- certainly nowhere close to where China is and nowhere close to the U.S. either. But there are other regions that 5G is -- that has very good coverage, like Korea is an example. And so the the world, I would describe it right now, is more of a patchwork more to do that we haven't had in quilt. There are places that there's really excellent coverage. There are places where -- within a country that is very good but not from a nationwide point of view. And then there are places that really haven't gotten started yet. Latin America is more closer to the last one. There's lots of opportunity ahead of us there. And I think Europe is where there are 5G implementations there. I think most of that growth is probably in front of us there as well.
Tim Cook: It's really too early to answer some of those questions. As you know, we just got started into the quarter in Q1 so we have less than a quarter on this right now. What we wanted to accomplish with it, we're clearly accomplishing, which is making our Services very easy to subscribe to. Our customers clearly told us that they wanted to subscribe to several services or, in some cases, all of our services. And so, we've made that very simple, and it's clear from the early going that it's working but we've just gotten started on it.
Tim Cook: The search advertising business is going well. It's a -- there's lots of intent from search. And we do it in a very private kind of manner, observing great privacy policies and so forth. And I think people see so forth. And I think people see that and are willing to try it out. And we have been growing nicely in that area. It's a part of the advertising area that Luca spoke of earlier.
Tim Cook: I think, Chris, it's Tim. I think subsidies always help, that anything that reduces the price to the customer is good for the customer and obviously good for the carrier that's doing it and good for us as well. And so, it's a win across the board. I believe that, at least based on what I see right now is that there would be probably continuing to have quite a bit of competition in the market, if you're talking about the U.S. market for customers as the carriers work to get more customers to move to 5G. Outside of the U.S., the subsidies are not used in all geographies, and so it really varies greatly by country. Some of them are separate completely, the handset and the service. And in those areas, we don't have subsidies.
Tim Cook: Yes. There are several markets, as I alluded to before. India is one of those, where our share is quite low. It did improve from the year-ago quarter. Our business roughly doubled over that period of time. And so we feel very good about the trajectory. We are doing a number of things in the area. We put the online store there, for example, and last quarter was the first full quarter of the online store. And that has gotten a great reaction to it and has helped us achieve the results that we got to last quarter. We're also going in there with retail stores in the future. And so we look for that to be another great initiative and we continue to develop the channel as well. And so there's lots of things, not only in India but in several of the other markets that you might name where our share is lower than we would like. And I -- again, I would also say, even in the developed markets, when you look at our share, definitely, everybody doesn't have an iPhone, not even close. And so, we really don't have a significant share in any market. So, there's headroom left even in those developed markets where you might hear that.
