Luca Maestri: Thanks, Erik, for the question. Let's start with the December quarter. As we said, up 11%, $23.1 billion is an all-time record for us, with all-time records in The Americas, in Europe, and the rest of Asia Pac. So it was pretty broad-based geographically, and very strong across all the Services categories, because we had all-time revenue records for cloud, for payments, for video, and for advertising and December quarter records for the App Store and for AppleCare. Obviously, last year, we had an extra week, so the 11% is stronger than -- the underlying performance is stronger than the 11% that we have reported. I think the entire ecosystem is doing well because we continue to see growth and new all-time highs in both transacting accounts and paid accounts, which is obviously very important. And paid subscriptions continue to grow strong double-digits. Just as a reference, we have more than a billion paid subscriptions across all the services on our platform. This is more than double the number of paid subscriptions that we had only four years ago. So, obviously, very significant growth there. What I said during the prepared remarks around the March quarter, I mentioned that we will continue to grow double-digits at a percentage that is similar to what we reported for the December quarter. We don't provide guidance around the different services categories. So, we will provide more color when we report in three months.
Luca Maestri: Yes. We'll see how the quarter develops. I would point to two things. One is the fact that we mentioned that we expect a couple of points of negative foreign exchange in the March quarter, and foreign exchange was essentially flat for us in the December quarter. So, you've got a bit of a headwind there. And then, when you look at our other progression of our Services business over the last few quarters, the compares for March are slightly more difficult than the compares for December.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Amit. As Tim said, these are changes that we're going to be implementing in March. A lot will depend on the choices that will be made. Just to keep it in context, the changes applied to the EU market, which represents roughly 7% of our global app store revenue.
Luca Maestri: Yes. On the product side and then maybe I'll make a comment in total for the company. On the product side, our gross margins increased sequentially 280 basis points. So, obviously, a very significant increase. I would say the two primary components of the increase are a favorable mix. Of course, iPhone did very well. We did very well with our high-end models. And leverage, of course, it's the biggest quarter of the year for us and so we get the leverage effect. We had a partial offset, negative impact from foreign exchange. But net-net, obviously, very significant improvement. And we had very similar dynamics on the Services side where we increased sequentially 190 basis points, also, in this case, due to a more favorable mix. And so, the combined effect of the two businesses gave us the 45.9% at the total company level, which is up 70% sequentially. You've heard from my prepared remarks that we are guiding total company gross margin to 46% to 47%, which is an additional expansion of margins compared to the already very strong results of the December quarter.
Luca Maestri: I'll take the question, Aaron. We've always said, we will never underinvest in the business. So, we are making all the investments that are necessary throughout our product development, software development, services development. And so, we will continue to invest in every area of the business and at the appropriate level. And we're very excited about what's in store for us for the rest of the year.
Luca Maestri: Yes. The -- so the first part of the question was around -- oh, the $5 billion. The $5 billion, as I mentioned, a year ago we had this disruption of supply on iPhone 14 Pro and Pro Max because of the factory shutdown due to the COVID-19 situation. And so, essentially there was pent up demand as we exited December quarter, they got fulfilled and we also did the channel fill associated with it during the March quarter. So close to $5 billion that I mentioned is entirely related to iPhone. On the gross margin side, obviously, we are at very high levels of gross margin. And I'll repeat what I said before, we've had good expansion over the last few quarters and now we are guiding to 46% to 47% and that takes into account everything that is going on, which is, the commodity environment, which is the foreign exchange situation, and obviously the product and services mix. And the outcome of this is the guidance, which obviously is very strong and we're very happy with it.
Luca Maestri: And I would add to that, keep in mind, obviously, the extra week that we had a year ago that obviously makes the compare more -- a bit distorted. On the March quarter guide, I would point to you that, obviously, the COVID years had a lot of, let's say, turmoil in it, a lot of volatility that typically you wouldn't see. If you look at our sequential progression from December to March this year versus pre-COVID versus like a more normal environment, it's actually stronger than those years.
Tim Cook: Yes. Hi, Erik. I would say emerging markets are -- have been a very key area of strength for us. If you look at it, India grew -- in revenue terms grew strong double-digits in the December quarter and hit a quarter revenue record. The other emerging markets like Indonesia also hit a quarterly record. And we had several regions, with records from Latin America to the Middle East. And that theme has been pretty consistent across the other quarters that -- of the year as well. And so, emerging markets, very, very important. And I feel like we are doing a great job there.
Tim Cook: Yeah. Hi. It's -- we are incredibly excited about the Enterprise opportunities with Vision Pro. I've seen several demos from different companies. Luca mentioned several in his opening remarks, but Walmart has a very cool merchandising app. There are firms that are doing collaboration -- design collaboration apps. There are field service applications. Really all over the map, there are applications that are for control center, command center kind of things. SAP has really gotten behind it and, of course, SAP is in so many of companies. I think there will be a great opportunity for us in Enterprise, and we couldn't be more excited about where things are right now. We are obviously looking forward to tomorrow. This has been multiple years of efforts from so many people across Apple. And really, it took a whole of company effort to bring it to this far. In terms of generative AI, which, I'd guess, is your focus, we have a lot of work going on internally as I've alluded to before. Our MO, if you will, has always been to do work and then talk about work and not to get out in front of ourselves. And so, we're going to hold that to this as well. But we've got some things that we are incredibly excited about that we'll be talking about later this year.
Tim Cook: Hi, it's Tim. The -- we were up 6%, as we mentioned in the opening remarks. We are happy with that performance. Underneath there, we had really strong performance in several parts of the world with all-time records in Europe and rest of Asia-Pacific. As I mentioned earlier, we did particularly well in several emerging markets from Latin America to the Middle East. And we set December quarter records in India and Indonesia. And so, really some spectacular broad-based reactions to iPhone. We also importantly set an all-time record worldwide for iPhone upgraders. And the installed base hit a new all-time high consistent with the -- our overall devices. And so, there's lot of good things. Luca mentioned in his opening comments that iPhones were four out of the top five smartphone models in the U.S. and Japan and four out of the top six in urban China and the UK, and all top five in Australia, and the customer satisfaction level for iPhone 15 hit 99%. If you look at iPhone 15 since the announcement of it and shipment in September, so this is including some of Q4 and you compare that to iPhone 14 over the same period of time, iPhone 15 is outselling iPhone 14. And so, we feel very good about that, and the upgraders hitting a record is particularly exciting for us.
Tim Cook: You know, each product has its own journey. And so, I wouldn't want to compare it to any one in particular. I would just say we couldn't be more excited. Internally, we've got an incredible amount of excitement from developers and from customers that can't wait till tomorrow to pick up their units. And we are incredibly proud to be able to demo the unit in so many of our stores in the U.S. starting tomorrow for people that are -- that want to check it out. And so, we'll see and report the results of it in the Wearables category that you're familiar with. I think that if you look at it from a price point of view, there's an incredible amount of technology that's packed into the product. There's 5,000 patents in the product and it's, of course, built on many innovations that Apple has spent multiple years on, from silicon to displays and significant AI and machine learning. All the hand tracking, the room mapping, all of this stuff is driven by AI. And so, we're incredibly excited about it. I can't wait to be in the store for tomorrow and see the reaction myself.
Tim Cook: Yeah. If you look at iPhone in China Mainland, which I think has been the focus of a lot of interest, and you look at it in constant currency, so more of an operational view, we were down mid-single digits on iPhone. And so, it was the other things that drove the larger contraction year-over-year. On the good news side, we had solid growth on upgraders year-over-year in Mainland China and we had four of the top six smartphone models in urban China. Also, IDC just put out a note, that you may have seen, that we were the top brand in -- for the full year and for the December quarter. And so, there's some good news along with – obviously, we'd prefer not to [contract] (ph).
Tim Cook: Yes. You know, the -- let me try to answer a little bit of both and then Luca can add some comments to it. We announced a number of changes last week in Europe that would be in effect beginning in March. So, the last month of the first calendar quarter, the second fiscal quarter. Those are -- some of the things that we announced include alternate billing opportunities, alternate app stores, our marketplaces, if you will. We're also opening NFC for new capabilities for banking and wallet apps. And so, these are some of the things we announced. The -- if you think about what we've done over the years is, we've really majored on privacy, security, and usability. And we've tried our best to get as close to the past in terms of the things that are -- that people love about our ecosystem as we can, but we are going to fall short of providing the maximum amount that we could supply, because we need to comply with the regulation. And so, in terms of predicting the choices that developers and users will make, it's very difficult to do that with precision. And so, I will see what happens in March.
Tim Cook: We've really concluded that we can do both. That if you look at it, what has happened over the last several years is that, employees are in a position in many companies to choose their own technology that is the best for them. And so, it sort of took some of the central command from the traditional company and decentralized the decision-making. That is a huge advantage for Apple, because there's a lot of people out there that want to use a Mac. They're using a Mac at home. They'd like to use one in the office as well. iPad has also benefited from that. Vision Pro, it's -- when you look at the ton of use cases, I mean, we're starting with a million apps and 600 plus that are -- have been designed particularly for Vision Pro. When I look at what is coming out of Enterprise, it's some of the most innovative things I've seen come out of Enterprise in a long time. And so, I think there's a like there is for the Mac and iPad, and of course, iPhone has been in enterprise since the early days of iPhone. I think there's a nice opportunity there for Vision Pro as well.
Tim Cook: Let me take the first part of your question about America. If you look at the U.S., which obviously drives the vast, vast majority of the revenue in America, we grew in the December quarter from an iPhone business point of view and the install base hit an all-time high. If you look at the replacement cycle, it's very difficult to measure the replacement cycle at any given point. And so, what we focus on internally a lot is the active install base and the -- obviously, the sales over usually a cycle and we feel better about those things. If you look at the -- who's selling what in the U.S., the iPhone is four out of the top five selling smartphones in the US. And of course, the customer satisfaction in the U.S. as we alluded to earlier is 99%. So we feel very, very good about what our position is in the U.S.
Tim Cook: Ben, we've been in China for 30 years. And I remain very optimistic about China over the long term. And I feel good about hitting a new install base number, high watermark and very good about the growth in upgraders year-over-year during the quarter.
Tim Cook: Let me just say that, I think there's a huge opportunity for Apple with GenAI and AI. And without getting into to more details and getting out in front of myself.
