Tim Cook: Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have the first question, please.
Tim Cook: Chris, it's Tim. In terms of the cost, we're paying more for freight than I would like to pay. But component costs continue in the aggregate to decline. In terms of supply constraints, and how long they will last, I don't want to predict that today. We're going to take it sort of one quarter at a time. And as you would guess we'll do everything we can to mitigate whatever set of circumstances were dealt.
Tim Cook: Jim, the company has been incredibly resilient. The employees are really doing double duty. And I could not be more pleased with the cadence that we're coming out with new things. As you can see from the software announcements that we made at WWDC, and the corresponding launches of the software that we plan on in the fall, and then all of the products that we've been able to bring out over the last 12 to 18-months, it's amazing. So I'm very pleased with it.
Tim Cook: If you look at our results in Q3, Shannon, we had strong double digit growth for switchers and for upgraders. And, in fact, it was our largest upgrade quarter for Q3 ever. And so we feel really, really great about both categories. And as Luca kind of said, during the preamble or opening comments, our results are really strong for iPhone around the world. And so it's been a very, very strong cycle. And yet we're -- the penetration on 5G is obviously still very, very low. And so we feel really good about the future of the iPhone.
Tim Cook: It was an incredibly strong quarter, it set a June quarter revenue record for Greater China for us. And so we're very proud of that. And, doing the best job we can to serve customers there. We had a particularly strong response to the 12 Pro and the 12 Pro Max. Those results were particularly strong. But if you look at the balance of our products, we also set June quarter records for Wearables, Home and Accessories, for Mac and for services. So it was sort of an across the board strength. And we're seeing plenty of new customers come to the market. For example, Mac and iPad, about two-thirds of the customers who bought in the last quarter were new to that product. For the Apple Watch that number was 85%. And so, we could not be happier with the results.
Tim Cook: 85% was China. I was talking about specifically the numbers of reference were specifically for China.
Tim Cook: Katy, it's Tim. We're not predicting the next cycle. But I would point out a few things. One is we have a very large and growing installed base. As you know with the iPhones passed a billion active devices earlier this year. Two, we have loyal and satisfied customers. The customer set we're seeing on the new iPhones are just amazing. It's just jaw dropping. And the geographic response is pervasive across the world. In the U.S., we have the top three selling models. In the UK, we have four out of the top five. In Australia, we have the top two. In Japan, we have the top three. In urban China, we have the top two. And so the response from customers all around had been great. Obviously, the product itself is amazing. The 12 lineup was a huge leap that introduced 5G and have A14 Bionic and a number of other fantastic features that customers love. The next thing I think to consider is that we're in the very early innings of 5G. If you look at our 5G penetration around the world there's only a couple of countries that are in the double digits yet. And so that's an amazing thing, nine months or so into this. And the last thing is we're going to continue to deliver great products. We're going to continue to do what we do best is integrate hardware, software and services together into an amazing experience. And so those are the things that I would consider if I were coming up with forecast.
Tim Cook: Yeah, what I would tell you is first of all, it's difficult to answer your question precisely. But what I would tell you is on both switchers and upgraders, we did extremely well in Q3. Both were up strong double digit, and the geographic representation of iPhone year-over-year comps looks extremely well. And so we're really pleased with it. I would remind you that the billion number that I quoted also was iPhone, where we quoted a number earlier in the year in the January call, I believe, of 1.65 billion devices is the total active devices just for clarification. And so the net is very strong switchers, very strong upgraders, best upgrade quarter for the June quarter that we've seen. And we feel really great about the momentum. But at the same time, we recognize that the 5G penetration is quite low around the world. And, they're very, very low. We're at the front end of this.
Tim Cook: I think that acquisition has lots of questions that people are asking, and I'll sort of leave that up to everyone else. And in terms of us and how we decide to make silicon, we ask ourselves, if we can do something better, if we can deliver a better product, if we can buy something in the market. And it's great, and it's as good as what we could do, we're going to buy it. We will only enter where we believe we have a ability to do something better, and therefore make a better product for the user. And so the M1 is a great example of that. We have the ability within our silicon team to deliver product that we feel is appreciably better than we could buy. And so, we've taken our great hardware and software expertise, and combine those and have brought the M1 out. And the response to the M1 has been unbelievable. It's powering Mac sales that are constrained, it's powering now iPad, which also has constraints on it. And so, that's how we look at whether we should enter into a market or not.
Tim Cook: The majority of constraints we're seeing are of the variety that I think others are saying that are I would classify as industry shortage. We do have some shortages, in addition to that, that are where the demand has been so great and so beyond our own expectation that it's difficult to get the entire set of parts within the lead times that we try to get those. So it's a little bit of that as well. As I said before, I think probably maybe with the basis of your question, sort of the latest nodes, which we use in several of our products have not been as much of an issue. The legacy nodes are where the supply constraints have been on the silicon.
Tim Cook: David, we had an incredible quarter for the emerging markets in Q3. We set June quarter records in Mexico, and Brazil, and Chile, in Turkey, and UAE, and Poland and Czech Republic, India. Obviously, in China, as I've talked about before, Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam, Cambodia, Indonesia, I could go on in the name a few more, it's a very long list. And so those results are for the entire line of products that we have. And keep in mind, we still do have SE in the line, we launched it a year ago, but it's still in the line today. And it’s sort of our entry price point. And so, I'm pleased with how all of them are doing. And I think we need to sort of that range of price points to accommodate the types of people that we want to accommodate. So we've put something for the entry buyer who really wants to get into an iPhone, and then something for the pro buyer who wants the very best iPhone that they can buy. And I think that's true in the emerging markets as good as it's true in the United States or other developed markets.
Tim Cook: In most of the markets I read, it is really, really, really early on 5G, really early. But I think the top end buyer is buying for the future as well, because they may hold their phone for two years or longer in some cases. So, 5G becomes an important part of their buying decision.
Tim Cook: In terms of Apple One as you know, we're offering Apple One because it makes enjoying our subscription services easier than ever before, including Apple Music and Apple TV+ and Apple Arcade and iCloud and more. And so we really put the customer at the center of that and have recently began to remind people about Apple One in a way that we probably waited a few months before doing that. And so, I'm very pleased with what we're seeing on Apple One right now. I think it's a great ramp for the future services. And more importantly, it's a great customer benefit because many of our customers like to try out more than one of these services, and it allows them to do that with one easy bundle and subscription service. In terms of IDFA or the advertising in general, I take it your question is around ATT. With ATT we've been getting quite a bit of customer positive reaction to being able to make the decision on a transparent basis about whether to be tracked or not. And it seems to be going very well from a user point of view.
Tim Cook: For the quarter, as you can see we grew 58% so it was a strong quarter. And embedded in that was a quarterly record for services, which includes the App Store world. So, we're seeing strength in China. The economy has really bounced back there fairly quickly from COVID. In terms of the regulatory focus, what we are focusing on from our angle is to serve users there and make sure that they're very satisfied with the products and services that we’re showing. And we work with a lot of different companies to ensure that. So that's our focus.
Luca Maestri: Well, as I explained that, first of all, we are expecting to grow very strong double digits, that's I think Chris the starting point here. We expect this very strong level of growth that we've experienced during the course of the year, to continue into the September quarter. We said that the growth rate is going to be below 36%. And I've listed three factors. The first factor is that the dollar continues to be favorable on a year-over-year basis in the sense that it's weakened against most currencies on a year-over-year basis. But that benefit is going to be about three points less in the September quarter than what we've experienced during the June quarter, because the dollar strengthened against most currencies in recent weeks. Second, I mentioned that the services growth rate that we've experienced in the June quarter 33%, that's significantly higher than what we've had in recent history. And that was due to the fact that there were a couple of services categories, namely, our advertising business and Apple Care, that were significantly impacted a year ago, because of the COVID lock downs. And therefore, they're relatively easy compare in the June quarter. So we don't expect that to continue into the September quarter. And so we expect to see significant growth in services, but not to the level that we've seen in June. And then I mentioned that the supply constraints that we've seen in the June quarter will be higher during the September quarter. Back in when we talked here three months ago, we said that we were expecting supply constraints for the June quarter between $3 billion and $4 billion, to affect primarily iPad and Mac. We were able to mitigate some of those constraints during the June quarter, and so we came in at a number that was slightly below the low-end of that range that we accorded at the beginning of the quarter. But we expect that number to be higher for the September quarter. And so when you put all that together, again, very strong double digit growth for September, with this caveat, that I just mentioned.
Luca Maestri: And Chris, on the cost side, as I mentioned during my comments, our results for gross margins for the June quarter 43.3%, we really saw some really nice cost savings during the quarter. And I think you've seen that we provided guidance for 41.5% to 42.5% for September, which is obviously a level that we are very pleased with.
Luca Maestri: Yeah, I think it's important to go back to the Q3 results, it's 43.3%. And one of the things that I mentioned is that in addition to getting really good cost savings on a sequential basis, we also had a very high mix of services as part of the total. And particularly with advertising doing really, really well, because of the rebound that we saw from COVID lockdowns a year ago. So as we move forward sequentially, we do expect a different mix and so that that drives the guidance that we provided which again, as you know, is significantly higher than just a year ago, for example. A year ago, we were at 38.2%, so almost 400 basis points of expansion on a year-over-year basis. And so, I think it's important to take that into account, just a different mix.
Luca Maestri: It's a combination of multiple factors. Obviously, the fact that our installed base continues to grow, and it sets new all-time highs all the time, obviously, it gives us a larger opportunity all the time. And second, we have more and more people that are engaged in our ecosystem, both transacting for free, which is a very large number, and people that are willing to pay for some of the services. And that percentage of people that are paying for our services continues to grow nicely. I mentioned, we grew double digits again this quarter. So that obviously helps on the revenue side. And of course, we continue to increase both the quality and the quantity of the services. As you know, during the last few years, we've launched a lot of new services from Apple TV+, Fitness+, Apple Arcade, News+, of course, the Apple Card. And so these are businesses that we are scaling right now, and so all that additional revenue helps. And I think it flows through our growth rates, as you said, during the last four quarters we are well into the mid-20s. So I think it's obviously very nice for us to see.
Luca Maestri: Well, of course, Katy, we don't have the crystal ball that tells us exactly what these different variables, how they impacted our business. We do know that I would say on the positive side of the ledger, obviously, especially during the periods of extreme lockdowns, digital services did very well because entertainment options were limited. And so obviously, our digital services did really, really well. Obviously with more people working from home, more people studying from home, we know that iPad and Mac demand was very, very strong. On the other side we add certain services like advertising because of the reduced economic activity, Apple Care because our stores were closed, they were affected negatively. And certain products like the iPhone or the Watch that are may be more complex types of sales because of the complexity of the transaction. They were also affected because so many points of sale were closed all around the world, not only our stores but also our partner stores. It’s difficult for us to gauge because we've been constrained for quite a long period of time. And the reality is that maybe the new normal after we exit COVID may be different from the past. For example, maybe there's going to be hybrid models around work, for example. And so, it's difficult to tell you on a net basis what that is. Clearly, and this is very fluid because it tends to change over time. I can certainly tell you that we're all looking forward to a COVID free world, I think that would be very good for us and for our customers as well.
Luca Maestri: Well, I think, you can go back several quarters and try to do a bit of an average and that's what we were talking about. Of course, there's always a bit of variability around results, right. But certainly, we haven't done 33% in years and so that was a bit of an anomaly. And again, I explained it's around a couple of the businesses that had a relatively easy compare during the June quarter. So our services growth has been for many, many quarters in strong double digits and we feel confident around that level.
Luca Maestri: Yeah. On the product side, I talked about cost savings. Tim mentioned that, maybe on the freight side, we're seeing some level of cost pressure that is a bit out of the norm, at this point in the cycle. For everything else, for all the major commodities and components, we continue to see a very typical cycle where we are getting good cost savings on a sequential basis. And so far, it's been very good as you can tell from the absolute level of gross margins, because on the product side, we're up more than 600 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So it feels something that we've been able to accomplish, and we were able to maintain, at least in the near-term, nothing that was abnormal during the quarter or a one-off in nature. It was pretty structural. On the services side, again, up a lot on a year-over-year basis. So, the baseline has gone up a lot. The sequential decline, as you said, it was very, very small. And as I mentioned several times in the past, we have a very large services portfolio with very different margin profiles in our services. And so even a slight change in mix can drive some sequential differences, and this was the case this quarter, just a different mix. I mentioned for example, that Apple Care has rebounded. And so the relative success of our services in the marketplace can drive some slight changes in gross margins. Again, step back for a second, 69.8% gross margin we're very, very happy with where we are with the services margin trajectory.
