Timothy Cook: Shannon, it's Tim. As I mentioned on the last quarter's call, we made a very bold bet, taking iPhone capacity for the September quarter with the new iPhone 4 in the lineup to 14 million. And as you may remember, we sold over 14 million in that quarter in total iPhones, so it was a fantastic quarter. And that was up from a previous number that with the 8-ish million range. We were able to step that up in this past quarter to over 16 million, as Peter said in his opening remarks. And so we were able to increase over 2 million. And we’re, obviously, have continued to work on increasing this further. But as with all good things, it takes some time to do that. Relative to Verizon, we are thrilled to offer the iPhone 4 to Verizon with 93 million customers, as well as any new customers who want an iPhone 4 on Verizon. And we're going to do everything possible to get the iPhones into as many hands of those customers as possible.
Timothy Cook: It's just getting going, but we are thrilled to have reported over 1 million in a very short amount of time. And so we're very happy with the start of it.
Timothy Cook: Katy, let me take each one of those separately. On iPad, we increased dramatically last quarter. We sold 7.3 million the previous quarter, we were in the low 4s as you know. That did get us into supply-demand balance and also allowed us to expand to 46 countries, or to a total of 46 by the end of the quarter, which added 20 during the quarter. And we're confident enough to add another 15 countries during the month of January that will take us over 60. And so we feel very, very good about the progress that we've made here. Relative to iPhone 4, I also feel very, very good about what we've been able to do. However, it's not enough. We do still have a significant backlog. We are working around-the-clock to build more. I feel great that the demand is so high, but at this point, I'm not going to predict when supply and demand will meet. We believe the reaction and results from the Verizon customers will be huge, and so I don't want to give a prediction right now when the supply and demand will cross.
Timothy Cook: Yes. That's a very good question. First of all, let me say that of the BRIC countries, Brazil, Russia, India, China, we, several years ago, identified China as our top priority, and we put enormous energy into China. And the results of that has been absolutely staggering. To give you some numbers there and some specifics, we look at Greater China as a region. And Greater China, just for clarity, is mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The revenue from Greater China for Apple for last quarter was $2.6 billion, which was up 4x from the prior year quarter. And to further, just an exclamation point by that, we did a little over $3 billion for the entire year, fiscal year 2010. And so we're very, very proud of the team and the results that we've gotten there. Korea has also been a very, very good market for us. We had an outstanding Q1 there, primarily driven by iPhone and iPads. And there are several other Asian countries doing extremely well. Japan is not in the segment that you're looking out, but Japan by itself, the revenue was up 83% year-over-year. And if you're familiar with the Japanese economy and the growth there, to grow 83% on the base that we're doing is stunning. And so we are placing more and more resource in these areas and continue to look for expansion possibilities throughout Asia.
Timothy Cook: Well, Gene, that's part of the magic of Apple. And I don't want to let anybody know our magic because I don't want anybody copying it. What I would tell you is that in my view, Apple is doing its best work ever, that we are all very happy with the product pipeline. And the team here has an unparalleled breadth and depth of talent and a culture of innovation that Steve has driven in the company, and excellence has become a habit. And so we feel very, very confident about the future of the company. I would also note to those people that haven't thought about it is we've done outstanding in our Mac business. We've had 19 quarters straight of growing faster than the market, but we still have a relatively low share of a very large PC market despite having great momentum there. And so it would seem like there's enormous opportunity still there. We have a relatively low share in the handset market. The handset market is well over 1 billion units a year, and the smartphone market is growing faster than a weed. And so there's enormous opportunity here, and we have incredible momentum in that space. iPad just got started, it's a new category. We sold almost 15 million through the first three quarters, and we believe the market is huge. IDC, I saw this morning, is predicting it to quadruple in two years. I don't know what to predict in terms of specific numbers. However, we believe it's a huge market, as we've said before. And so we're in some great markets, some fast-moving markets, we have the best products we've ever done and an incredible product pipeline. We feel very, very confident.
Timothy Cook: Rich, in terms of the go-forward in March quarter and what is embedded in the guidance that Peter gave earlier is that we expect a favorable pricing environment for DRAM, where supply exceeds the demand still. Some prices for raw materials such as key metals is currently increasing due to the anticipated strengthening of the worldwide economy, and it remains to be seen whether that continues. The bulk of the other commodities from NAND Flash to batteries to HDDs to ODDs to LCDs and most other commodities are generally in a supply-demand balance. And so we would expect this group of commodities to fall in prices consistent with their historical trends. In terms of what we saw last quarter, frankly speaking, in most areas, we saw a favorability and it was a key part of us overachieving our guidance gross margin.
Timothy Cook: It's something I don't want to give out, Rich, because I view it as a competitive -- something I just don't want our competition knowing. But let me talk about it in general and hopefully, that will suffice. From our point of view on the design side, we design components where we believe we can innovate beyond what's available in the market. And the most recent example of this is the A4 chip. But with the A4 chip, we didn't feel like we had to invest in the fab itself and build the fab because we felt like they were good options in the market for doing that, but not good options in terms of buying a design, and so we really focused on design. On the operational side of the house, as you probably remember, we've historically entered into certain agreements with different people to secure supply and other benefits. And the largest one in the recent past has been we signed a deal with several Flash suppliers back at the end of 2005 that totaled over $1 billion because we anticipated that Flash would become increasingly important across our entire product line and increasingly important to the industry. And so we wanted to secure supply for the company, and we think that, that was an absolutely fantastic use of Apple's cash. And we constantly look for more of these. And so in the past several quarters we've identified another area and come to some recent agreements that Peter talked about in his opening comments, in that these payments consist of both prepayments and capital for process equipment and tooling. And similar to the Flash agreements, they're focused in an area we feel is very strategic. And so I'd prefer not to go into more detail about what specific area it's in, but it's the same kind of thinking that led us to those deals that led us to the Flash deal.
Timothy Cook: Bill, margins consist of a number different factors like which direction the commodity markets are going? Where the product is within the product life cycle, as well as the value engineering that we do and the negotiating and so forth we do. And so I don't think that you can take a single product kind of out by itself and speak about it with any accuracy. And as you know, we don't guide at the product level on margin. We're confident with the guidance that Peter provided on gross margin in his opening comments.
Timothy Cook: Well, and if you're look at what's shipping today, there's not much out there as you know. And generally speaking, there's two kinds of groups today, that are at least on the market today. The ones that are using a Windows-based operating system are generally fairly big and heavy and expensive. They have very weak battery life, they require a keyboard or a stylus as an input device. And from our point of view and what we've seen, customers, frankly, just are not interested in them. Then you have the Android tablet, and the variety that are out shipping today, the operating system wasn't really designed for a tablet. And Google has said this, and so this is not just an Apple view by any means. And so you wind up having a size of a tablet that is less than what we believe is reasonable or even one that would provide what we feel is a real tablet experience. And so basically, you wind up with kind of a scaled-up smartphone, which is a bizarre product in our view. Then you've got kind of a third group -- and so those are the two that are shipping today. And frankly speaking, it's hard for me to understand if somebody does a side-by-side with an iPad, I think some enormous percentage of people are going to select an iPad there. Those are not tablets that we have any concern on. The next-generation Android tablets, which are primarily what you mentioned in terms of the CES, there's nothing shipping yet, and so I don't know. Generally, they lack performance specs, they lack prices, they lack timing. And so today, they're vapor. We'll assess them as they come out. However, we're not sitting still. And we have a huge first-mover advantage. And we have an incredible user experience from iTunes to the App Store, and an enormous number of apps and a huge ecosystem. And so we're very, very confident with entering into a fight with anyone.
Timothy Cook: Toni, it's Tim. Relative to the ASP, I generally would not do this. And I want to be specific, that this comment isn't related to the U.S. or any specific carrier or any specific region. But to specifically answer your question, I don't envision the overall iPhone ASP decreasing from the December quarter that we just completed to the March quarter that we're currently in. And as you know, as our long-standing practice has been, we don't comment on after, after that period of time. Relative to other carriers, yes, we're always looking and assessing in every country who we should be doing business with and exploring different deals and arrangements, et cetera. And so we'll continue to do that. What I've said before and we have seen this in every case, literally, that we've done, is where we've moved from a exclusive carrier arrangement to a dual- or multi-carrier arrangement, our growth has changed significantly and our market share has increased. And so that doesn't mean that would happen in every country nor does it mean that we're just out doing that in every country. We look at each one individual because each market has its own individual characteristics and parameters and technology. On the CDMA phone, specifically, I don't have any specific thing to announce today other than we're truly thrilled to be working with the Verizon team. They have built quite a company and earned a great deal of respect from the customers, and some of them have waited a long time to get iPhone. And we're very, very happy to give them iPhone, and any other customers that are non-Verizon customers who wish to buy an iPhone. We're also very happy that we've signed a multi-year non-inclusive deal with AT&T. And so we're very happy that we'll have shortly a dual-carrier setup in the United States.
Timothy Cook: Toni, I generally found people really want to do business with us, and their customers are very much desiring to have the iPhone. And so I don't really see a lack of desire. I don't want to comment about any specific country because I view any conversations that we have going confidential in nature. It is true, as you said, that we are not under a contractual exclusivity now in any country in the world. The last one was the United States. We have moved away from those. I can guarantee you that we always are looking at opportunities to grow. Of course, in the very short-term, I would also remind you that we're constrained on iPhone 4, and we're working around the clock to get as many of these out to our existing partners as we can.
Timothy Cook: That's a good question. What we saw in the Mac this quarter was we grew 23% at the worldwide level, and that is compared to a market growth of only 3%. And so we grew almost 8x the market rate of growth, which is, I think, stunning. And every region outgrew the market, so it wasn't just one region. Asia-Pacific led the growth with a whopping 67% year-over-year increase, and that's almost 10x what market did there, to put it in context. Japan grew at 56%, which is about 6x the market, and Europe and the United States both grew in double-digits despite both markets contracting overall. And so we did significantly better than the market in every major region, and we're very proud of that. Now was there any cannibalization by iPad? Honestly, I don't know for sure. But yes, I think there is some cannibalization. But I also think there's a halo effect. As we've seen on the Mac by the iPod some years ago, I think there is a halo effect from Apple product to Apple product. And of course, we have introduced millions of people in Asia to Apple through the iPhone. And we're now introducing many more through the iPad, and I think some of those decide to buy a Mac. And so when you look at the Mac growth in Asia at 67%, and you look at the Japan growth at 56%, and you look at the U.S. and Europe growing in double-digits against shrinking markets, if this is cannibalization, it feels pretty good. The other point I would make is that if the iPad or tablets do cannibalize the PC market, keep in mind that we have low share of the PC market. And so the other guys lose a lot more, and we have a lot more to win because of that. And so honestly, cannibalization is not something that we are spending one minute on here. The iPad team are building the best iPad for the future, and the Mac teams are building the best Mac, and I can tell you that both groups believe that they can continue to grow and do great stuff, and I believe that.
Timothy Cook: I think one of the -- part of the magic of Apple is that there's not high walls between these product groups. They like each other, talk to each other, they're of the same DNA, they want to build the best products in the world. And so if one has a great idea, there's not a "not invented here" in the other group. And so one of the key learnings from the iPad was that people love instant on, they really love that. And so the MacBook Air incorporated that, and that's just one simple example. But there are tons of examples throughout all of our products, where something started on one and went to a different one. And it's not always in the same direction either. It could start on the phone, and then flow forward, it could start on the iPad and flow, and so on and so forth. And so just the part of the way we run the company. And I think Steve said it great when he said, "If the Mac company were a separate company, and the iPad company were a separate company, what would the Mac company build to compete with the iPad? And I think the answer is the MacBook Air." And I think that's a phenomenal insight, and I think a great way to look at it. And it's not that the groups are competing, they are sharing and coming up with these incredible products that people really want.
Timothy Cook: I don't want to share -- do we collect it? Yes, of course, we do. The numbers for iPhone are -- there's many such numbers, they're now big because we've been shipping iPhones for a while. Any product that you ship for a while looks a little different at the prime end or in the early adopter cycle versus when you get to the mainstream. The iPad went through that cycle quickly, and moved to mainstream and enterprise and all the rest in record time. But nevertheless, that data needs to settle some, even before internally, we put a lot of weight in it. But the bulk of your question doesn't need specific numbers. To make a point, if you look at our Asia-Pacific business, the revenue growth was 175% or so. And so this is incredible. And the size of business in Asia that we've now built is massive. To do $2.6 billion in China in three months, where just two years ago, we did less than $1 billion in the whole year, it is phenomenal, or actually for the year before. And so I think we are -- it's clear that we're introducing a lot of people to Apple who previously had not been introduced to the company, and I think that helps across the product line.
Timothy Cook: I think that the tablet market is, the opportunity is so large, it's large everywhere, honestly. I think it’s huge.
Timothy Cook: Well, if you look at the iPhone portion, we had record sales on iPhone with 16.2 million units sold in the quarter. And Peter said we believe we could've sold more if we had more supply. From the market estimates that we've seen, it suggests that we grew faster than the market. Obviously, we're working around the clock on increasing supply. We're continuing to expand countries and carriers. And I've talked a little bit of that with Toni's question. We're getting enormous enterprise traction, with 88% of the Fortune 100, which is mind-blowing, I believe. 83% of the Fortune 500, 60% of the FT 100. So the enterprise traction is gaining. We have the highest customer sat [satisfaction] ratings in the industry versus Android or RIM or any -- we have the largest App Store with over 300,000 apps. We have now sold over 160 million iOS devices. And I mean, this is huge. And we fundamentally believe that our integrated approach delivers a far superior customer experience than the fragmented approach. And you can see this in a variety of ways from the fragmentation of the number of App Stores out there that people are going to pull their hair out, because they're going to have a variety of updating methodologies, and a variety of payment methods, and slightly different derivatives. You can see from surveys, people are doing to see who is on the latest OS, and you'll notice that the iOS is always off the charts on the percentage of people that have the latest version versus the other guys. We are launching with Verizon next month. We believe there's a huge pent-up demand there, and we think that, that will help us in the U.S. And so I think I'd probably just repeat it, much of what he said before. But the net-net is we think that our integrated approach is much better for the end user because it takes out all the complexity for the end user instead of making the end user a systems integrator themselves. I don't know about you, but I don't know very many people that want to be system integrators as a consumer or somebody in the enterprise. And so I think that the more iPhones that we can get out there into people's hands, the more people love them. And I think we've got a very bright future. I think the same thing about iPad. It's the same set of issues at the end of the day. The differences on iPad, of course, is that we have a -- we've been running three quarters without any significant competition of any type. And I think that the customer sat ratings on the iPad are also off the charts. So I don't know if any of that is new, I doubt that it is. But I think we're in a very good position.
Timothy Cook: The way that we look at it is it's the Mac of the future shipping today, and it was a phenomenal part of our growth on the Mac last quarter. It has gotten off to a unbelievable start. The customers love it. They love the precision of it, they love the thinness, the weight, the instant on and the list is long, I think. And so we're really happy with how it's doing out of the starting blocks. And as you know, we've only been shipping it for less than 90 days, and so we've just gotten going.
Timothy Cook: I think that the consumerization that you speak of, of the enterprise, is one of the megatrends that are occurring. I think the most forward-looking CIOs are coming to the realization that the productivity of the person, the creativity of the employees is materially more important than everyone using the same thing. And the ability to write apps in a simple and straightforward manner for the iPhone or the iPad through the SDK is an incredible thing. And you can wind up, literally, running your whole business off of an iPad or an iPhone. And so I think the list of ideas and places that people can go there are -- were unimaginable just a few months ago. And so I see an enormous potential there. The numbers are already incredible. And think about this, the iPad started shipping in April, and we're already up to 80% of the largest companies deploying or piloting the product. This is unheard of, at least, in my dealings with the enterprise over the years. Generally, enterprise is much slower and much more cautious and uses things that have been in the market for a long time. And I think to everyone's credit, they've seen the value of this from a productivity and creativity point of view, and they're really moving fast. And so I think we're just scratching the surface right now. In terms of inhibitors, the iPad has a huge advantage because as you probably remember, as we went to various different iOS releases, we always put in a huge chunk of enterprise features. And so this isn't something that we just started focusing on. We started focusing on this before we shipped the first phone. And with the synergy that exists with the iOS between the different products, other products get the advantage of it, not just the product that it ships on initially. And so I think there's a huge play here for us.
Peter Oppenheimer: Gene, you can't run the experiment both ways, that's -- the demand for iPhone has just been incredible. We could not make enough in the quarter, and we would've loved to have ended with more channel inventory than we did.
Peter Oppenheimer: And I would ask of that, that we have always aggressively worked to lower our costs. I think we have a good track record in this regard, and we shipped a lot of iPads in the December quarter, and have very strong gross margins. So I think we were quite happy with our progress.
Peter Oppenheimer: Ben, I'll answer your question in a couple of ways. First of all, we're working hard to increase supply of iPhones. Tim has talked about that, but that will come over a period of time and not necessarily, overnight, as we said. In terms of the sequential guidance this year, let me start by saying we are thrilled to be giving you guidance for 63% revenue growth year-over-year, which will translate to a 50% earnings growth. So the business is performing extremely well. We're shipping the best products in Apple history and customer response has been tremendous. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we increased the iPhone and the iPad channel inventory by about 775,000 units, and this will have a bit of impact on the sequential compare that you referred to. In terms of the products, for Mac, we've just reported the highest Mac sales ever, and we've outgrown the market for 19 consecutive quarters. We would expect to see a sequential unit decline, which is typical for us after the holiday season. For iPod, we would also expect to see a large sequential decline, which is also typical for us after the holiday season. For iPhone, we'd expect to see a significant year-over-year increase. And for iPad, this will be our first experience, going from the December to March quarter, so we'll see. However, it was clear to us that the iPad was a hot holiday gift item, which fueled the 75% sequential growth that we saw in the December quarter. And given this, we would expect a sequential decline in the March quarter. So that's what's gone into our thinking, Ben.
Peter Oppenheimer: I'm sorry, Mark, that's not a question I can answer. We don't talk about future products. But I can tell you that in terms of what we're shipping today, we're always aggressively working to lower our costs. And I think we have a good track record in doing so, and our gross margins were stronger than we thought for the December quarter. And I've provided guidance for the March quarter at 38.5%. And we feel very, very good about the performance of our products and our cost of products.
