Timothy D. Cook: Katy, it's Tim. As Luca mentioned, the channel inventory did go down by 600,000. We sold more units than we thought we would and so that was a part of that. The other part of it is that we always run with just the amount of inventory that we think we need. And so to the degree that sales are distributed in the countries with disproportionally with shorter supply chains, or the standard deviation demand is less, we would always choose to have less. And so in this particular quarter, we were able to end basically right at the bottom end of our range and we view that as a good thing, not a bad thing. Obviously the revenues could have been much higher if we would have expanded the channel, but if you don't need to do that, that's not how we think about the business. We run the business for the long term, not the 90-day clock. In terms of what's going on with iPhone, the 35% growth is almost three times the market. And if you look at it at a little narrower regional level, Western Europe grew 30% versus a market of 7%, so four times market. Japan grew over five times market. We doubled in Korea versus a market that was shrinking. And India we grew at 93% and this is on top of the Greater China numbers that we've already covered that grew 87% during the quarter against a market of 5%. And so we did exceptionally well I think in any way that you look at it. In terms of the percentage of customers that have upgraded to a 6 and 6 Plus versus that have not upgraded, it's 73%, or meaning that 27% of the installed base of customers prior to the launch of 6 and 6 Plus have now upgraded. And so we view that as a very bullish sign on the future, that there's a lot of headroom left for upgraders. We also are incredibly happy to see the highest Android switcher rate that we've observed. And so from our point of view, the iPhone is doing outstanding.
Timothy D. Cook: Well you know, Katy, we purposely just give guidance for the current quarter and we've done that. And obviously the kind of numbers that we have indicated growth in the revenue means that iPhone would have another stellar quarter. And so we're very confident that this quarter is going to be great. How the future looks, we'll take it one quarter at a time. But as I back up from it and look at it more from a macro point of view, the things that makes me very bullish is the 27% number I just quoted, the fact that we are seeing the highest Android switcher rate, the customer satisfaction that we have on the iPhone versus the competition. It's a huge margin. The loyalty rate that we have versus competition, an enormous gap there. I also look at the first time iPhone buyers and we're still seeing very, very large numbers in the countries that you would want to see those in, like China and Russia and Brazil and so forth. I also see a market that over a five-year horizon, if you look at the IDC numbers, is projected to grow from 1.3 million in 2014 to over 1.9 billion – this is billion, rather, billion in 2019. And so it's an incredible market. I think everybody's going to own a smartphone, and I think we've proven that we can compete for a fair number of those, as you can see from our results.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah Gene, this is Tim. Let me talk about the Watch some. As you know, we made a decision back in September, quite several months ago not to disclose the shipments on the Watch and that was not a matter of not being transparent, it was a matter of not giving our competition insight that's a product that we've worked really hard on. However, let me give you some color so to avoid reaching sort of a wrong conclusion. If you look at the other products category and look at the revenue in this category, it would not be an accurate thing to just look at the sequential change or the year over year change and assume that were the total Watch revenue because the aggregate balance of that category, both sequentially and year over year, is shrinking. Obviously iPod is a part of that, but there are other things in there, accessories and so forth, that are shrinking. Secondly to provide a bit more color, sales of the Watch did exceed our expectations and they did so despite supply still trailing demand at the end of the quarter. And to give you a little additional insight, through the end of the quarter, in fact the Apple Watch sell-through was higher than the comparable launch periods of the original iPhone or the original iPad. And we were able to do that with having only 680 points of sale. And as you probably know, as I had reviewed earlier, the online sales were so great at the beginning, we were not able to feed inventory to our stores until mid-June. And so those points of sale pretty much, the overwhelming majority of the low numbers of sales were not there until the last two weeks of the quarter. And so as I look at all of these things, we feel really great about how we did. Now our objective for the quarter wasn't primarily sales. Beyond the very good news on sales, we're more excited about how the product is positioned for the long term because we're starting a new category. And as I back up and look at this, we have 8,500 apps. We've already announced the next operating system, watchOS 2. It will bring native apps which are going to be killer to the Watch. Even though the store layout was delayed, we've learned a lot about the buying experience. Based on that experience, we're now planning to expand our channel before the holiday because we're convinced that the Watch is going to be one of the top gifts of the holiday season. Now most importantly of all of this is that customer sat is off the charts because we've constantly seen if you can get the customer sat off the charts you can wind up doing fairly well over time. We've also learned a lot about managing quite an assortment and so forth. And so I sort of back up and look at this and I feel fantastic about what the team has done and delivered and I know I never go anywhere without the Watch and it's not because I'm the CEO of Apple. I'm that attached to it and I get lots of notes from a lot of people that feel the same way. And so that's how I look at the Watch.
Timothy D. Cook: Toni, it's Tim. We look at it a bit differently than you do. We look at it as our job is to grow our products regardless of the price, which means that we need to convince in some cases people to move from one price band to the other. And that we think if we do a great job with the product that people will be willing to spend more because they get so much more out of it. And I think you can look at the results on the iPhone and see that in action. I mean, we grew 87% in China. We grew 90%-plus in India. Emerging markets are growing 65%. These numbers are unbelievable and they're done in an environment where it's not the best of conditions. So that's how we look at. We don't do the MBA analysis of there's only X people buying in a price band and therefore we can only get X minus Y percent. That's not the way we've ever looked at it. If we did, we wouldn't be shipping any products.
Timothy D. Cook: Oh, I think there's no doubt if you look at it we are expanding the market size in those areas. It's also true that there's some people that are switching from comparable price points to the iPhone, and that's great too. But I think the answer is that both of those things are happening and it's key that we do both, not just one.
Timothy D. Cook: The 86% also seems low to me but I was quoting a third-party source and not our own data. Our own data would look better than that. But the numbers are only comparable if I quote the third-party source for both and so that's what I'm doing. On the upgrade cycle and what we're seeing, it's not remarkably different. However, there's a number of plans that people began signing up for in the last year that could change it. These are upgrade any time kind of plans. They may be one year leases that could actually help the upgrade rate. And I think it'll be interesting to see how that plays out over the next horizon. But generally speaking, I see positive vectors there, not negative, in the aggregate.
Timothy D. Cook: Jim, it's Tim. We think the phone has a lot of legs to it. I mean, many, many, many years. There's tons of innovation left at the phone. I think we're in the early innings of it, not in the late innings, and I think the market rate of growth over the long haul will also be impressive. And so there will be multiple winners here. And so that's how I see it. In terms of the other things that we're doing, we have some great capability and great teams in Apple. And so we can do more than one thing, and so we have other things that we're working on as well. But at the aggregate level, we still remain very focused because if you look at our size versus the number of projects we have going, it's much smaller compared to most. But that's how we do things and that's how we get the level of quality that we want out of each one of those. And so the other things that you named, whether it be Apple Music or Apple Pay, both of these are very important to us. And things that you didn't mention, the Mac continues to perform very well. I am still bullish on iPad. We've gotten with iOS 9, there's some incredible productivity enhancements coming in with split view and slide over and picture-in-picture. These things are incredible features. The enterprise business is clearly picking up and more and more companies are either contracting for or writing apps themselves. I think and I believe that the iPad consumer upgrade cycle will eventually occur because as we look at the usage statistics on iPad, it remains unbelievably great. I mean, the next closest usage of the next competitor, we're six times greater. And so these are extraordinary numbers. It's not like people have forgotten iPad or anything. It's a fantastic product. So I see a lot of runway. And as I look geographically, where we've been doing really good in the emerging markets, our share is still not high in any of them, and so there's a lot of headroom there as well, as there is in most developed markets as well. And so I look around, I see opportunity left and right. And that's what we're focused on.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah, it's a very good question, and we remain extremely bullish on China and we're continuing to invest. Nothing that's happened has changed our fundamental view that China will be Apple's largest market at some point in the future. It's true, as you point out, that the equity markets have recently been volatile. This could create some speed bumps in the near term. But to put it in context, which I think is important, despite that volatility in the Chinese market, they're still up 90% over the last year, and they're up 20% year-to-date, and so these kind of numbers are numbers I think all of us would love. Also, the stock market participation among Chinese household is fairly narrow. And the stock ownership is very concentrated in a few people who put what appears to be a smaller portion of their wealth in the market than we might. And so I think generally this has been, at least as we see it, maybe it's not true for other businesses, that this worry is probably overstated. And so we're not changing anything. We have the pedal to the metal on getting to 40 stores mid next year. As we had talked about before, we're continuing to expand the indirect channel as well. As you point out, and I think this is a major point that many people miss, the LTE penetration in China is only at 12%. And China doesn't possess the level of fiber that some other countries do, and so in order to get the great video performance, et cetera, raising that penetration is really great. I think that really plays to an incredible smartphone future there. Also, and I can't underestimate – I can't overstate this. The rise of the middle class there is continuing, and it is transforming China. McKinsey, I saw a recent study from McKinsey that's projecting the upper middle class to grow from 14% to 54% of households over the ten-year period from 2012 to 2022. So we're within that period at this moment, and you can see for all of us that travel there so much, with every trip you can see this occurring. And so I think we would be foolish to change our plans. I think China is a fantastic geography with an incredible unprecedented level of opportunity there. And we're going to be there.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah, I'm very familiar with the ads. In certain geographies, the way that we win is to get switchers. In other geographies, the way that we win is to get people to buy their first smartphone. In other geographies, the way that we win is to get people to upgrade from their current iPhone. And all of those are very important for us. In many geographies, it's two of those or in some geographies it's all three of those. And so all of those are important. We are very focused on growing iPhone around the world, not just in one geography and getting our message out there through ads is one way to do that.
Timothy D. Cook: Yeah, Shannon, it's Tim. Maybe the best way to talk about this is sort of at the product level. On the Watch, our June sales were higher than April or May. I realize that's very different than what some of the, is being written, but the June sales were the highest. And so the Watch had a more of a back-ended kind of a skewing. The phone itself followed what I would call a normal seasonal kind of pattern. And if you look at the – it sounds like you're honing in on the Greater China results themselves. There is no obvious impact from the last quarter in the Greater China numbers. And obviously with the aggregate or the consolidated number being 112%, it's hard to find a lot of bad things in the numbers.
Luca Maestri: Definitely. This is Luca. So we got into 38.5% to 39.5%, and so just keep in mind last year in Q4, our gross margin declined by 140 basis points sequentially. So this year we're expecting a sequential decline of 220 basis points. I would point to three main factors for the decline. First of all, to your point around foreign exchange, it continues to be a challenging environment given the strengthening of the US dollar. In our case, the impact on margin after the hedges is going to be about 30 basis points for Q4. Also, I want to point to a different mix, which is typical of our seasonality as we enter the back-to-school season during Q4. And thirdly, the transition cost that you've mentioned as we prepare for a busy fall. And so those are the three factors that will have an impact on gross margin sequentially. I would point that in general costs continue to be, particularly commodity costs continue to be favorable and so there would be a partial offset to the factors that I mentioned.
Luca Maestri: Yeah, so as we mentioned, the ASP for iPhone was up $99, 18% increase year-over-year and this is really driven by the mix, by the fact that we've added iPhone 6 Plus to a new price point and in general, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are doing extremely well as a percentage of the portfolio. And keep in mind that this $99 was partially offset by $24 of unfavorable foreign exchange. So the number would have been even better. So yes, clearly 6 and 6 Plus. And I think we talked about it in prior calls, the 6 Plus is doing particularly well in the markets that you would expect, Greater China, other Asian markets. Those are markets where our growth rates are particularly strong and the 6 Plus, because of the screen size, is doing extremely well.
Luca Maestri: Okay Gene, let me start with gross margin. As Tim said before, obviously we guide to the current quarter. You know, as we look at it at a macro level. I think there are, you know every cycle is different for a variety of reasons. There are also things that are not necessarily within our control. So for example, currency markets can be very different one year to the next. We know that the next year is going to represent an additional challenge given where the dollar has moved. Commodity markets may be very different from one year to the other. There are things that remain relatively similar as we launch new products. For example, we innovate the products. We want to make them better all the time, and that typically requires additional cost and so the cost structures of our products, new products, tend to be higher than the products that they replace. Having said that, as you know we've got a very, very good track record to reduce those cost factors over the lifecycle of the products. I think this should give you a bit of color. Of course maybe the one thing that I want to point out again as we get into the following year, is that of course currency will be an issue.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon. So obviously FX has been a significant hit in many ways, of course. I mean it reduces our growth rate. We would be 800 basis points higher this quarter from the 33% that we've reported if it wasn't for the movement in currencies around the world. And really when you look around the world, it's really if you exclude China, essentially every single currency has weakened against the dollar. We are pretty careful and thoughtful about where we increase prices and when and by how much during mid-cycle because it's not something that we particularly like to do. We've had circumstances around the world this year where frankly we didn't have many options because the currency movement was so large and so we've had to reprice. I have to say that it's been remarkable. Look, in the long run a strong US dollar is not a positive for our international business. It's normal to see a drop in demand when prices go up. That goes without saying. It has been remarkable so far to see that we did take prices in a few markets. But really remarkable to see how resilient iPhone sales have been, because we have increased, in spite of these price increases, we've increased sales and we've increased market share in all our geographies around the world, without exception.
