Tim Cook: Wamsi, it's Tim. In terms of the mix, we don't comment directly on mix. But what I would tell you is that we saw strong demand across the iPhone 13 family. And in fact, we had several of the top-selling models in various markets, including the top 5 in the U.S. and Australia, the top 4 in Urban China, 2 of the top 3 in the UK, 3 of the top 4 in France and Germany and 4 of the top 6 in Japan. And certainly, based on some external data that I've seen, it does seem to say that we are gaining share as well. So we feel quite good about the momentum of iPhone. And I should add that we were constrained during the quarter.
Tim Cook: Yes. Kyle, it's Tim. From a supply constraint point of view, as you recall, we said that in Q1, the December quarter, that would have constraints more than 6, and we clearly did have constraints more than 6. On March, we're saying that where we will have -- we will do better or have less constraints than we had in the December quarter. If you look at the commonality between different products, there is some. But generally, the challenge is on legacy nodes. And these legacy nodes are by supplier. And so it's much more focused on the supplier than anything else and versus us behind the curtain finding a place to take it. There's not -- none of that, but there is some of that. But largely, we have to take it where the shortages are.
Tim Cook: Yes. The issue with iPad, and it was a very significant constraint in the December quarter, was very much on these legacy nodes that I had talked about. Virtually all of the problem was in that area. And so overall, we're not guiding by product constraint -- by product level. But at the -- but overall, we do see an improvement in the March quarter in terms of the constraints going down versus what they were in the December quarter.
Tim Cook: Yes. Shannon, thank you for the question. Mac set an all-time revenue record at $10.9 billion for the quarter. That was up 25%. And as you point out, the last 6 quarters for the Mac have been the top 6 revenue quarters of all time. And what's further very good about this is we set all-time revenue records in Americas, in Europe and the rest of Asia Pacific. And we set a December quarter record in Greater China. And so it's not narrowed to a particular geographic area that we're doing well in. It's almost -- about almost across the board. The response is very much because of M1. And we got even more response with the MacBook Pro that we launched in the -- during the Q1 time frame. The -- both the upgraders, which we had a record number of upgraders for the December quarter, but also in markets like China, 6 out of 10 sales are people new to the Mac. And so it's powered by both upgraders and switchers. Customer satisfaction is off the charts. And so what I see this as is a -- that will -- a product that will be very successful in a number of different markets from education, to business, to the creative industry and in all geographic markets. We're not limiting ourselves.
Tim Cook: Katy, if you sort of step back and look at how we've done, our largest issue by far has been the chip shortage. That is industry-wide and on these legacy nodes, as I had mentioned earlier. And I think our supply chain actually does very good considering the shortages because it's a fast-moving supply chain. The cycle times are very short. There's very little distance between a chip being fabricated and packaged and a product being -- going out of factory. And so, no, I don't see that it makes a fundamental change in the supply chain.
Tim Cook: Well, that's a big question. But we're a company in the business of innovation. So we're always exploring new and emerging technologies. And I -- you've spoken at length about how this area is very interesting to us. Right now, we have over 14,000 AR kit apps in the App Store, which provide incredible AR experiences for millions of people today. And so we see a lot of potential in this space and are investing accordingly.
Tim Cook: Yes. Amit, what we've said in terms of December and March was that it's very difficult to estimate with great precision the constraints. But we said that they would be more than the Q4 or more than the September quarter, and we're saying that March will be less than the December quarter. And so that's the kind of verbiage that we’ve placed around it. In terms of is it still challenging? Yes, it is challenging. And for us, we pride ourselves on getting products to customers who really want them and try to do that in a fast basis. And so it's frustrating that we can't always do that at the speed that we would like. However, March is better than December. And so there's some encouraging sign there. We're not predicting, [which we do not know] overall, obviously because of the number of variables that go into such a prediction.
Tim Cook: We have a little different model. We try to announce things when they're ready or close to ready and try to maintain an element of surprise in there. And so that explains hopefully what we do with our road map. And I think that's proven successful for us, and other people can do it differently, of course, but it's pretty been good for us over time to do that. So we're going to continue to do that. In terms of deciding where we invest in, we look at areas that are sort of at the intersection of hardware, software and services. And because we think that, that's where the magic really happens and it brings out the best in Apple. And so there are areas that have more than peaked our interest, and we are investing in those. And you can tell through time that we've ramped our R&D spend even more than we were before. And so there's quite a bit of investment going into things that are not on the market at this point as there always are.
Tim Cook: Well, I can only comment on, for us. Our sales grew 21% there in the last quarter, and we're very proud of that. I'll stay away and let other people be the economist and make the macro determinations. But what we're seeing there was super impressive with all-time revenue records and a record number of upgraders and strong double-digit growth in switchers on iPhone, which is very important to us. And as I've mentioned before, we had the top 4 selling phones in urban China. And so there's a lot of good there. And I would remind you that iPhone was constrained in the quarter. And so I'm not sure where the statements are coming around about inventory, and I can't comment on whether other people have more or not, I don't know the answer to that. Thanks for the question.
Tim Cook: We're seeing inflation, and it's factored into our gross margin and OpEx that Luca reviewed with you earlier. Logistics, as I've mentioned on a previous call, is very elevated in terms of the cost of moving things around. I would hope that at least a portion of that is transitory, but the world is -- the world has changed, and so we'll see.
Tim Cook: We don't give out subscriber numbers for Apple TV+. What we do, do is give out a subscriber number for our subscription number for the total number of subscriptions that we had. And I think Luca mentioned earlier we ended the quarter at 785 million. And so we were incredibly pleased with that. That's a huge growth on a year-over-year basis of 165 million. And it counts, as you recall, both Apple branded and third party. In terms of how we're doing with TV+, we've been honored with 200 wins and 890 nominations. We're doing exactly like we had wanted to. We’re giving storytellers a place to tell original stories and feel really good about where we are competitively and strategic position of the product.
Tim Cook: Well, putting aside any kind of thing that sits on our road map for a second in that area, which we obviously wouldn't talk about in the call, I would say that I think Apple Card has a great runway ahead of us. It was rated to the #1 midsized credit carding customer set by J.D. Power and is getting -- has fast become people's main credit card for many, many people. And the growth of Apple Pay has just been stunning. It's been absolutely stunning. And there's still obviously a lot more there to go and because there's still a lot of cash in the environment. And so I think that both of these and whatever else we might do have a great future ahead.
Tim Cook: Yes. Chris, it's Tim. What I would say is that iPhone has become an integral part of so many people's lives now more than ever. And the active installed base of iPhone continues to grow and is now at an all-time high. And during December, as we had mentioned, we had a record number of upgraders and grew switchers strong double-digit, which I think speaks to the strength of the product. And that's all baked into some -- an enormous customer satisfaction rating of 98% and doing well throughout the geographies. And I've mentioned some of the geos that we track and how many units that we have on the top-selling model charts. And so -- and even though this is the second product announcement that has 5G in it, we're still really in the early innings of 5G, meaning if you look at the installed base and look at how many people are on 5G versus not, and we don't release those exact numbers, but you can do some math and estimate those, we maintain a very optimistic view on iPhone long term.
Tim Cook: I think I'll let Luca comment on the second part of that. But if you back up and sort of look at how we're doing, even though we have 785 million subs, relative to the total number of products offered and the customers that's offered in, there's still a lot of room to grow there. And so I -- the way that I look at it is that we -- there's a lot more greenfield in front of us.
Tim Cook: We don't make purely financial decisions about the content. We try to find great content that has a reason for being. And we love shows like Ted Lasso and several of the other shows as well that have reason for existing and may have a good message and may make people feel better at the end of it. But we're -- but I don't view that we've narrowed our universe, the things we're selecting from. There's plenty to pick from out there. And I think that we're doing a pretty good job of it as we speak.
Tim Cook: Well, the -- with the Apple Watch, there's literally not days that go by without me getting notes about someone that's received a health alert. Maybe it's to do with their cardiovascular health. Or more recently, a lot of people have told me that they fell and was knocked unconscious and couldn't respond and the watch responded for them to emergency contacts and emergency personnel. And so there's a lot that we're doing today. My sense has always been that there's more here. I don't want to get into a road map discussion in the call. But we continue to kind of pull the string and see where it takes us. But we're really satisfied with how we're doing in this area because we are fundamentally changing people's lives and, in some cases, saving people's lives. So it's an area of great interest.
Luca Maestri: Wamsi, on the services side, you were asking about gross margin there. As you know, our services business in aggregate is accretive to overall company margin. And as you know, our services portfolio is very broad, and it contains businesses with very different margin profiles. The difference in margin profile is due in part to the nature of those businesses and in part to the way that we account for them, in some cases, we account on a net basis as opposed to a gross basis. And so as a result, the services gross margin percentage over time will be influenced by the relative growth of the different businesses within the portfolio. We do not guide at the product and services level, but I think you've seen the guidance that we provided for the March quarter at the total company level, 42.5% to 43.5%, obviously very strong compared to our recent history. And so we're very pleased with that.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon. It was -- I mean it was really great on all fronts. We said December quarter records in every geographic segment. And then as I mentioned earlier, an all-time record for cloud, for music, for video, for advertising, for payment services. December quarter record in the App Store. So we've done, as you said, better than we were expecting at the beginning of the quarter. This overperformance has been spread around the world and spread around our services categories. And the reality is this combination of factors, the fact that the installed base is growing, the fact that we continue to have more and more engagement of our customers on all the services -- paid subscriptions is a phenomenal story, right? We now have 785 million paid subs. We just -- we've increased 165 million in the last 12 months alone, right? And so all these things combined are really powering the business. Very, very pleased with the performance.
Luca Maestri: Well, and we talked about it on a year-over-year basis because that's probably how most people look at it. And so just to recap what we said. First of all, we expect a record for the March quarter. We expect solid growth on a year-over-year basis. And -- but as Tim was saying, we still expect significant supply constraints but less than what we've seen in December. So I think on that basis, you can do the math around sequential. But given where we are in the environment, given the difficult compare both on iPhone, and as I mentioned on -- during my prepared remarks, on services, we're very, very happy with the way we're guiding and the way the business is going right now.
Luca Maestri: And Ben, on the services engagement and how we think about customers, right, obviously, it's important for us that customers are engaged on our services platforms. And the ones that we have, we know that the more engaged they are, they're more likely to stay with Apple for the long term. So we just obviously track all those metrics, and they're very important for us. And that's why we continue to improve the quality of our offerings and the quantity over time. As you've seen, we launched a lot of new services. We obviously care a lot about new customers as well, and that's why we keep track of the installed base and a lot of other metrics on that front. It's very similar to what we do with products. I mean, also for products, we care a lot about upgraders. We care a lot about switchers. It's obviously the combination of the 2 that when you put it together provides the level of growth that you've actually seen in our Services business. I mean the last 12 months, we've done over $72 billion of revenue on Services. It's the size of a Fortune 50 company. It couldn't happen with our contribution from both existing and new customers.
