Luca Maestri: Okay. Well, let me answer the question for the part that I could follow. So on a geographic basis, we've had great performance for iPhone in emerging markets. We set June quarter records in many of the emerging markets. We grew in total double digits. And the performance was strong across the board in emerging markets from China, where our performance improved from minus 3% to plus 8% in the June quarter and we grew double digits in constant currency, to many other areas around the world from India, where, again, we set a June quarter record with very strong performance there, Indonesia, Southeast Asia, in general, Latin America, Middle East. And so it's been really good there. We -- also, as you can see from our geographic segments, we had a slight acceleration of performance in the Americas, primarily in the United States, but we declined there because the smartphone market has been in a decline for the last couple of quarters in the United States.
Luca Maestri: I think you remember correctly, Shannon, because the 44.5% for the June quarter is an all-time record for us in June. We were up 20 basis points sequentially. It was driven by cost savings and a mix shift towards Services, which obviously helps company gross margins, partially offset by the seasonal loss of leverage. We have a commodity environment that is favorable to us. Our product mix is quite strong at this point. And so with the exception of foreign exchange, which continues to be a drag, and it was a significant drag on a year-over-year basis, yes, we are in a good position right now. We are in a good position for the June quarter. And as I mentioned, we expect similar level of gross margins for the same reasons, frankly, for the September quarter.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So all our comments are in reported currency, not in constant currency in relation to the outlook. And we said acceleration sequentially for iPhone and for Services. But we're also pointing out -- and this is where I think, Wamsi, you're referring to some seasonality issues. We also said that for Mac and iPad, we expect to decline double digits. And the reason for that is that we have a very difficult compare versus last year. You remember that a year ago, in the June quarter, we had factory shutdowns for both Mac and iPad. And so we were able to fill the pent-up demand from those shutdowns during the September quarter. So an unusual level of activity that we had a year ago. And so now, obviously, the compare is difficult. So we expect both iPad and Mac to be down double digits, which offset the acceleration that I mentioned for iPhone and Services.
Luca Maestri: Wamsi, I'll take it. We've done a really good job over the last few years with affordability programs around the world directly in our direct channel and with our partners around the world. The majority of iPhones, at this point, are sold using some kind of a program, trade-ins, installments, some kind of financing. And that percentage, which again, it's well over 50%, is very similar across developed and emerging markets. We want to do more of that because we think it really helps reduce the affordability threshold for our products. And we think it is also one of the reasons why our product mix has been very strong during the last couple of cycles. So we will continue to push on that front.
Luca Maestri: Let me start again. I just want to be clear about the guidance, the outlook guidance that we provided. We're referring entirely to reported numbers. So they take into account the fact that we have a slight improvement in foreign exchange. So when I talk about similar performance, I refer to reported performance in the June quarter and then the reported performance in the September quarter. And again, we expect, on a reported basis, our iPhone performance to accelerate, our Services performance to accelerate, and iPad and Mac to decline double digits. On the commodity front, as I mentioned, the environment is favorable. We always make sure that we take advantage of the opportunities that are available in the market, and we will continue to do that going forward.
Luca Maestri: I don't want to speculate past the September quarter because that's the horizon where we provide guidance. And I've said that the guidance for September is 44% to 45%, which you know is historically very high. And so obviously, that reflects a favorable environment for us.
Luca Maestri: Obviously, we look at the environment, and we know that this has been an uncertain period for the last few quarters. And so we decided to be deliberate in what we do in terms of controlling our spend, and there's many areas across the company that we're working on and we've been quite effective at slowing down the spend. We slowed down also the hiring within the company in several areas. And we're very pleased with our ability to decelerate some of the expense growth taking into account the overall macro situation. We will continue to manage deliberately. You can see that we continue to grow our R&D costs faster than the rest of the company. SG&A is actually growing at a much slower pace because obviously, our focus continues to be in innovation and product development, and we'll continue to do that.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Michael, you're correct. I mean clearly, we've seen an improvement in the June quarter, and we expect further improvement in the September quarter. In June, the performance was across the board. Tim and I mentioned we set records really across the board. We had all-time records in cloud, in video, in AppleCare, in payments and June quarter records in App Store, advertising and Music. So we saw improvement in all our Services categories. We think the situation will continue to improve as we go through September. And that's very positive because not only good for the financial results, but obviously, it shows a high level of engagement of our customers in the ecosystem, which is very important for us. And it's really the sum of all the things that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. It goes from the fact that our installed base continues to grow, so we've got a larger pool of customers, to the fact that our customers are more engaged as we have more transacting accounts and paid accounts on the ecosystem. And the subscriptions business is very healthy with growth of 150 million paid subscriptions just in the last 12 months. It's almost double to what we had 3 years ago. And of course, we are providing more and more content to our users. And so the combination of all these things gives us good confidence for September.
Luca Maestri: Well, we know that customers that own more than one device are typically more engaged in our ecosystem. And so obviously, they tend to also spend more on the Services front. I would say the biggest opportunity is that we know that there's a lot of customers that we have that are very familiar with our ecosystem. They are engaged in the ecosystem. But still today, they're using only the portion of the ecosystem that is free. And so we think that by offering better content and more content over time, we're going to be able to attract more of them as paid customers.
Luca Maestri: Yes. On the Wearables front, we had really good performance in Greater China. And that's, again, very important for us. It was a June quarter record for Greater China. Very important for us because, again, it shows that the engagement with the ecosystem in a market that is so important for us like China continues to grow. It means that there's more and more customers that are owning more than the iPhone. Also, we continue to grow the installed base of the category very quickly because, as I mentioned, 2/3 of every buyer of Apple Watch during the course of the June quarter was new to the product. And so that is all additive to the installed base. So it's just great to see that the AirPods continue to be a great success in the marketplace for us. And so things are moving in the right direction there. It's become a very large business for us in Wearables, Home and Accessories. The last 12 months, we've done $40 billion of business, which is nearly the size of a Fortune 100 company. So it's become very important, and it's allowed us to diversify both our revenues and our earnings.
Luca Maestri: Yes. It's been very good, primarily on the emerging market side of Europe. We include India and the Middle East and Central and Eastern Europe into the Europe segment. But as we mentioned at the beginning of the call, we had a number of markets that did very well, like France, like Italy, the Netherlands, Austria. So it was a good quarter for Europe.
Luca Maestri: So we tend -- we try to hedge our foreign exchange exposures because we think it's the right approach for the company in terms of minimizing the volatility that necessarily happens from the movements of currencies. We cannot effectively hedge every single exposure around the world because in some cases, it is not possible. In other cases, it is prohibitively expensive. But we tend to cover all the major currency payers that we have. About 60% of our business is outside the United States. So it's a very, very large and, I would say, very effective hedging program. And so we set up these hedges, and they tend to roll over very regularly. And then we replace them with new hedges at the new spot rate. So the impact that we're going to have on revenue and cost will depend on where the spot rates are at different points in time. And therefore, because of the way the program works, tends to be a bit of a lag in both directions as the foreign exchange moves over time.
Tim Cook: Yes. David, it's Tim. If you sort of step around the world, we did exceptionally well in emerging markets last quarter and even better on a constant currency basis. And so emerging markets were -- was a strength. If you look at China, in China, we went from a negative 3% in Q2 to a plus 8% in Q3. And so in China, we had an acceleration. If you look at the U.S., which is in the -- obviously in the Americas segment, it is the vast majority of what's in there, there was also a slight acceleration sequentially, although the Americas is still declining somewhat year-over-year, as you can see on the data sheet. The primary reason for that is that it's a challenging smartphone market in the U.S. currently. And then in Europe, Europe saw a record quarter and -- for the June quarter, a record. And so some really good signs in most places in the world.
Tim Cook: I don't want to get into revealing specifics in the different carriers. But generally speaking, I would think that it would be quite easy to find a promotion on a phone, provided you're hooking up to a service and either switching services, carriers or upgrading your phone at the same carrier. I think both of those cases today that you can find promotions out there, and I would expect that you'd be able to do that in the December time frame as well.
Tim Cook: We're focused on original content, as you know, with TV+. And so we're all about giving great storytellers the venue to tell great stories and hopefully get us all to think a little deeper. And sport is a part of that because sport is the ultimate original story. And for MLS, we're -- we could not be happier with how the partnership is going. It's clearly in the early days, but we are beating our expectation in terms of subscribers, and the fact that Messi went to Inter Miami helped us out there a bit. And so we're very excited about it.
Tim Cook: We did hit a June quarter revenue record in India, and we grew strong double digits. We also opened our first 2 retail stores during the quarter. And it's -- of course, it's early going currently, but they're currently beating our expectation in terms of how they're doing. We continue to work on building out the channel and putting more investment in our direct-to-consumer offers as well. And so I think if you look at it, it's the second largest smartphone market in the world. And it's -- so we ought to be doing really well there. And where I'm really pleased with our growth there, we're still -- we still have a very, very modest and low share in the smartphone market. And so I think that it's a huge opportunity for us. And we're putting the -- all of our energies in making that occur.
Tim Cook: If you take a step back, we view AI and machine learning as core fundamental technologies that are integral to virtually every product that we build. And so if you think about WWDC in June, we announced some features that will be coming in iOS 17 this fall, like Personal Voice and Live Voicemail. Previously, we had announced lifesaving features like fall detection and crash detection and ECG. None of these features that I just mentioned and many, many more would be possible without AI and machine learning. And so it's absolutely critical to us. And of course, we've been doing research across a wide range of AI technologies, including generative AI for years. We're going to continue investing and innovating and responsibly advancing our products with these technologies with the goal of enriching people's lives. And so that's what it's all about for us. And as you know, we tend to announce things as they come to market, and that's our MO, and I'd like to stick to that.
Tim Cook: Yes. There's enormous excitement around the Vision Pro. We're excited internally. Everybody that's been through the demos are blown away, whether you're talking about press or analysts or developers. We are now shipping units to the developer community for them to begin working on their apps. And we're looking forward to shipping early next year. And so we could not be more excited with that. I'm using the product daily. And so we're not going to forecast revenues and so forth on the call today, but we're very excited about it.
Tim Cook: Switchers were a very key part of our iPhone results for the quarter. We did set a record. We set a record in Greater China, in particular, and it was at the heart of our results there. And we continue to try to convince more and more people to switch because of our -- the experience and the ecosystem and -- that we can offer them. And so I think switching is a huge opportunity for us. In terms of the upgrade cycle and so forth, it's very difficult to estimate real time what is going on with the upgrade cycle. I would say, if you think about the iPhone results year-over-year, you have to think about the SE announcement in the year ago quarter, the iPhone SE announcement in the year ago quarter. And so that provides a bit of a headwind on the comp. But as Luca said, as he talked about how we're viewing Q4, the September quarter, we see iPhone accelerating in Q4.
Tim Cook: Yes. The -- if you look at retail, it's a key part of our go-to-market approach, and it will be so key and such a competitive advantage with Vision Pro. It will give us the opportunity to launch a new product and demo to many people in the stores. And so it has many advantages in it. And we continue to roll out more stores. As you know, we just opened 2 in India last quarter. We're -- there's still a lot of countries out there that don't have Apple stores that we would like to go into. And so we continue to see it as a key part of how we go to market and love the experience that we can provide customers there.
