Nancy Paxton: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and he will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri, and after that we’ll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you’ll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2014 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. And I’d also just like to remind you that as we indicated in our last quarterly call, we’re now including the results of our retail stores in the geographic segments where the stores are located and retail is no longer classified as an operating segment. We’ve also updated our product summary reporting and we’re now reflecting five categories of results; iPhone, iPad, Mac, Services and Other Products. We’ve prepared schedules showing reclassifications of historical operating segment and product results for each of the last 12 quarters to conform to these new groupings and they are available now on our Web site at apple.com/investor. So I’d now like to turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks.
Nancy Paxton: And we ask that you limit yourself to one part question and one follow-up. Operator may we have the first question please. 
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Bill. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on the iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter a confirmation code 8259681. And these replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Fugate at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan’s at 408-974-4570 and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon I’ll do that now. I’ll talk about Q1. I’ll talk about what we are looking for Q2 and possibly even further. Obviously, what we’ve seen during Q1 has been unprecedented movements in currencies. I would say during the course of the quarter the biggest impact came from the Japanese yen, the Russian rubel, but also from euro, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar. Our revenue growth during Q1 would have been four percentage points higher on a constant currency basis. On a profitability standpoint, our hedging program partially mitigated the impact from the volatility in currencies. As we look forward, and we look into particularly the March quarter, the foreign exchange headwinds will be stronger in Q2 than they were in Q1 for two main reasons. The first one is the fact that the U.S. dollar has continued to appreciate against foreign currencies during the last few weeks. And the other one is the fact that our existing hedges expire. They get replace by new contracts at current levels and therefore the protection that is provided to us by our hedging program diminishes over time. What that means to us going forward for the March quarter is that revenue growth on a year-over-year basis in constant currency would be five point higher than what we are guiding to, if it wasn’t for the FX movements. In terms of gross margins, and you know that we look our gross margins on a sequential basis, the gross margin percentage after the offset that we're getting from the hedging program will be impacted by over 100 basis points. Now having said that, we have factored the impact that I just described into the guidance that we provided to you. So that’s where we are right now. Of course, as you look further out, you know we do not provide guidance past the March quarter, but it goes without saying that at current levels, again those headwinds will continue to become stronger for the reason I explained earlier, that our hedges continue to expire, they get replaced by new hedging contracts at current levels and so -- and there is the impact that we would see during the course of the year. It goes without saying strong U.S. dollar has negative impact on our international business. Having said all that, we have provided what we believe is very strong guidance for the March quarter. We remain very, very confident about the portfolio of products and services that we have in the market today and we remain very, very confident in the pipeline of products and services that we have.
Luca Maestri: I think as you know, we prefer to adjust local pricing at the time of new product launches. That will be obviously our preference. That’s what we do in normal times. When currencies move as much as they have been in places like Russia for example, sometimes we need to take mid-cycle action to realign pricing. So we’ll see what happens. As you know currency markets tend to be very volatile. So we just want to understand a bit better what is happening.
Luca Maestri: Katy, you’re right. I mean on both fronts. We certainly expect more favorable cost in the March quarter than we’ve seen in the December quarter. It goes with our product cycle. The foreign exchange headwinds as I was explaining to Shannon, they will be on a sequential basis a headwind of more than 100 basis points. So if you were to exclude that foreign exchange impact, we would actually be guiding to sequential increase in margins. The other element that is there and it’s very seasonal, it’s always there, it’s the loss of leverage that we got from Q1 to Q2. When you look at our revenue guidance, we are guiding to a sequential decline between 26% and 30%. So you obviously have that loss of leverage, but without a doubt the biggest headwind that we got right now is foreign exchange. Having said all that guiding 38.5% to 39.5%, we feel slightly very good about where we are right now in the cycle.
Luca Maestri: First of all, it’s a 20% year-over-year growth that we’re guiding at the top end of the range. So we obviously feel good about a 20% growth. As we look at it on a sequential basis, there's a couple of things that I think is important to point out. I mentioned the foreign exchange headwinds. They are there. We need to deal with them, but they obviously are a negative to revenue. Those are headwinds that we had this year and were not there a year ago. So that’s one factor. We’ve also said the manufacturing ramp that we’ve had this year in the December quarter has been the fastest that we’ve ever had. And so that’s also a factor that impacts the sequential compare. And then there's a couple of specific events that happened last year in the March quarter which are not going to repeat this year. One of them is the fact that last year in January we launched China Mobile and we had the subsequent channel sale for China Mobile. That of course is not going to repeat this year. And we also had a very, very strong quarter in Japan in the March quarter a year ago, which was driven by very significant carrier promotional activities, and a pull forward of sales into the March quarter in anticipation of a consumption tax increase that took place on April 1, and again that is not going to repeat. So when you take those factors into account, I think that explains the sequential decline that we see this year. Again I want to point out to the 20% year-over-year growth.
Luca Maestri: Yes Rod. Typically, I think, we have clearly active hedging programs of winning the market almost every day, but we tend to hedge three to 12 months out. There are cases where maybe we’ve had to go a bit longer, if we feel that we have a strong conviction about certain currencies. Otherwise again the typical period is three to 12 months. And as hedges roll off, we replace them with new hedges. We take into account the exposures that we have around the world, taking into account our most recent forecast and we hedge accordingly. We feel very good about our hedging position and the decisions that we’ve made particularly during the summer when we felt that maybe we needed to hedge a bit more than we have done historically.
Luca Maestri: Yes. There are some exposures where the cost of hedging is prohibitive or the financial instruments are not there to hedge. And in those cases of course that’s where you get the full impact of the volatility.
Luca Maestri: That’s correct. I think its good clarification. I was talking about the net impact after the hedges. The impact without hedges would be higher. And again this is sequentially right. Because on a year-over-year basis actually the impact is larger, given the fact that currencies have moved during the last 12 months. But the 100 basis points that I quoted includes the mitigating impact of the hedging program.
Luca Maestri: Sherry, as you know, we provide guidance just for the upcoming quarter. And from what you’ve seen from our guidance for the March quarter, we’re guiding to a growth in OpEx on a year-over-year basis that is similar to what we’ve experienced during the course of the December quarter. We obviously feel good about the business during the December quarter. Our revenue exceeded in terms of growth, our growth in operating expenses. There's going to be quarters where the opposite is going to happen. Our expense to revenue ratio during the December quarter was that 7.4%. It was the lowest that we’ve had in two years. It’s among the lowest ratios that we’ve ever had. But obviously we are investing in the business and we will never under invest in the business. The majority of the increase will continue to come from R&D, given the fact that we’ve expanded our product portfolio and we’re making investments all the time ahead of the revenue that would be generated in the future. We also expect to continue to invest in marketing and advertising. We’re expanding distribution all over the world. We’ve taken our brand to more places and we continue to open new retail stores around the world. And so the idea for us is to continue to invest in the business, making the right trade-offs and the results from the December quarter give us very good confidence for the future.
Tim Cook: Steve, its Tim. We don’t report out the precise mix. But what I can tell you is that iPhone 6 was the most popular iPhone last quarter, but I just believe to sell 74.5 million they were really all popular. And all did well. There is clearly a geographic difference where some geos would skew much higher on their preference to iPhone 6 Plus than other geos. And so it’s something that is not consistent around the world. But both did incredibly well, and we’re really proud of them, along with the iPhone 5S and 5C as well, which continues to in the lineup.
Tim Cook: From an iPhone point of view, as I think Luca covered, our channel inventory decreased from the beginning of the quarter by 200,000 units, and that left us outside of our target range on the low -- outside the low end of the range to be specific. Just recently we became in supply demand balance on the 6 and 6 Plus in January. We were not able to reach a balanced state during our fiscal Q1. On iPad, we increased channel inventory by 1.1 million units from beginning of the quarter to end of the quarter. That compares to the previous year where we're increased to 2.1 million. Obviously, that inventory was required because of all the new products that we announced on iPad with the iPad Air 2 and the iPad Mini 3 in the October timeframe during the quarter. At the end of the quarter, we were within the target range of channel inventory on iPad. In terms of growing channel inventory, in particular on iPhone where we’re outside of it, we wouldn’t expect to see a large step function increase. We would expect it to occur more gradually over time than sort of all at once type of thing. But we don’t guide to channel inventory specifically as you know.
Tim Cook: Sure Katy. It’s Tim. You can see from the March guidance that we’ve given, that we are incredibly bullish about iPhone going forward. We believe that it’s the best smartphone in the world. Our customers are telling us that. The market is telling us that. We’re doing well in virtually every corner of the world. And so we’re very bullish that it does have legs. I would point out that only a small fraction of the installed base has upgraded. And so there is a lot more people within the installed base. But I would also point out that we had the highest number of customers new to iPhone last quarter than in any prior launch. And also that the current iPhone line up experienced the highest Android switcher rate in any of the last three launches in the three previous years. And we didn’t look back to the other years. So I don’t know about those. And so we see that we’re appealing to new customers, both new to smartphone and new to iPhone and people switching. We’re very bullish on the product and getting great feedback about the quality of the products we’re shipping. And so we’re very, very bullish. The emerging markets which has been a source to great questions over time, the growth was absolutely stunning, in Brazil and Mainland China more than doubling year-over-year which is 3x to 4x what those markets were doing according to IDC. And so we enter the quarter with quite a bit of momentum.
Tim Cook: My expectations are very high on it. I'm using it every day and love it and I can’t live without it. So I see that we’re making great progress on the development of it. The number of developers that are writing apps more for it are impressive and we’re seeing some incredible innovation coming out there. And just to clarify, what we had been saying was early 2015, and we sort of look at the year and think of early as the first four months, mid is the next four months and late is the final four months. And so to us it's sort of within the range and it’s basically when we thought. We’re going to -- but most importantly we’re going to be thrilled to start shipping it, because we got a lot of customers that are wanting to get one.
Tim Cook: The local competition was obviously there this quarter and has been there for many quarters before. And so the local competition is not new. I think we did really well there. I'm very proud of how we’re doing. I was there right after the launch in October. And the excitement around the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus were absolutely phenomenal. And you can see that in the results with Mainland China being up 100% year-on-year, despite not having a full quarter of sales since we launched in the second half of October. You can tell by that we’re a big believer in China. We’re looking at our investment. We’re growing the number of stores. We’ll hit 20 soon and we’re doubling that by mid-2016 as Angela has said earlier and Luca said in his prepared comments as well. We’re also growing the channel there. Our online store has expanded to over 350 cities now, and in fact our online revenues in China last quarter were more than the sum of the previous five years. And so it’s an incredible market. I think people love Apple products and we are going to do our best to serve the market.
Tim Cook: Toni, I am still very optimistic and bullish on iPad over the long run, as I’ve indicated before. When you measure it in these 90-day clips, as we do in the short run, I don’t think you're going to see a miraculous change in the -- or an improvement in the year-over-year. But here is what I see when I look at it and the reason that I'm so optimistic. I see that the first time buyer rates are very high. And so by very high, I mean that if you look in some of the developed market like the U.S., Japan, the UK, you would find that 50% of the people are buying an iPad for the first time. If you look in China, it's over 70%. And so that -- when you have that kind of first time buyer rates, you don’t have a saturated market. When I look at the customer stat on iPad, it's literally off the charts, in some cases a 100%, which is unheard of in surveys to get these kind of customer stat ratings. When I look at the usage, the usage is six times our nearest competitor. The usage is defined as measured in web browsing is like 71% of total tablets, as I think Luca covered earlier. Also the commerce taking place across the iPad is enormous. Essentially over 80% of the commerce on tablets are taking place on iPad. And so when I back up and look at all of these, and I believe that over the long arc of time that the iPad is the great business, I also have visibility obviously of what’s in the pipeline and feel very, very good about that. That said, I'm not projecting -- to be clear with everyone, I'm not projecting something very different next quarter or the next. I'm thinking over the long run. In terms of what I think is going on, I think what you said is absolutely true, that the upgrade cycle is longer. It's longer than an iPhone, probably between an iPhone and a PC. We haven’t been in the business long enough to say that with certainty, but that’s what we think. There is probably some level of cannibalization that's going on with the Mac on one side and the Phone on the other. And so you probably have a little bit of that that is shaking out. How much, very hard to tell on the early going, particularly since we just shipped the new phones a few months ago. And so I think there's some things like that are going on. On the other side I think the partnership with IBM and the work that we have going on in the Enterprise is profound. I think we’re really going to change the way people work. I'm really excited about the apps that are coming out and how fast the partnership is getting up and running. And so I think that can move the dial there. And so I'm not predicting the 90-day clips and so forth, but over long arc of time I really believe that iPad is a great space, a great product and with -- also coupled with the product innovation we’ve got, I think there is a very, very bright future for it.
Tim Cook: Gene, on Apple TV, we had a solid quarter with existing product. We’ve sold 25 million Apple TVs now which at the sake of repeating myself, it’s something that we continue to look at and work on and find a way that we can make even greater contribution than what we’re doing. On Apple Pay, both the contactless payment and the in app are both important. I think they are both huge opportunities. I think they’ll play out differently in different geographic regions as to which one is larger than the other and well likely -- the mix of those things will change over time as more and more commerce flows across apps and so forth. In terms of how it evolves, I think we're in the first inning on it. I'm not -- we haven’t even completed the first inning yet. There's tons of things on our roadmap of adding functionality to it. We’re obviously -- we're just in the U.S. right now and so there's tons of countries to go to and there is not a day that goes by that I don’t get notes from many businesses outside U.S. running Apple Pay and banks and merchants. And of course we still have a lot of merchants left in the U.S. But I have to tell you that given that we’ve launched in October, I'm actually unbelievably shocked, positively shocked at how many merchants were able to implement Apple Pay in the heart of their holiday season, because generally most people sort of lock down and don’t do very much. But we were able to get this in a lot of different merchants and I give them a lot of credit for that. But I think we’re just on the front end. And I think that this is the year of Apple Pay. And some of the things you mentioned and others are all things that we’re looking at and in many cases working on in terms of where it can take us.
Tim Cook: It’s a small fraction. It’s a number that's in the mid-teens or barely in the teens. And so when I look at that I say that there is an enormous amount left. And given there are fair amount of Android units out there, there is also an enormous amount of Android customers that could switch. And I’d also remind you that there is a lot of people that have not yet bought a smartphone. And I know it doesn’t feel like that when you’re sitting in the United States, but from a worldwide point of view there's still lots of them. And so I see all three of those groups there and I'm very excited about all of them, and serving all of them.
Tim Cook: We think that what we know, that if you look at the Fortune 500 as an example, we’re in essentially all of the Fortune 500 companies. So the issue is not that, and it’s not a market share number, because our market share is extremely high. The issue is that enterprises, generally speaking are only deploying iPads to a small percentage of their workforce. And so the real opportunity is to bring mobility into the enterprises and change how people work. In order to do that, you obviously need apps that are written to specific jobs, not just apps that are general productivity apps like work processors and spreadsheets and presentation tools et cetera. And so that’s one of the things that working with IBM provides us, is both that and the knowledge of the verticals, which they bring a significant amount of knowledge on all of the verticals that I mentioned earlier. And so where can we take that to? I think if we can really change the way people work, I think the opportunity is enormous. We’re not hanging numbers out there to be measured on at this point, but we don’t do a lot of big partnerships as you probably know. And so when we do one, it is significant and it’s because we really believe in it, and we really believe in this one and what it can do for customers.
Tim Cook: Bill, at this point, just shortly after the quarter, we don’t have all of our research in from all of the people that bought last quarter. But in the aggregate, as I've mentioned before, we saw more new customers to iPhone than we had ever seen before. And we had a higher rate of Android switchers than we had in the three previous launches. And it’s not that we had more in the fourth one, and I don’t what those numbers are, and whether it's something we're looking at. And so between the switchers and the people that are just new to smartphones and selected an iPhone, and our upgrades, which we’re very happy with, but represent a small fraction of our installed base, we feel really great about what’s in front of us.
Tim Cook: Each has a different implementation. And so in some ways, like there is a different set of carriers in every country, there is a different set of banks. In a lot of the countries, some of the processes with the merchants are different. And so it’s an area where there is quite a bit of difference country to country to country and so there's clearly heavy lifting involved to scale. However it’s not something that scares us or that’s preventing us from viewing it as a big opportunity.
