Timothy Cook: Bill, this is Tim. Let me sort of step back and talk about Japan in general and sort of try to get all of your questions in advance. First of all, this is an incredible tragedy and our hearts go out to everyone involved. Apple, as a company, has a very long history and has many strong ties to people in Japan, and we're very, very saddened by the situation, and we've undertaken various actions to assist in the relief effort. The economic impact that we'll address today pales in comparison to the human impact. Regarding our business in Japan, we had some revenue impact in Q2 but it was not material to Apple's consolidated results. We believe revenues will be approximately $200 million less in Q3, and this has been factored into the guidance that Peter provided you earlier in his comments. Regarding our global supply chain, as a result of outstanding teamwork and unprecedented resilience of our partners, we did not have any supply or cost impact in our fiscal Q2 as a result of the tragedy, and we currently do not anticipate any material supply or cost impact in our fiscal Q3. To provide a bit more color on this, we sourced hundreds, literally hundreds of items from Japan, and they range from components such as LCDs, optical drives, NAND Flash and DRAM to base materials such as resins, coatings and foil that are part of the production process at several layers back in the supply chain. The earthquake and subsequent tsunami and the associated nuclear crisis caused disruption for many of these suppliers, and many unaffected suppliers have been impacted by power interruptions. But since the disaster, Apple employees have literally been working around the clock with our supplier partners in Japan, and have been able to implement a number of contingency plans. Our preference from the beginning of this tragedy has been to remain with our long-term partners in Japan. And I have to say, they have displayed an incredible resilience that I personally never seen before in the aftermath of this disaster. So while we do not anticipate -- currently anticipate any material impact to our component supply or cost in our fiscal Q3, we do need to caution everyone that the situation remains unpredictable given recent aftershocks, the uncertainty about the nuclear plant and potential power interruptions. Further, there are some supply risks that are beyond the current quarter. And although we know of no issue today that we view as unsolvable, the situation is still uncertain and there's obviously no guarantees. For this reason, it's difficult to predict whether the issues created by the tragedy would impact revenues beyond Q3. However, I'll be happy to address Q4 on our next call in July.
Timothy Cook: Well, the demand on iPad 2 has been staggering. And we're still amazed that we are still heavily backlogged not only at the end of the quarter but also up to date. However, I can tell you that I'm extremely pleased with the progress of the manufacturing ramp, and we were so confident that we rolled out to 25 additional countries at the end of last month. And we are shipping to an additional 13 countries next week, and we're planning to add even more countries through the quarter. And so I'm very confident that we can produce a very large number of iPads for the quarter.
Timothy Cook: Rich, it's Tim. In terms of iPhone, we did actually very well everywhere. I'd call out 2 places that -- where it was just off the charts. The U.S. grew 155% year-over-year, obviously, adding Verizon and beginning to offer iPhone to their enormous customer base was key in that. However, as you heard from AT&T's announcement this morning, AT&T did extremely well during the quarter. So the U.S. as a geography grew at 155% and that's about 3x IDC's forecast of growth for the smartphone market, which was about 48%. Also, we continued to be on a tear in China. Greater China saw iPhone sales being up over 3x, about 200 -- almost 250%. And this catapulted revenue for the first half or first fiscal half in Greater China to just under $5 billion, which is up almost 4x year-over-year. And so we're extremely happy with how we're doing in China.
Timothy Cook: I was asked this question or a similar question when we launched the iPhone with Verizon. And what I've said then, and I still see it as being the case today, and I think you can see this in the products that have been shipped, is that the first generation of LTE chipsets force a lot of design compromises with the handset, and some of those, we are just not willing to make. And so we are extremely happy with the iPhone 4 and the iPhone 3GS. And hitting 18.6 million units was something much larger than we thought we could do this quarter, and we're happy to have gotten it out to 3 more large carriers.
Timothy Cook: Yes, if you look at it, Shannon, the growth on the Mac has been enormous in Asia. The last quarter, we were up 76% in Asia-Pacific. And yes, this is many multiples of the growth that the -- that region is seeing for the market. I believe the IDC forecast is around 6%. And so we're seeing enormous growth in the Mac there. Japan also did quite well on the Mac for the quarter, and the U.S. had a surprisingly strong quarter in the Mac with being up around -- Americas is up 25%. The U.S. was up just slightly higher than that. Our market share is obviously less outside the U.S. in most places than it is in the U.S., and so I think that speaks very, very well to the opportunity that the Mac has. We've now had 20 quarters in a row where we've outgrown the PC market and the momentum is still there. And we seem to be the only guys that are really focused on building innovative products in that space.
Timothy Cook: There are several of the international countries that are extremely portable focused. And you can see that we had enormous growth in our portables for the quarter. However, part of that is that we had a launch of the new MacBook Pro line. But honestly, I see popularity in both the iMac and the portable factor, and believe there is a great future for both of them.
Timothy Cook: It clearly seems to be creating a halo effect for the Mac. And I think that's 1 reason we see the growth that we are seeing on the Mac. It's amazing when you see the 28% year-over-year versus the worldwide market in PCs contracting by 3 points. It's an astonishing delta.
Timothy Cook: Ben, what I would say is this, I am confident we're going to produce a very large number for the quarter. Whether that will be enough to meet demand, I don't know. Demand has been staggering. I'm not going to predict when supply and demand will come into balance. I can only be confident on the supply side.
Timothy Cook: On the carrier side, I don't want to get into specifics about the CDMA or GSM for that matter. But we are constantly looking at where we should bring on incremental partners. And as we have said earlier, we brought on 3 this quarter, 3 large ones with Verizon, SKT and Saudi Telecom. That's on top of the ones that we brought on in December where we added O2 and Vodafone in Germany. And so we are constantly looking and adding where it makes sense, and you can keep confidence that we'll continue to do that.
Timothy Cook: I think, Mike, I just saw yesterday -- it's interesting you should point out the U.S. The comScore data released yesterday reported that the iOS platform outreaches Android by 59% in the U.S., and so this is an enormous percentage. On a worldwide basis, we just did 18.6 million iPhones, which is up 113%, which is materially faster than the market rate of growth. And we launched the iPad 2 and sold everyone of them that we could make. As we've said before, we're gaining traction in Enterprise on both the iPhone and iPad with astonishing 88% and 75%, respectively, of the Fortune 500 companies deploying or testing these. We've got the largest App Store with over 350,000 apps for iPhone and over 65,000 iPad-specific apps on iOS versus what appears to be fewer than 100 on Android. And so we feel very, very good about where we are and we feel great about our future product plan. We've also paid over $2 billion to developers, and we've had well over 10 billion applications downloaded. And so our business proposition is very, very strong. And as we've said before, we continue to believe and even more and more everyday that iPhone's integrated approach is materially better than Android's fragmented approach, where you have multiple OSs on multiple devices with different screen resolutions and multiple app stores with different roles, payment methods and update strategies. I think the user appreciates that Apple can take full responsibility for their experience, whereas the fragmented approach turns the customer into a systems integrator and few customers that I know want to be a systems integrator.
Timothy Cook: Gene, it's Tim. Our focus has very much been on China. We wanted to understand that market and understand the levers there. And as I said before, we're -- iPhone sales were up over 3x during the quarter. And in the first half, we did over 5 -- just slightly under $5 billion in Greater China in revenue, which is about 10% of Apple, to put it in perspective. And it wasn't but a couple of years ago that, that number would have been less than 2. And so it's a sea change. And that's certainly not, what I would call, a classic post-pay market by any means of the imagination. And so we have some ideas about other countries as well. I'm not in a position that I want to share those today. But we purposely put the bulk of our emphasis from an emerging market point of view on China to really learn, and then we're going to take that learning to other markets.
Timothy Cook: I think considerably more than half of China's prepaid, Gene. I think the first digit would start with a 9.
Timothy Cook: He is still on medical leave, as you say, but we do see him on a regular basis. And as we previously said, he continues to be involved in major strategic decisions. And I know he wants to be back full-time as soon as he can.
Timothy Cook: Let me mention a few things for you to consider, Toni. First off, product transitions are never simple. And as you can probably appreciate, we are in a position that we have to call them for many, many weeks in advance in terms of how many of the current product we want to produce and the dates at which we will announce the new product. We drew the channel down on the current product or the original iPad, I should say, by 570,000 units during the quarter. And we added at the end of the quarter 170,000 of the new iPad 2s although most of that was in transit at the end of the quarter. And so the net reduction was $400,000. And so our sell-through was above $5 million for the quarter. And again, this has to be planned quite a ways in the future. I think the key point here is -- also the dates, just to remind you, we set out an invitation to the event toward the end of February. We had the event in early March. We placed the unit on sale in the United States on March 11 and our quarter ended about 2 weeks thereafter. And so there was some expectation of a new product, and we would have obviously factored that into our thinking about the product transition as we plan the number of the original unit to build. And so I think the key point here is that I'm extremely pleased with the progress that we were making on the manufacturing ramp. We have gotten off to a materially better start and produced a lot more units than we did on the original ramp of the first iPad. And when we're so confident with our ability to supply that we've already put on 25 additional countries at the end of March, and we'll be placing on 13 more next week and we'll do even more as we stepped through the quarter.
Timothy Cook: We purposely aren't giving that because we don't want to help out any of our competition. But I would tell you, I wish we could have produced a lot more iPad 2s because there were certainly a lot of people waiting for them.
Timothy Cook: 1 thing I would add to that, this was surprising to me and I think several people here is, K-12 is sort of even more conservative than Enterprise on adopting new technology. And last quarter, we were about a 1:1 ratio of iPads to Macs, which is I think very -- is amazing with the short life of the iPad, and really demonstrates what kind of opportunity there probably is there.
Timothy Cook: We don't -- we never comment on an Apps products, and so I don't have anything to share from that perspective.
Timothy Cook: Yes, that's a good question. We -- by the end of the quarter, we were in supply-demand balance in almost all of our major markets. And I would say as of today, we're in supply-demand balance virtually everywhere. The other products, the Mac is in supply-demand balance and the iPod is in supply-demand balance. And the iPad has the mother of all backlogs that we're working very, very hard to get out to customers as quickly as we can.
Timothy Cook: Sorry, I wasn't trying to be unclear. I'm saying that as of today, we currently do not anticipate any material supply or cost, in fact, as far as that goes in our fiscal Q3. That's the quarter that we're in now that ends in June. Beyond June, there are risks but there's no issue that we're aware of today that we view as unsolvable. However, new things could happen and I'm sure you've been paying attention to the news. There's aftershocks, there's still uncertainty about the nuclear plant, there's power interruptions. If that stayed at the level it is today, I'm not as worried. I would worry if something happened and took a turn for the worse. And obviously, I can't predict that and certainly hope that it does not occur.
Timothy Cook: It's a number that we haven't given out before, and so it's a number that we hold tight to the best.
Timothy Cook: Yes, it's a good question, Shaw. Certainly, spot markets have spiked. This is particularly true if you follow the NAND Flash and the DRAM markets. However, we do not typically buy in the spot market. And so, for that reason, we see very minimal impact. Beyond Q3, I'm saying I'm not sure because it's tough to see that far, but for Q3, we feel very good. Companies that buy on the spot market would obviously be seeing something extremely differently than we would.
Timothy Cook: The iPad today is subsidized in a few markets. It is subsidized in Korea if people sign a 24-month contract, it's subsidized in Japan with a 24-month contract and a couple of European countries. But the vast majority of people that are using the iPad on 3G are doing so on a pay-as-you-go plan and no commitment plan. And so, yes, carriers can do that but I think many customers prefer the pay-as-you-go plan.
Timothy Cook: And on your question on Samsung, we are Samsung's largest customer and Samsung is a very valued component supplier to us, and I expect the strong relationship will continue. Separately from this, we felt the Mobile Communication Division of Samsung had crossed the line. And after trying for some time to work the issue, we decided we needed to rely on the courts.
Peter Oppenheimer: Rich, and to hit the second part of your question. As I commented in my prepared remarks, we were able to increase the iPhone channel inventory by just over 1.7 million units in the March quarter, and we ended within our target, 4 to 6 week range of inventory. In terms of the June quarter, I would expect to see a significant year-over-year increase in sales.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Sequential decline is primarily being driven by the higher mix of iPad sales, which, as you know, we priced very aggressively to capitalize on our first mover advantage. Additionally, we would expect to lose some leverage from the lower sequential revenue. And as I pointed out in my prepared remarks in a moment ago, the iPhone channel inventory increased by 1.7 million units in the March quarter. It acts within our 4 to 6 week range. Conversely, the iPad channel inventory fell by 400,000 units, and we were below our 4 to 6 week inventory range. So those are the forces I would highlight.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Ben, it's Peter. For competitive reasons, I don't want to provide any more precise ASPs for either of these products. We just don't want to help our competitors. But on the data summary, we provide you both the iPhone and iPad units that we shipped and revenues, which include the accessories that you can make your own estimate.
Peter Oppenheimer: Scott, on your capital question, a couple of updates. We expect to spend in our fiscal '11 about $5.7 billion in capital expenditures. That's unchanged from what we told you last quarter. We expect about $700 million of that to be in our retail area and $5 billion outside of retail. Some of the bigger areas outside of retail and the biggest is in the operations area. We talked about on the last call arrangements we had done with 3 suppliers. We expect to spend about $3.5 billion during fiscal '11 and fiscal '12 with those 3 suppliers on those deals in the form of prepayments and capital expenditures. And as I said in my prepared comments, we expected $900 million of that in the March quarter, and we expect to spend the remainder across fiscal '11 and fiscal '12.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. Toni, it's Peter. Let me start with top line. I would highlight 2 things. First of all, our sequential revenue guidance of $23 million is for a 7% decline, and it have been up in prior years. And 2 things to point out: first of all, in our most recent March quarter, we were able to increase the iPhone channel inventory by 1.7 million units and within our target range. And that had not occurred in any of the prior years. And second, last year, we launched the iPad in the year ago June quarter, and it was a fabulous launch contributing $2.2 billion in revenue without a comparison to the prior March quarter, and we obviously have that comparison this year. On a year-over-year basis, I am very pleased we're providing revenue guidance for growth of 46% year-over-year and EPS growing almost as quickly at 43%.
Peter Oppenheimer: It's a difficult funding environment for schools here in the U.S. We don't see any evidence of a share loss. And Macs are very of popular in schools and iPads are proving to be as well. On a year-over-year basis, we would expect to see a sequential -- I'm sorry, a year-over-year very significant increase in Mac sales, and I'm very confident about the product lines as we head into the back-to-school season.
Peter Oppenheimer: I'll take your gross margin question, it's Peter. It's hard for us to comment on gross margin changes year-over-year because we're in different product cycles, commodity environments, different mixes and other factors. So I prefer just to talk about it sequentially, and I gave you really the biggest drivers of the change that we see. We expect to have a sequential increase in terms of our mix of iPad sales and also expect our revenues to be down sequentially a little bit and to lose some leverage. So those are the factors that I think are important on a sequential basis for those margin.
Peter Oppenheimer: I'll take both your questions. We don't talk about what we'll do in the future, so I'm quite limited to what we can say about the future of iTunes. We operate the most popular store in the world, giving customers a fabulous experience. We have the largest libraries and have provided more content to more customers than anybody. We're very confident about what we're doing and what we will do in the future. I can't take it beyond there. In terms of OpEx, we've provided guidance for the June quarter, about $2.5 billion, and that includes our thinking for the investment that we're going to make in the quarter for the business. We are investing in engineering, in our retail stores, we are investing in our indirect distribution, which it would include covering the enterprise and the infrastructure investment that we need to support the terrific growth that you're seeing from the company. I'm glad that we are making good investments that are paying off but also providing -- continuing to provide leverage in the model.
