Peter Oppenheimer: Sure, Katy. It's Peter. The manufacturing ramps for the iPhone 4S and the new iPad were extremely successful for us. They yielded the highest launch supply and the fastest country rollouts for these product families that we've ever had. As a result, we were able to fulfill demand in the March quarter rather than the June quarter this year, and that generated revenue of over $39 billion. Therefore, unlike last year, we expect a sequential decline in revenue this year. I'd highlight 5 primary factors that have influenced our thinking: The first, the iPhone channel inventory changes. As I discussed in my prepared remarks, we increased our iPhone channel inventory by about 2.6 million units in the March quarter this year, and we exited within our target inventory range of about 4 to 6 weeks. Last year, we continued to add new countries into the June quarter, and we built an additional 700,000 units of iPhone channel inventory last year in the June quarter. So the combination of these channel builds in the March quarter of this year and the June quarter of last year will impact the sequential comparisons from this year to last. The second factor: fabulous iPhone 4S execution. As we told you in January, we exited December with significant iPhone 4S backlog, which led to a huge January. We launched China and 20 other countries also in January, which completed the rollout of the iPhone 4S into all the countries where iPhone is currently shipping. And as I said before, we exited the quarter within a supply and demand balance. The third factor: our new iPad execution was also fabulous. We had an incredible start with the new iPad. We launched with significant supply, leading to sales of 3 million units in the first couple of days, which was the -- and also the fastest country rollout ever. We therefore were able to satisfy much more of the demand for the new iPad in the March quarter this year compared to the iPad 2 in the March quarter of last year. This resulted in a shift of iPad volume into March this year versus last, and it will also affect the sequential compares this year to the last. Fourth, we decreased the entry price of the entry iPad to $399. And finally, the last factor to point out, the U.S. dollar has strengthened recently, and we expect this to have an impact on the sequential compare, especially versus last year when the dollar weakened against most currencies over the comparable time periods. We -- look, we've just reported the most amazing March quarter Apple has ever had. We feel very, very good about our business and our new product pipeline.
Peter Oppenheimer: Look, Katy, we're just learning about be the elasticity of demand and the $399 price point. It's doing well. But I have to tell you, the new iPad is on fire, and we're selling them as fast as we can make them. So we'll learn more over this quarter especially as we get through the education buying season, which looks terrific for us especially on the iPad.
Peter Oppenheimer: Bill, it's Peter. Customers are using all the features of iCloud. Response has been terrific. Feedback has been terrific. Pickup on storage is occurring, but it's growing because we've just launched iCloud in October. And we've now got over 125 million users that have come on to the service since then and they're building up documents in music and other things that they want to store. And so I think storage growth will come more over time. Our real desire here was not about selling more storage. We think Match is a great product, and we recommend that everybody use it. But it's a paid for service. We just really wanted to increase the customer delight from the entire ecosystem and platform of our iOS devices and the Mac, and that's why we've done iCloud. And we just -- we couldn't be happier that just a couple months into this, there's more than 125 million users around the world on iCloud.
Peter Oppenheimer: Gene, it's Peter. We're actually thrilled with the rate that we're adding content into iTunes. This is something that we have to do country by country, so it takes a bit of time to put in place. We have the largest catalog of songs and movies available anywhere, over 28 million songs. And this led to almost $1.9 billion of revenue in the March quarter, which was up 35% year-over-year. So we're thrilled with the progress that we're making in iTunes and customers love it.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. iPhone, well, we would expect to have a year-over-year increase and a sequential decrease for the reasons that both Tim and I discussed. We built channel inventory in the March quarter, and we are exiting March in supply and demand balance. And we had a huge January. And for iPad, we would have a significant -- expect to have a significant year-over-year and sequential increase in sales. And I've got a -- I want to put something out just so it gets out on the call in case it's not asked and talk a little bit about the gross margin guidance that we provided for the June quarter. We're pleased to be providing a gross margin guidance of 41.5% for the quarter. We expect about 2/3 of the sequential decline to be primarily driven by a higher mix of iPads and Macs, a full quarter of selling the current iPad lineup and lots of leverage on the sequentially lower revenue. And we would expect the remainder of the difference to be primarily driven by the items benefiting the March quarter gross margin that we don't expect to recur in June.
Peter Oppenheimer: Shannon, it's Peter. I don't want to frustrate you, but, well, we have, of course, the data that you're asking for, but we don't want to help our competitors. And so it's not something that we're going to provide probably. The feedback that we're getting from customers on iCloud is just it's off the charts. They're loving it. And the fact that we could be here on the conference call with you in April just 5 or 6 months after introducing the service and have 125 million people around the world using it every day, I think, speaks for itself.
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, we view this as a good thing. We are investing in engineering to continue to bring out the most innovative products in the world to delight customers. We are making investments in our hardware and software engineering teams. We're shipping the best products that Apple has ever shipped today. And we've got some fabulous new products in the pipeline. So I'm very confident in the return that we're going to see on these investments.
Peter Oppenheimer: Yes, Scott, it's Peter. We are, as I discussed in Shannon's question, investing in R&D to introduce the most innovative products in the market. We are also spending on marketing, advertising, opening more of our own retail stores and expanding our indirect channels around the world to increase sales. And we're investing in infrastructure to support our growth and also stock-based comp for our employees. We are very confident in the investments that we're making. We're thinking about the long term, and we're confident in the returns that we're going to get in -- on these investments.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure, Kulbinder, the 2/3 that I talked about, the sequential decline, we see as being driven by a higher mix of iPads and Macs, a full quarter of selling the current lineup of the iPad or the current iPad lineup, and then a loss of leverage on the sequentially lower revenue. So those 3 factors we see driving 2/3 of the sequential decline.
Peter Oppenheimer: Chris, let me sort of go in reverse order. We are incredibly confident in our business, our strategy and what we're doing. When we give you guidance, we give you guidance that we have reasonable confidence in achieving. And finally, we do expect a sequential decline in iPhone sales driven by the fact that we built 2.6 million units of channel inventory in the March quarter, which we needed to do. We're now within our target range of 4 to 6 weeks, and we entered the March quarter with significant backlog, as we talked about, in January. And we're able to fulfill that and launch 20 countries in the month of January. So –- we have immense confidence in what we're doing and are very pleased with the way our business is performing.
Timothy D. Cook: Yes, Rich, it's Tim. As you said, we did outgrow the market. Macs grew at about 7% where the market grew about 2%. And so this is the 24th straight quarter that we've outgrown the market, and so we're extremely pleased with that. The compare to last year is largely affected by the fact that we changed the bulk of our portable line, or the MacBook Pros, in the February time frame of 2011. And so it's a very tough compare. Specifically, the portables last year were up 53% year-on-year. And obviously, that -- so that compare was very difficult. If you look at it sequentially, you also have to factor in that we had 14 weeks in the December quarter. And so the 26% year-over-year growth in December quarter is probably more like 17% when you factor out that 14th week. And so yes, I think there was some cannibalization from iPad and the market is slow. But the much, much larger factor and in fact, in -- it might be the vast majority of the difference is the compare to a year ago.
Timothy D. Cook: Sure. Tony, on iPad 2, we're -- with the change in the entry price to $399, we're actually thrilled with the results that we've seen, although, as Peter said, it's only been a few weeks. And so it's too early to make a -- come to a clear conclusion. But from what we are seeing, this unlocks some education demand that is probably a more price-sensitive customer. Also, in several other countries, there was a marked change in demand at that price point. And so on the early going, we feel great about it. But I'd also point out that the new iPad is -- was current -- was supply constrained last quarter for the full 3 weeks or so it was shipping and is actually still constrained. And so the mix of the new iPad to the iPad 2, we're not certain of what that is yet. But we are certain, with what we've seen so far, that the absolute sales of iPad 2, at least in the early going, is very exciting. On the iPhone, we continue to be very happy with the moves that we made in pricing just a few months ago on the iPhone 3GS and the iPhone 4. And both of them contributed to our ability to achieve 35 million in sales, which is our second highest quarter of all time.
Timothy D. Cook: I think, Tony, anything can be forced to converge. But the problem is that products are about trade-offs, and you begin to make trade-offs to the point where what you have left at the end of the day doesn't please anyone. You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user. And so our view is that the tablet market is huge. And we've said that since day one. We didn't wait until we had a lot of results. We were using them here, and it was already clear to us that there was so much you could do and that the reasons that people would use those would be so broad. And that's precisely what we've seen. We -- the iPad has taken off not only in consumer in a meaningful way but in education and in enterprise, and it's sort of everywhere you look now. And the applications are so easy to make very meaningful for someone, and there -- the -- there's such an abundance of those that -- and as the ecosystem gets better and better and as we continue to double down on making great products, I think that the limit here is nowhere in sight. We've now -- through the last quarter, I should say, which is just 2 years after we shipped the initial iPad, we’ve sold 67 million. And to put that in some context, it took us 24 years to sell that many Macs and 5 years for that many iPods and over 3 years for that many iPhones. And we were extremely happy with the trajectory on all of those products. And so I think iPad, it's a profound product. It -- the breadth of it is incredible, and the appeal of it is universal. And so I am -- I could not be happier with being in the market, and the level at which we're innovating in both the product and the ecosystem here is incredible. Now in terms of the market itself, IDC and Gartner and Forrester had some numbers out there. I think Gartner is saying there's somewhere around 375 or so by 2015. Forrester is 375, somewhere around there. And so basically, the -- they're in the mid-300s, which is about where the PC market is today. And 2015 is only 3 years from now. And so I think even the more formal predictors outside of us are beginning to see these lines cross. And so I strongly believe that they will. Now having said that, I also believe that there is a very good market for the MacBook Air, and we continue to innovate in that product. And -- but I do think that it appeals to somewhat -- someone that has a little bit different requirements. And you wouldn't want to put these things together because you wind up compromising in both and not pleasing either user. Some people will prefer to own both, and that's great, too. But I think to make the compromises of convergence, so -- we're not going to that party. Others might. Others might from a defensive point of view, particularly. But we're going to play in both.
Timothy D. Cook: Well, Bill, our focus is on making the very best smartphone in the world. And a phone that delivers a -- just an off-the-charts user experience that customers want to use every day of their lives. And at the end of the day, I think that carriers, the vast majority of carriers, or maybe even all carriers, want to provide what their customers want to buy. And that's what they're motivated for. And so the most important thing by far is for Apple to continue making great products that customers want. And we are deeply committed to doing this and are innovating at a rate and pace that's unbelievable in this area. For -- from a carrier's perspective, I think it's important to remember that the subsidy is not large relative to the sum of the monthly payments across a 24-month contract period. And any delta between iPhone and maybe another phone is a -- an even smaller level of difference. And the iPhone has some distinct advantages for the carrier over competing smartphones. For example, many of the carrier executives have told me that churn from iPhone customers is the lowest of any phone they sell in their whole -- in all of the phones they carry. And that has a significant direct financial benefit to the carrier. Also, our engineering teams work extremely hard to be efficient with data and differently than some others. And we believe that as a result of this, that iPhone has far better data efficiency compared to other smartphones that are using sort of an app-rich ecosystem. Finally, we think that the -- and this is the most important, is that iPhone is the best smartphone on the planet to entice a customer who is currently using a traditional mobile phone to upgrade to a smartphone. This is by far the largest opportunity for Apple, for our carrier partners and is a great, fantastic experience to the customer. And so there's a win-win-win there. And so I think all of these factors are -- some of these factors are missed in this general discussion of subsidy.
Timothy D. Cook: Gene, it was an incredible quarter in China. We -- the revenue was record -- was a record at $7.9 billion in Greater China, which is up over 3x year-over-year and brings the first half revenue for Greater China to $12.4 billion. That compares to a full year last year of $13.3 billion. So it is mind-boggling that we can do this well. A part of this was the pent-up demand for iPhone 4S. As you know, we launched mainland China in January of this year, and so China was not able to get into the Q1 period. So all of that is in Q2. We also have very strong demand for iPad 2. We have not shipped in mainland China yet the new iPad, although we are shipping in Hong Kong. And so it's a combination of these things. And the halo that both of these products have produced for the Mac is also incredible. Mac was up over 60% year-over-year. And that compares to a market rate of growth of about 6%. We have expanded point of sales. On a year-over-year basis, Mac is up 70% but still only 1,800 for all of Greater China. And so there's obviously a lot more opportunity there. iPhone, we're up over 11,000, which is 138%. But 11,000 is a much smaller number than we have in the U.S., and obviously, China will, in the next few years, be a bigger opportunity. iPad is only in 2,500 points of sale. And so yes, we've expanded. We've expanded a lot. However, there's a lot of headroom here in our view.
Timothy D. Cook: I don't have that in front of me, but my recollection is that it wasn’t materially different. But keep in mind that iPhone 4S just launched in -- within the quarter. And so usually, when a new product launches within the quarter, you would expect it to mix fairly much toward the new product.
Timothy D. Cook: Tough question to answer, Ben. Obviously, we're aware of the lithography transition issue that you mentioned with 28 nanometer. We currently do not use 28-nanometer parts. But as you also know, we don't comment about future products, and so I can't talk about the future part. Generally, outside of this, we work very closely with our supplier partners and do everything that we can do to get supply. And sometimes, we're successful with that, and sometimes we're not. And so you can bet that we are focused on anything that we think may impact us and trying to push every button within our disposal to work on it.
Timothy D. Cook: There's no plan to be in 10,000. And so we're trying some things. And as you know, that doesn't include the Mac. And so we're trying some things and seeing how it goes. And they've been a very good partner for us on iPod and have been selling iPods for a while and are an increasingly more substantial partner in the iPad space as well and an evolving partner on iPhone. And so we're working with them and enjoy working with them and hope to continue expanding.
Timothy D. Cook: No. China is not supply-demand imbalanced on iPhone. On iPad, worldwide, we're supply constrained on the new iPad, both coming out of last quarter. And to give you a current view, we're still supply constrained on the new iPad. Demand has been incredibly robust, and we are selling them as fast as we can make them, as Peter mentioned earlier. In China, I believe on a macro basis, China has an enormous number of people moving into the higher income groups, middle class, if you will. And this is creating a demand for goods, not just Apple's but other companies' goods as well. And so I think there's a tremendous opportunity for companies that understand China, and we're doing everything we can to understand it and serve the market as good as we can.
Timothy D. Cook: Yes. Keith, Spain has been weak for us and probably more broadly for many companies. We -- our revenues grew in Spain last quarter but materially less than we grew in Europe or worldwide. However, that wasn't cause and effect related to the issue you're on, that Spain is just in a, I think, terrible economic situation. And so I sort of look at that as an unusual case. To be clear about what was done, is that -- I think there's also some noise in the pike on this one. What the carriers did was they still have subsidies for their existing customers. And I don't want to talk about what the -- their existing customer-to-new customer ratio is, but you can find out numbers from different parts of the world and model that. They pulled subsidies on new customers. And so it wasn't a pull of all subsidies, it was a pull of subsidies from new. And it -- all carriers in that market did not do that. A couple of the carriers did. So I wouldn't necessarily use that as a proxy for the world, I guess, is my point.
Timothy D. Cook: I've always hated litigation, and I continue to hate it. We just want people to invent their own stuff. And so if we could get to some kind of arrangement where we could be assured that's the case and a fair settlement on the stuff that's occurred, I would highly prefer to settle versus battle. But it -- the key thing is that it's very important that Apple not become the developer for the world. We need people to invent their own stuff.
Timothy D. Cook: Shaw, it's Tim. We launched with China Telecom in March. And in early part of March, we were at a supply-demand balance with them prior to the end of the quarter. We're very happy to be working with them.
Timothy D. Cook: Scott, in terms of component costs for the quarter we just finished, Q2 component costs were better than we had planned, and this assisted us in exceeding our gross margin guidance, as Peter talked about earlier. Displays and NAND flash drove the majority of the favorable commodity cost benefit. In terms of the June quarter and the -- what we factored into our guidance, NAND and mobile DRAM supply continued to exceed demand. And because of that, we expect pricing will continue to be favorable. For most LCDs, we expect pricing to stabilize as the market moves to a supply-demand balance. The hard drive market has moved to a supply-demand balance, and we expect marketing -- market pricing to decline but will still be higher than the pre-flood level from the tragedy in Thailand. Most other components are expected to fall in line with or somewhat faster than historical trends.
Timothy D. Cook: Initially, our focus was on working with the Fortune 500 and the Global 500 to get the iPad certified for their particular enterprise. And I'm pleased to report that 94% of the Fortune 500 are testing or deploying iPads and 75% of the Global 500 are testing or deploying the iPad. So these numbers are just off the charts for a product that's only 24 months old. And so we are moving our focus away from this and focusing on penetration within these accounts. Peter alluded to some of the wins that we have had in the -- his opening comments. The incredible things about these are that they span across many verticals, through government, through education, and many different functions within the enterprise. It's absolutely the most broad-based product I have ever seen in my whole career in terms of adoption rate into the enterprise. And so yes, this means that we're applying more resources in Fes [ph] and salespeople to interact directly with these customers. We also work with our carrier partners and our reseller partners in delivering both the products and services that are wrapped around that to these customers.
Timothy D. Cook: It's hard to answer meet the demand. What I'm confident about, however, is that we will be able to supply a significant number of iPads during the quarter, and I feel very, very confident about that. It's tough to know precisely that it will balance until you get there, but I'm very confident with the improving supply and that the total number will be very significant.
Keith F. Bachman: Tim, for you, I think. Could you add some more specifics on iPhones in Asia Pacific, including China? Is supply-demand in balance there? Or that -- can that be a help? And then more broadly, with iPhones getting increased inventory of 2.6 million units, will that be a -- will that, in fact, go down in the June quarter? Is there any comments, you could provide there? And then I have a follow-up, please.
Keith F. Bachman: On China specifically. It sounds like China can still be a help. Or it sounds like China is still supply-demand imbalanced. But I wanted to see if you could add some thoughts [ph] there in terms of iPhones.
Keith F. Bachman: It certainly seems so. Tim, for my follow-up from Bill Shope's question, there have been some changes in Spain in particular on the behavior of their carriers and the economics. And Vodafone has actually changed some of their subsidy levels. It's only been about 30 days or 35 days, but have you seen any changes in demand levels in the Spanish market as a consequence of some of the activities of the carriers? And that's it for me.
