Tim Cook: Shannon, it's Tim. Welcome back. iPhone grew 10% in the Q4 timeframe to $42.6 billion. Customer demand was strong and better than we anticipated that it would be. And keep in mind that this is on top of a fiscal year of 2021 that had iPhone revenue grow by 39%, and so it's a tough compare as well. And so we were happy with it. In terms of the new products, the 14 and the 14 Pro and Pro Max, the -- it's still very early. But since the beginning, we've been constrained on the 14 Pro and the 14 Pro Max and we continue to be constrained today. And so we're working very hard to fulfill the demand. It's difficult to say what the mix will be until we can satisfy the demand because we don't really -- we're not able to determine the accurate mix until then. And so we -- but we're working very hard to do that. We were really pleased with the broadness of the iPhone strength last quarter. We had three of the top four smartphones in the U.S. and the UK, the top three in Urban China, the top six in Australia, four out of the top five in Germany and the top two in Japan. And customer satisfaction for the iPhone remains very, very strong at 98%. And so we feel very good about how we performed in Q4. And certainly, the start of this generation would suggest that we're going to be constrained for a little while on the 14 Pro and 14 Pro Max. But we're working very hard to try to remedy that.
Tim Cook: Yes. If you look at the price increase that you referenced, Ben, on Monday of this week, we announced a price increase on Apple Music and on Apple TV+ and then the corresponding Apple One, that is the consolidated bundle that includes both of those. On -- there's really two different situations here. With Music, the cost of licensing increased. And so we are paying more for music. The good thing about that is the artist will also get more money for their songs that are enjoyed on streaming. And so there's some bit of good news there, I suppose. And then on Apple TV+, if you look at when we first priced it, we only had a very few shows. We were at the beginning. We are very focused on originals only, and so we had four or five shows or so in the beginning and priced it quite low. We now have a lot more content and are coming out on -- with more each and every month. And so, we've increased the price to represent the value of the service. And of course, Apple One is just the consolidation of those two price changes.
Tim Cook: Yes. Kyle, it's Tim. The -- if you look at Wearables, we grew 10%, which we were very happy with. If you look at the individual pieces of that, Apple Watch was a contributor. And in particular, the new lineup was a contributor, including the Apple Watch Ultra and the Apple Watch Series 8 and the SE. The Ultra is -- was supply constrained and continues to be supply constrained during this quarter thus far. And so we're working hard to satisfy the demand bearing, get those products to customers. We also announced and launched the AirPods Pro in September. And the reviews for the product have just been off the charts in terms of the noise cancellation features and the sound quality. We're getting great, great reviews from there. In terms of what played the other way, the headwinds, obviously, FX was a headwind that affected Wearables, Home and Accessories, just like it affected the rest of our products and services. And we also had effect from the business in Russia, obviously, or the impact there. So that's sort of the pro and the con. The other thing that I should mention is that about two-thirds of the Apple Watches that we sold were to customers that had not previously owned an Apple Watch. And so the -- we're still very much selling to new customers here, which is very, very good for the future.
Tim Cook: Yes. I would just say that all three of the reasons that I gave were key in achieving the 25%. The M2 MacBook Air, the launch of the new product, the -- satisfying the back orders from the previous quarter and then filling the channel, all of those were key contributors.
Tim Cook: Yes. If you look at where we ended, Amit, in the September quarter, we exited below our target inventory range on iPhone and that's -- that in and of itself is not too unusual in the quarter. We start the ramp and demand is robust and so forth. And so I wouldn't call it that abnormal from the past.
Tim Cook: So our -- first and foremost, we focus on privacy and so we would not do anything that stepped away from that. We feel that privacy is a basic fundamental human right, and so that's sort of the lens that we look at it under. Our specific advertising business is not large and relative to others and so forth. But we don't release the exact numbers on it, but it's clearly not large.
Tim Cook: I'll let Luca talk about FX. In terms of the people piece, we're focused on taking care of our teams and offering them the best benefits and best compensation so that we can empower them to do the best work of their lives. And so that's what we're focused on in terms of our teams. In terms of inflation, there's clearly wage inflation. There's inflation related to logistics as well. If you compare it to pre-pandemic kind of levels, that has not returned to pre pandemic levels by any means. And there's certain silicon components that are -- have inflationary pressure as well. And so that's not an all-inclusive list of where we see it, but it gives you some ingredients of where we see inflation pressure. And we've obviously taken that into consideration in the gross margin guidance that Luca gave earlier in the call.
Tim Cook: This is Tim. In terms of acquisitions, we averaged about one per month, I believe, in across fiscal year 2022. And so we're constantly looking in the market. And what's out there. And what things would be synergistic. And which things would provide either intellectual property or talent or preferably both that we would need. And so we're constantly looking at acquisitions of all sizes.
Luca Maestri: Yeah. Well, let me start with gross margin in Q4 and then I'll get to Q1. It was a September quarter record for the company. We did 42.3%, and that is in spite of, as you mentioned, very significant negative FX in -- for example, for Q4, on a sequential basis, FX was negative 70 basis points and on a year-over-year basis it was negative 170 basis points. Essentially every currency around the world has weakened against the dollar. Now, we have guided Q1 to 42.5% to 43.5% in spite of the fact that we have, on a year-over-year basis, 330 basis points of negative exchange. Sequentially, it's 120 basis points unfavorable. So obviously, the strong dollar makes it difficult in a number of areas. Obviously, our pricing in emerging markets makes it difficult, and the translation of that revenue back into dollars is affected. But on the positive side, we are seeing commodities behave fairly favorably for us. And so we believe we can offset the foreign exchange – the negative foreign exchange that we're seeing. And I think that the guidance that we provided reflects that. It takes into account, of course, FX. It takes into account some level of inflationary pressures. But I think the outcome is, I think, is a good one.
Luca Maestri: In general, we have a few more days in the quarter that we're going to -- are going to affect both our revenues and our costs. Not every week is equal because obviously, we have certain peaks during the course of the quarter. Think about Black Friday or the Christmas holiday. But, in general, we're adding a few days of sale and additional OpEx as well on the cost front. So that's what happens to us every approximately six years as we need to align our weekly calendar to the fiscal calendar.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Ben. So when we look at our CapEx, as you correctly said, I mean, we've been fairly stable, and I think our capital intensity is really very good. We have three major buckets in CapEx for the company. We have certain dedicated tools for the manufacturing facilities. We had some spend around data centers, and we have spend around our office facilities around the world. We obviously monitor all of them. There is nothing unusual that we see for the next 12 months.
Luca Maestri: Jim, it's Luca. No, you're right. Obviously, the FX impact on our business depends on the geographic mix of the sales that we do. And so yes, it can be -- Services and products can have slightly different effects on foreign exchange. And so, if we look at our Services business in constant currency, we would have grown double digits. And so we're very pleased with that. As I mentioned, there were some areas that we could see some softness in digital advertising. Of course, you know that part, and gaming on the App Store was affected. But we were very happy with what we saw in terms of the behavior of our customers with the engagement with Services. And I mentioned a number of things during the prepared remarks, the fact that, obviously, that installed base is growing, that's a positive and it's a great foundation for the future. We are seeing more transacting accounts and more paid accounts, they're both growing double digits. Paid accounts are growing faster than transacting accounts, so the penetration of paid accounts is increasing. We have a great subscription business, 900 million paid subs now on the platform and growing very fast. We doubled in 3 years. So when we look at all those dynamics, that's the part that is really interesting to us because we really believe that the engine for Services growth is there and foreign exchange is a temporary thing and – but the fundamentals are very good.
Luca Maestri: Yes. And on foreign exchange, you're right. I mean, it's obviously a very significant factor that is affecting our results, both revenue and gross margin. What do we do about situation like this, one where we have a very strong dollar? Of course, we hedge our exposures. We try to hedge them in as many places as possible around the world. For example, I think we've been probably the first company that started hedging our exposure in China several years ago. There may be a few currency, small ones, where we don't hedge because the cost is prohibitive or the market is not there. But in general, we tend to hedge because it gives us significant level of margin stability. Obviously, over time, that protection reduces because the hedges roll over and we need to buy new contracts. But that's the primary tool that we use to offset some of the FX pressure. Of course, when we launch new products, in particular, we look at the FX situation. And in some cases, for example, customers in international markets had to -- they saw some price increases when we launched the new products, which is not something that, for example, US customers have seen. And that's unfortunately the situation that we're in right now with the strong dollar. So that's the way we try to deal with that. I have to say that one of the things that we've really appreciated the most during the quarter was the fact that in spite of this very strong dollar and the difficult FX environment, we have seen very strong performance in many international markets, particularly some very large emerging markets where even in reported currencies, so in US dollars, we're seeing very strong double-digit growth in places like India, Indonesia, Mexico, Vietnam, many places where we've done incredibly well. And obviously, in local currency, those growth rates are even higher. It's important for us to look at how these markets perform in local currency because it really gives us a good sense for the customer response to our products, the engagement with our ecosystem and in general, the strength of the brand. And I have to say, in that respect, we feel very, very good about the progress that we're making in a lot of markets around the world.
Luca Maestri: What we said is that we're going to be decelerating from September, so September was 8%, so it's going to be a lower percentage than 8%. We're not providing guidance for the reasons that we've explained. There's a lot of uncertainty there. And so we see how the quarter progresses. Keep in mind the 10 points of exchange. Certainly, in normal times, we will be talking about very different numbers, but that's where we are right now.
Luca Maestri: In terms of cash deployment, obviously, we like to look at the capital return program over the long arc of time. And we have done, since the beginning of the program we've done over $550 billion of buyback at an average repurchase price of $47. So the program has been incredibly successful. We are still in a position where we have net cash. And we said all along, we want to get to cash-neutral at some point. Our cash generation has been very, very strong over the years, particularly last year. I think, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did $111 billion of free cash flow. That's up 20% year-over-year. And so we will put that capital to use for investors.
Luca Maestri: No, I wouldn't say that because those are percentages. So yeah, no, the 10 points wouldn't be different. 13 or 14 weeks would be the same.
