Luca Maestri: Thank you, Simona. Let me take this one. In constant currency, when you look at it for the March quarter, revenue would be down between 5% and 10%. So, we are looking at a 400 basis point impact from foreign exchange for the March quarter. You talked about a number of issues that are, in fact, included in this guidance. In addition to lapping, of course, a very strong year ago quarter -- just remind you that revenue growth a year ago was up 27%, there's a number of things that we're facing. The macroeconomic environment is weakening. When you think about all the -- particularly all the commodity-driven economies, Brazil and Russia and emerging markets, but also Canada, Australia in developed markets, clearly the economy is significantly weaker than a year ago. We talked about the unfavorable FX, which again is 400 basis points. One of the things that we've done to respond to the foreign exchange situation has been to increase the price of some of our products in certain international markets. That has had the effect of protecting our margins, which you've seen have been very strong, both in the December quarter and in the guidance that we provide for the March quarter. But inevitably over time, higher prices affect demand and so we're capturing that in our guidance. So, I would say these are the major reasons and the drivers for the guidance on revenue.
Luca Maestri: Couple of points here, Katy. Our iPhone ASP was $691 during the December quarter. We couldn't be happier with the level of ASP that we generated in the December quarter. Keep in mind that the foreign exchange impact on that number was $49. So, obviously, the mix of products was very strong. We had great reception for the new iPhones that we launched at the end of September. Of course, we have a very strong mid-tier this year in the portfolio, with 6 and 6 Plus. But overall, when you look at the outcome during the December quarter, it was very, very strong. So, we feel very good about that and we feel that we have a very, very strong portfolio for iPhone. On the question around channel inventory, we entered the quarter, the December quarter -- and we mentioned it back in October below our target range of five to seven weeks. We have built a bit of inventory during the course of the December quarter. But we have exited at the low end of the five to seven weeks. So, we feel that we are in good shape there. And we've exited the quarter also on iPad and Mac well within the ranges that we want to have.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So that is kind of the ranking, Katy. It starts always for us with our tooling and manufacturing process equipment and that is up a bit year-over-year. Then we've got data centers and data centers is a growing expenditure for us, because, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our installed base of customers and devices is growing, and is growing very significantly. And the data center capacity that we put in place is to provide the services that are tied to the installed base. So, that type of expenditure goes together with the installed base. And then around facilities, you probably know that we are nearing completion of our new campus here in Cupertino, and so this is the year where we've got our peak requirements in terms of capital.
Luca Maestri: So, -- maybe I'm going to start with services, Toni. The reason why we added this -- I think it's page three of our supplemental material, is to try and explain that a couple of steps. The first one is that of the services that we report, there's a portion, about 85% of all of the services that we report is directly tied to the installed base. There is a smaller portion of our services business that is not related to installed base and more related to when we sell a device. A perfect example would be an Apple Care agreement that you purchase at the time of the sale of the device. And then we are showing that on that portion of installed base driven services business, there is a part that is related to -- where we recognize revenue in terms of the full transaction value. And then there are transactions, like for example, App Store sales, where a portion of the transaction does not get recognized by Apple, but it goes to the developer. So, when you look at it from a purchase value standpoint, actually in the December quarter, we grew 24%, and for the fiscal 2015, we grew at 23%. So, we are growing at very, very healthy levels okay. And to reconfirm the growth of the installed base, yes, it was over 25%. To the question around the channel inventory for iPhone, we grew channel inventory by 3.3 million units during the course of the December quarter. Keep in mind; we started in acquisition where we were below our targeted range. We were significantly short at the beginning of the quarter.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So, -- certainly Shannon, let me start with Q1. I think when you say IP licensing; you mean this patent dispute that was resolved. Yes, it was included in the gross margins and it was worth 40 basis points in the 40.1% that we reported for Q1. For the second quarter, the puts and takes are actually quite simple. From an FX standpoint, the negative impact on a sequential basis from the December quarter is 50 basis points. Then of course, I would say by far the largest impact on margins for the quarter is the loss of leverage, because that's part of our seasonal pattern, which gets offset by a favorable commodity environment that we've seen for a number of quarters now. And in a way, it's the other side of the coin of the foreign exchange situation.
Luca Maestri: And Jim, on the patent question, yes, obviously this is a one-off item that affected the December quarter. As I said earlier, it's worth 40 basis points. So, without it, our gross margin would have been 39.7%. It will not repeat going forward. To your question around was it included in the guidance, yes, the probability of receiving the amount was incorporated in the development of the guidance range. If you remember, we guided to 39% to 40%, and that number was included within the range.
Tim Cook: On your first question about iPhone, I think the most important thing, Gene, as you know for us, will always be the product and the experience. And so that's first and foremost. Secondly, I would say we were blown away by the level of Android switchers that we had last quarter. It was the highest ever by far. And so we see that as a huge opportunity. Thirdly, the markets, sort of the emerging markets broader than BRIC, but including all of emerging, when I look at our share in these markets and the LTE penetration, I see huge opportunities. In terms of the upgrade program itself, I think over time, it will be meaningful as customers get into a different pattern. How much of that plays out in the Q1 of 2017 range is difficult to say. My own sense would be that the other items I've mentioned are probably more important but I am optimistic about the upgrade program as well.
Tim Cook: Yeah. In terms of virtual reality, no, I don't think it's a niche. I think it can be -- it's really cool and has some interesting applications.
Tim Cook: Toni, we do think that iPhone units will decline in the quarter. We don't think that they will decline to the levels that you're talking about. We aren't projecting beyond the quarter, as Luca mentioned earlier. But at this point in time, we see that Q2 is the toughest compare. We believe it's the toughest compare because of the year ago quarter also had catch up in it from Q1. If you recall, we were heavily supply constrained throughout the whole of Q1 and so some of that demand moved into Q2. Plus we're in an environment now that is dramatically different from a macroeconomic point of view than last Q2, from a currency point of view, from the level of which we've had to adjust pricing in several of these markets, and sort pf the overall [Indiscernible] in virtually every country in the world. And so it's really all of those factors that play in there and it's difficult to sort out how much is due to which one.
Tim Cook: The market itself, we don't spend a lot of time on predicting. Our view has always been that if we do -- if we make a great product and have a great experience that we ought to be able to convince enough people to move over. And so as I look at sort of your -- maybe your broader umbrella point about a question on saturation, the metrics I see would strongly suggest otherwise. For example, almost half of the iPhones that we sold in China last quarter were to people who were buying their first iPhone. And certainly if you go outside of China into the other emerging markets, our share is much lower and the LTE penetration is so low, I mean in some cases, it's zero, that it indicates to me that there's still a lot of people, a tremendous number of people in the world, that will buy smartphones and we ought to be able to win over our fair share of those.
Tim Cook: Yeah, on the R&D, Shannon, we're continuing to invest without pause. We have some great things in the pipeline and we very much believe strongly in investing through downturns, such as the one that everyone is going through. In terms of SG&A, we obviously seek to throttle expenditures in SG&A to the business level, with the exception of where we're investing in new stores and, for example, our expansion plans in China have not changed. We are maintaining our investment profile and plans there. We are also continuing to invest in markets where we believe they are great places for Apple for the long-term, like India, as an example of that one. And finally, even in the markets where today, grandly, it looks fairly bleak, from Russia and Brazil and some of the other economies that are very much tied to our oil-based economies. We do believe that this, too, shall pass and that these countries will be great places and we want to serve customers in there and so we're not retrenching. That's not -- we don't believe in that. We fortunately are strong enough to continue investing and we think it's in Apple's best long-term interest to do so. Obviously, from a cost point of view, the downside of economic stress is that some asset prices get cheaper, commodity prices get cheaper, and that sort of thing. And so I think this is exactly the period that you want to invest and do so confidently.
Tim Cook: Yeah. Brian, good question. In terms of China, the LTE penetration as of the end of last October, which is the last data I've got, was in the mid-20s. And so there's an enormous upgrade cycle there for people that are still running on 3G handsets. Also, I've talked about this before, but I think it's worth mentioning again, because it's easy to lose perspective with some of the things you read every day, is that the middle-class in China was less than 50 million people in 2010, and by 2020, it's projected to be about half a billion. And so there's just an enormous number of people moving into the middle-class. And we think this provides us a great opportunity to win over some of those customers into the Apple ecosystem. And so I think the demographics are great. We're continuing to invest in retail stores. Angela and her team have been on this very aggressive rollout plan. We now have 28 stores in Greater China and we're on target to have 40 in the summertime of this year. And so we're continuing on distribution. Obviously, we've got product things in mind and are crafting our products and services with China heavily in mind. We remain very bullish on China and don't subscribe to the doom and gloom kind of predictions frankly. In India, India is also incredibly exciting. India's growth, as you know, is very good. It's quickly becoming the fastest growing BRIC country. It's the third largest smartphone market in the world, behind China and the United States. The population of India is incredibly young. The median age there is 27. I think of the China age being young, at 36, 37 and so 27 is unbelievable. Almost half the people in India are below 25. And so I see the demographics there also being incredibly great for a consumer brand and for people that really want the best products. And as you know, we've been putting increasingly more energy in India. India revenue for us in Q1 was up 38%. We also had currency issues in India, as everybody else did. Constant currency growth was 48%. And so it's a very rapidly expanding country. And I think the government there is very interested economic reforms and so forth that I think all speak to a really good business environment for the future.
Tim Cook: Yeah. So, last question first. The number of people who had an iPhone prior to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus announcements -- and so this was in September of 2014 that have not yet upgraded to a 6, 6 Plus or 6s or 6s Plus is now 60%. So, another way to think about that is 40% have, 60% have not. In terms of your initial question about is there some of the compare issue that are people that ran out quickly to buy a 6 and 6 Plus and sort of accelerated? There is no doubt that we had a unbelievable year last year and the Q2 was particularly really, really strong because of the pent-up demand that left from Q1 in addition to Q2. And so there's no doubt about that. However, I think you can tell from the numbers that Luca is talking about just on the currency side and that's before thinking through the affect that price increases can sometimes have on the business over a period of time, it's clear that the economic piece is large.
Tim Cook: So, good question. We started breaking out services, as you know, in the beginning of fiscal year 2015. And as that business has grown and as it became clear to us that the investors wanted -- investors and analysts wanted more visibility into that business, we've now elected to break it out and show the full size, scope, growth, and make comments on the profitability of it from a transparency point of view. I do think that the assets that we have in this area are huge and I do think that it's probably something that the investment community would want to and should focus more on. In terms of our future plans, I wouldn't want to comment about any particular thing, but obviously, with breaking this out, we wouldn't be breaking it out if it wasn't an area that was very important to us in the future.
Tim Cook: No, I don't -- honestly, this has nothing to do with wanting to move customers from one person to another. This has to do with wanting to provide customers a very simple way to upgrade. Because we serve a significant number of customers in the Apple Store who want the iPhone when it's new and when it comes out, and so we've designed a program that made it simple and easy to do that. I have no idea over time how the percentage of the sales will vary between carriers and the Apple retail store, but that's not our overriding objective.
Tim Cook: Our strategy is always to make the best products. And that -- for the smartphone market, that we are able to provide though several different price points for our customers. We have the premium part of our line is the 6s and the 6s Plus. We also have a mid-price point, with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. And we continue to offer the iPhone 5s in the market and it continues to do quite well. And so we offer all of those and I don't see us deviating from that approach. We always want to offer somebody the -- not -- we don't design to a certain price point. We design a great product and we make it priced at a great value. And today, we're able to offer all three of those different iPhone options.
