Timothy D. Cook: I'll take that, Katy. It's Tim. The ramp for iPhone X is going well, especially considering that iPhone X is the most advanced iPhone we've ever created and it has lots of new technologies in it. And so we're really happy that we were able to increase week by week what we're outputting and we're going to get as many of them as possible to the customers as soon as possible. I can't predict, at this point, when that balance will happen. And in terms of March, we obviously don't give guidance beyond the current quarter.
Timothy D. Cook: Let me talk a little bit about Q4 in China to give you a little bit of color on the results. We increased market share for iPhone, Mac and iPad during the quarter. We hit all-time revenue records for Services and for Mac for the PRC during the quarter. We've had very strong iPad revenue growth. We had double digit unit growth in iPhone and both the upgraders and Android switchers were both up on a year over year basis during the quarter, and so the results were broad based. They were pretty much across the board, as I indicated. The other thing that's happened is that the decline that we've been experiencing in Hong Kong moderated. And so it's still down year over year but less so than it was and part of that is the compare is an easier compare. And then finally, in terms of another headwind that is a little less than it was, currency has been affecting us more significantly. Last quarter in China, it affected us 1 percentage point. And so the sum of all that, I feel great about the results. We don't obviously provide geographic-specific guidance but you can see from our overall guidance, we think we're going to have a really strong quarter.
Timothy D. Cook: Michael, we never go through mix, but I would share with you that the iPhone X orders are very strong for both direct customers and for our channel partners, which as you know, are lots of carriers throughout the world. And we couldn't be more excited to get underway. And I think as of a few minutes ago, the first sales started in Australia. And I'm told we had several hundred people waiting at the store in Sydney and I'm getting similar reports from across that region.
Timothy D. Cook: Yes, it's a great question. The reason I'm so excited about AR is I view that it amplifies human performance instead of isolates humans. And so as you know, it's the mix of the virtual and the physical world and so it should be a help for humanity, not an isolation kind of thing for humanity. As I go through different countries as I've been traveling lately, and looking at some things in the market, other things that are coming, the very cool thing is they're all over the place. I see things that the consumer's going to love because it's going to change shopping. I see things that consumers will love on the gaming side and the entertainment side. I see business-related AR apps as well. They're going to be great for productivity and between small and large business. And I see apps that makes me want to go back to K-12 again and repeat my schooling because I think it changes the game in the classroom a lot. And so the real beauty here is that it's mainstream. And of course, Apple is the only company that could have brought this because it requires both hardware and software integration, and it requires sort of making a lot of – or giving the operating system update to many people at once. And the software team worked really hard to make that go back several versions of iPhone so that we sort of have hundreds of millions of enabled devices overnight. And so there's 1,000-plus in the App Store right now. I think this is very much like in 2008, when we fired the gun in the overall App Store. And so that's what it feels like to me, and I think it will just get bigger from here.
Timothy D. Cook: Yes. In terms of what we saw in Q4, you can probably tell from the ASP we had good success, I would say, through the different iPhones. And we've tried hard to have an iPhone that is as affordable as possible for people that really want an iPhone but may have a more limited budget. And we've got some iPhones that are really great for that market. And then we've got three new iPhones and people will look at these and decide which one they want. And this is the first time we've ever been in the position that we've had three new iPhones at once like this at the top end of the line. And it's the first time we've had a staggered launch. And so we're going to see what happens, but we put our absolutely best thinking that we have here in the guidance that Luca presented, and you can tell from that, that we're bullish.
Timothy D. Cook: Obviously, I'm not going to talk about mix. That's something that we've done in the past. If you look at the 8 and 8 Plus, when we launched them, they instantly became our top two selling products. If you look at 8 Plus in particular, to provide a little color there, 8 Plus for the period of time that we can measure to date, has gotten off to the fastest start of any Plus model. That for us was a bit of a surprise, and a positive surprise, obviously. And so we'll see what happens next. As I've mentioned before, we've never had three products and it's only today that the first customers can sort of look at all three of those and I'm sure there's been some people that wanted to do that before deciding even which one. And so we'll see what happens there. But in terms of price elasticity, I think it's important to remember that a large number of people pay for the phone by month. And so if you were to go out on just the U.S., since that tends to be more of the focus of this call, you look at the U.S. carriers, I think you would find you could buy an iPhone X for $33 a month. And so if you think about that, that's a few coffees a week. It's let's say less than a coffee a day at one of these nice coffee places. The other thing to keep in mind is that many people are now trading in their current iPhone on the next iPhone. And the residual value for iPhone tends to be the highest in the industry and many people pick up $300, $350 or so for their iPhone and so that even reduces the monthly payment less. And then obviously, some carriers also have promotional things going on. And so I do think it's important to try to place it in that context. In terms of the way we price, we price to sort of the value that we're providing. We're not trying to charge the highest price we could get or anything like that. We're just trying to price it for what we're delivering. And iPhone X has a lot of great new technologies in there that are leading the industry, and it is a fabulous product and we can't wait for people to start getting it in their hands.
Timothy D. Cook: I think, Steve, we've been in a competitive position. And so I probably maybe have a different view than you do or the folks that you're quoting. There's always doubting Thomases out there. And I've been hearing those for the 20 years I've been here and suspect I'll hear about them until I retire, right. So I don't really listen to that too much. There's lots of fantastic people here and they're doing unbelievable things. And yes, I view AR as profound. Not today, not the app that you'll see on the App Store today, but what it will be, what it can be. I think it's profound and I think Apple is in a really unique position to lead in this area.
Timothy D. Cook: The truth is we don't know. We've put our best estimate into the guidance, and you can see from the guidance that we are very bullish. And so, and we feel really great about the product lineup. We just sold the first units minutes ago. And so we'll see how things go. Until you get all of them out there where customers have the ability to demo and support, I think any kind of mix discussion is very much estimating. And so we put our best estimates in, but grantedly, we've never done this before. So there's no comparison here, with either the three iPhones nor the staggered launch. So we're going to learn something.
Timothy D. Cook: In terms of India, many of the things that you mentioned are correct. Growing a market like India is a result of all of those things and doing them all well. And so it's analogous to the many years that we put into China. It's building stores. It's building channels. It's building markets. It's building the developer ecosystem. It's having the right product lineup for the market. And I feel like we're making good progress there and are gaining understanding of the market, but we still have a long way to go, which I sort of see as an opportunity instead of a problem. And I do feel great about the growth rate. And so that's India. I think it's all of those things. As you know, as I think we talked about before, we started manufacturing the iPhone SE there six, nine months ago so. And the majority of the iPhone SEs that we sold in the domestic market last quarter were manufactured there. And so we also have that going and are hoping that that winds up saving some amount of money over time and avoiding some of the compounding of taxes, et cetera. The bandwidth issue has also been an issue, but as you point out, it is being addressed and between the large carriers there with Bharti and now Jio investing the way they are, the service in India is materially better than it was just 12 months ago. So there's been a sea change there in a short period of time. So I feel good about all that, but we have a long way to go. In terms of the monetization question on AR/VR, we tend to focus first and foremost on customer experience. And so we're all about making sure the experience is great. And we think that if we get the experience right, that revenues and profits will be a result of getting that right. And so we're very much focused on the experience right now.
Timothy D. Cook: Brian, I hate to repeat this, but we don't really disclose mix. We view it as competitive information that we want to hold tightly ourselves. In terms of the way the preorder process works in China in the channel, so not in our direct channel, but in the broader carrier channel and channel, they generally take indications of interest versus something that I would label a preorder. And so I would hesitate to even quote a number for fear it could be misconstrued. And we'll find out what the demand and where the supply and demand meet sometime in the future. I don't know when yet, but we're really excited to get going to find out.
Timothy D. Cook: Our emerging market performance during the quarter was very strong. And if you take China out, it's even stronger. But you can see that China rebounded. And as I'd indicated before, the China rebound was broad based across the products. And so we just had a phenomenal quarter on iPad, on the Mac, on Services, on Apple Watch, on iPhone. I mean we're literally, we're firing on all cylinders. And so that's what, that and our new products give us great confidence headed into this holiday season that this is going to be the best holiday season yet.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Yes, Shannon. It's Luca. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there was a $640 million adjustment and there was a one-off change. And it's important to call it out because of course it's a one-off. And so the underlying growth rate for service in the quarter was fantastic. It was 24%. It's the highest growth rate that we've had for services during fiscal 2017. So the business is going incredibly well. I would highlight maybe three of these businesses within Services at the App Store set a new all-time record. It's going incredibly well. The number of paying accounts continues to grow very strongly, and that's very, very important to us for the App Store business. Apple Music was up, subscriptions were up 75% year over year. We're getting the highest conversion rates that we've had since the launch of the service. And so we turned the corner in Music. You remember that a few years ago, we were actually declining in Music; now with the streaming service in addition to the download business, the business is growing again. And that really helps the growth rate for the entire Services business. iCloud is a service that continues to grow very strong double digits, and that's also helping. So we already become the size of a Fortune 100 company. We set a goal for ourselves to double what we did in fiscal 2016, and the trajectory is actually quite positive.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Toni, I'll take that one. When – you said we price our products for the value that we deliver. We also said that every time we launch new products, the cost structures of the new products tend to be higher than the products that they replace. It's inevitable. We are adding new technologies, new features, and therefore the cost structures go up. We have a very good track record of taking those cost structures and over the life cycle of the product, we are able to bring them down. There are a lot of elements in the gross margin line that we have good control over and there are also elements that we don't control. Take for example foreign exchange, which has been a significant headwind for the company for the last three years now. Also, the mix of products that we sell into the market tends to change over time, and that also has an impact on the overall gross margin for the company. There are situations where the commodities markets are in good shape. There are situations where commodity markets can be a bit out of balance. We have a case right now around memory pricing, which is a headwind for the time being. So there's many puts and takes. The fact that our Services business is growing, it should be a positive because our Services margins tend to be accretive to company margins. So there's many puts and takes. We tend to think about maximizing gross margin dollars because we think that's the most important thing for investors at the end of the day. When we look at our track record over years, I think we've found a good balance between unit grow and gross margins and revenue, and we will continue to do that as we go forward.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Yes. Amit, so we're guiding 38% to 38.5%. That's up 35 bps sequentially. Obviously we're getting the leverage from the larger volumes. As I mentioned, I think to Toni, we have higher cost structures every time we launch new products. So that is going to be the offset, and I mentioned particularly the impact from the memory pricing environment which is a headwind at this point. Just to size it for you, the impact of memory on our gross margin is 40 bps sequentially and 110 bps on a year over year basis. So they are meaningful impacts, and I think that is what I think probably you're referring to.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Yes. I think it's both. As I mentioned, particularly on the App Store, which is very important to us, the number of paying accounts has grown a lot. It's grown a lot because, as you said, the installed base has grown, but also because we have made a number of changes that have made it easier for our customers around the world to participate on the App Store and be able to transact on the App Store. We are accepting, for example, more forms of payment today than we were 12 months ago or even 6 months ago. So that's been very important. We also see that there is a typical spending curve for our customers. When they start transacting on the Store, they start at a certain level and they tend over time to get more familiar with the Store and they start to spend more. We're also now, very recently, made some changes, as you probably have seen, to the design of the App Store. And I was mentioning to you in the prepared remarks that these changes have been received very favorably. And so people now are spending more time on the Store, they download more apps, and that over time translates into monetization. But we also have other businesses that are growing very, very fast and actually accelerating. I mentioned Music. I mentioned iCloud, and so it all adds up. And as you correctly point out, our growth rate is accelerating.
