Tim Cook: Yes, hi Eric. The installed base hit an all-time high during the quarter and so we were very happy about that. iPhone in general grew in constant currency. And the 15, as you point out, if you look at the same number of weeks of the 15 from launch and compare that to the 14, the 15 is doing better than the 14. And so that's kind of a state of where we currently are. In terms of upgrade rates, it's very difficult mid-cycle to call upgrade rates. I would just say that with Apple Intelligence, we are very excited about the level of value that we're going to provide to users. And we believe that -- that presents another reason for a compelling upgrade.
Tim Cook: Yeah, Erik, as you point out, we decreased by 6.5% year-over-year for the whole of Greater China. And if you look at it on a constant currency basis, we declined by less than 3%. So over 50% of the decline year-over-year is currency related. That is an improvement from the first half of the fiscal year, and so we're happy to see the acceleration. If you look at iPhone in particular for Greater China, the installed base set a record. We also in Mainland China set a June quarter record for upgraders and so that's a very strong signal and in fact from Kantar -- the survey from Kantar this quarter showed that iPhones were the top three models in urban China. Also, if you look at -- one of the things we look at is the 15 family compared to the 14 family for the same number of weeks from launch. So this goes all the way back to the September of 2023. If you look at that, the 15 is outperforming the 14. And so those are some of the color I would provide. In addition, one of the things that we're very focused on is the level of new customers buying our products. And so if you look at this on the Mac and iPad, in Mainland China, the majority of customers buying or buying for the first time, buying that product for the first time and the watch, the vast, vast majority of people are buying a product for the first time. And during the quarter, I should say also that iPad returned to growth in Greater China, as it did around the world. And so we continue to be confident in the long-term opportunity in China. I don't know how every chapter of the book reads, but we're very confident in the long-term.
Tim Cook: We started the rollout of Apple Intelligence this week with developers, so some of the features are out there as of Monday. And we couldn't be more excited about getting them out there. Obviously, this will enable developers to take their apps to the next level. And so we are taking the first step in getting the beta out there, and we can't wait to see what kind of amazing things they do with it.
Tim Cook: We just announced the sort of the requirements at the system and the silicon level in June. And so we had very limited time during the quarter. So it's really too early to tell.
Tim Cook: We are very excited about Apple Intelligence and what it brings, and it is another compelling reason for an upgrade. I'd leave the promotional question for the sort of the carriers themselves to answer. But I believe it will be a very key time for -- and a compelling upgrade cycle.
Tim Cook: The rollout, as we mentioned in June, sort of -- we've actually started with developers this week. We started with some features of Apple Intelligence, not the complete suite. There are other features like languages beyond US English that will happen over the course of the year, and there are other features that will happen over the course of the year. And ChatGPT is integrated by the end of the calendar year. And so yes, so it’s a staggered launch.
Tim Cook: I think the way that I look at it is that Apple Intelligence is the on-device processing and the Private Cloud Compute. And a lot of that will be things with a personal context. And then for world knowledge, we are integrating with ChatGPT initially, and that will be focused on world knowledge as I said. And so the monetization model, I don't want to get into the terms of the commercial agreements because they are confidential between the parties. But I see both aspects as being very important. People want both.
Tim Cook: Maybe I'll take the second one first and then pass it over to Luca. In terms of the requirements to run Apple Intelligence, there are system requirements and there are silicon requirements. And so from an iPhone point of view, the iPhone 15 Pro and Pro Max will run Apple Intelligence and the successor products obviously. If you look at the Mac, it starts with the M series of silicon that started in 2020. And the iPad is the same, and so it starts with the M series of silicon. And so there are system requirements and silicon requirements that go with each of those.
Tim Cook: Well, certainly, the competitive environment there is the most competitive in the world. I've said that before and that remains to be the case. The macroeconomic factors have been in the press too, and I'm not an expert on those. I can only tell you what we're seeing. And we were pleased that the business showed improvement from the first half of the year.
Tim Cook: If you look at how we've deployed Apple Intelligence or are deploying Apple Intelligence, we've really thought about it at pretty much all of the apps that you use every day. And so we've thought about it from Notes to Mail to Messages and all the rest. And so there is been a deep level of thinking about how it affects those apps. And that's going to surface Apple Intelligence in a way that is natural to the user, in a way that will I think, get them very excited about it and get usage. Similarly, I think the developers will do that on a broad basis with their apps as well. And so I think, it is profound and we'll see what the developers do. But we're very excited to get the initial seed out there this week and see what they do. I think it will be amazing, yes.
Tim Cook: Our objective that we said in June is to roll out US English starting in the fall and that is to users, and then proceed with more functionality, more features, if you will, and more languages and regions coverage as we proceed across the next year. And so we sort of gave a time frame that -- and we're tracking to that.
Tim Cook: We are engaged as you would guess, with both regulatory bodies that you mentioned. And our objective is to move as fast as we can, obviously because our objective is always to get features out there for everyone. We have to understand the regulatory requirements before we can commit to doing that and commit a schedule to doing that. But we're very constructively engaged with both.
Tim Cook: Yes, I'll take that one. I think the important thing to remember when you look at the Wearables, Home and Accessories categories is that we have a difficult launch compare. And we've been running that for a few quarters and we still have that because last year had the continued benefit from the AirPods Pro second generation, the Watch SE and the very first Watch Ultra. And so it is important to keep that in mind. If you sort of take a step back, however and look at the business across the trailing 12 months, it is grown -- the Wearables, Home and Accessories business has grown to almost $40 billion, which is double what it was five years ago.
Tim Cook: Clearly, we have increased R&D over time. We have been investing in AI and ML for years. And in addition to investing more, we've also redeployed certain skills onto AI and ML. And so the growth in sort of embedded in our numbers that we've shared here, it is increasing year-over-year. On the CapEx part, it is important to remember that we employ a hybrid kind of approach, where we do things internally and we have certain partners that we do business with externally where the CapEx would appear in their respective businesses. But yes, I mean you can expect that there is -- we will continue to invest and increase it year-on-year.
Luca Maestri: Sure, Ben. I think I'll give you a bit of the walk for the June quarter and then get into the outlook that we provided for the September quarter. At the total company level, we've reported 46.3%. It is down 30 basis points sequentially, and it was really driven by a different mix. Within products, of course, we launched very important products like the iPad during the course of the quarter. But we had an offset from a shift in mix towards Services, and we got some good cost savings. And so when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, we are up significantly on the margin front. And keep in mind that foreign exchange continues to be a bit of a headwind for us. As we go into the September quarter, we are guiding 45.5% to 46.5%, which is kind of within the guidance that we provided last quarter. Again similar dynamics, we expect a slightly different mix. We expect foreign exchange to have a minimal impact sequentially, although a more significant impact on a year-over-year basis. On the commodity side, I think that is what you are referring to, yes we have seen some increases on the memory front, but the rest of the commodities, we see a continuous decline. So in general, we feel -- we're well positioned. And as you know well, these are very high levels of gross margin for us and we are pleased where we are.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Amit, it is Luca. It's a combination of a number of factors. The installed base growth is very important of course, because we have a larger pool of customers that uses the ecosystem and uses our Services. We are seeing and we've seen this consistently for many, many quarters now. We see continued growth in the level of engagement that our customers have with our ecosystem. We have more transacting accounts every quarter, so more people using the ecosystem both the free elements of the ecosystem and the paid elements. We see paid accounts growing double digits, and we've seen that for many, many quarters. Now we look at our paid subscriptions on our platform, and they are growing strong double digits as well. So obviously, the growing level of engagement helps us both from an ARPU standpoint and just a volume standpoint. Obviously, as you've seen over the last several years, we launched new services over time, and we've launched many new services, fairly recently. Obviously, our payments business is relatively new, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Fitness+, so many other services we've added. And so we are providing more and more opportunities for our customers to interact with the ecosystem. And we believe we are doing also a very good job at improving the quality of these services and improving the amount of content that we make available. We continue to make significant investments on TV+, on Apple Arcade. We are launching new shows, new games all the time. And I think you will continue to see that as we go forward. We are very, very happy with the 14% growth that we had this quarter because, particularly if you look at the performance that we had in Services a year ago, the compares for us tend to get a bit more challenging in the second half of our fiscal year. But in spite of that, we delivered a level of growth that was better than what we were expecting at the beginning of the quarter.
Luca Maestri: Yes. Of course, as you said, the foreign exchange continues to be -- this is incremental on a year-over-year basis. And it is one of those things that is outside of our control. We try to hedge our exposures. But it is what it is. We know that when the dollar is strong, our gross margins are affected. The other element that I think it's always important to keep in mind is that within the Products business, our products have different margin profiles. And depending on the relative success in the marketplace, our products' gross margin tends to move. And so the mix of our products has an impact on gross margins, right? And so we need to pay attention to that. Of course, we just launched an iPad and that is one of the factors. But we want all our products to be very successful in the marketplace. And that's why we always look at gross margin dollars as the first order of priority, and gross margin percentage tends to follow from that. The other factor that obviously has an impact, a significant impact is the state of the commodity markets, and they tend to go in cycles. And so we will see how that plays out over time. But in general, we feel good about the level of gross margins that we have for our products business, and we think we are in a good position there.
Luca Maestri: And from a gross margin standpoint, as you know, we don't provide any color past the current quarter, and we just provided guidance for the quarter 45.5% to 46.5%. It is essentially broadly in line with what we reported for the June quarter. So we'll take it quarter by quarter and we will report as the time goes by.
Luca Maestri: Well, we have provided -- let me repeat what we provided. We think that we are going to be growing total company revenue at a rate that is similar to what we reported, so the plus 5%, right? In spite of the fact that we are going to have some foreign exchange headwinds, and we said about 150 basis points in the December quarter. And we said that we will grow Services double digits at a rate that is similar to what we've reported for the first three quarters of the fiscal year. We are not going into the other categories. I think there is a lot of good math that you can do from what we've given you here. Keep in mind on the Mac that we will have a challenging compare from a year ago, given the fact that we launched and we had the full quarter impact of the launch of the MacBook Air 15-inch a year ago. And also on the iPad, we reported 24% growth in the June quarter. Clearly we had the benefit from the launch in the June quarter of the new products, the iPad Air and the iPad Pro. So important to keep that in mind on a sequential basis.
Luca Maestri: Well, as you know we have introduced some changes to the way we run the App Store in Europe already in March. And we are seeing a good level of adoption from developers on those changes. We are on an ongoing basis, discussing with the European Commission how to ensure full compliance with the DMA. It is obviously early stage, but in general, our results for the Services business and for the App Store have been pretty good until now. Again to just provide you a frame of reference, the percentage of revenue that we generate from the European Union on the App Store is about 7% of the total.
Luca Maestri: Yes, I'm glad you noticed that. We are pretty pleased with that fact. And I think you probably also noticed that we've increased our return of capital to shareholders this quarter. This one was a record quarter for us. Well, it's a combination of a number of things. Of course, an improvement in the top-line helps the margin expansion that we've had over the last several years and several quarters obviously has helped. And so that is driving better operating cash flow. On the CapEx front as Tim said, we employ a hybrid model. Some of the investments show up on our balance sheet and some other investments show up somewhere else and we pay, as we go. But in general, we try to run the company efficiently. We continue to think that capital efficiency is a good thing. And therefore, we are pleased with the fact that our free cash flow is doing well this year.
