Luca Maestri: Simona, let me give you the data points on the sell-through, and then I'll let Tim answer the strategic question. We had a channel inventory reduction that was worth a bit less than $800 million a year ago.
Luca Maestri: So on the ASPs, Gene, we mentioned that we're going to be down sequentially. And this is really the combination of two factors when we go from the March quarter to the June quarter. It's the fact that we are having the iPhone SE entering the mix, and that obviously is going to have a downward pressure on ASP. And also this channel inventory reduction that we've talked about, obviously the channel inventory reduction will come from higher-end models, and that is also affecting the sequential trend on ASPs. The question on Services, when we look at our Services business, it's obviously growing very well across the board. The biggest element and the part of the Services business that is growing very well, we mentioned 35%, is the App Store. It's interesting for us that our Music business, which had been declining for a number of quarters, now that we have both a download model and a streaming model, we have now hit an inflection point. And we really believe that this will be the bottom and we can start growing from there over time. We have many other Services businesses that are doing very well. We have an iCloud business that is growing very quickly, faster than the App Store from a much lower base, but I think it's important for us as we continue to develop these businesses. Tim has talked about Apple Pay. It doesn't provide a meaningful financial contribution at this point, but as we look at the amount of transactions that are going through Apple Pay right now and we think ahead for the long term, that could be an interesting business for us as well. From a profitability standpoint, we had mentioned last time that when you look at it on a gross basis, so in terms of purchase value of these services, the profitability of the business is similar to company average. Of course, when you net out the amount that is paid to developers and you look at it in terms of what is reported in our P&L, obviously that business has a profitability that is higher than company average. We don't get into the specifics of specific products or services, but it's very clear it's significantly higher than company average.
Luca Maestri: Katy, clearly the commodity environment remains quite favorable, and we continue to expect cost improvements. The other dynamics that you've mentioned are still there. Obviously, what is different and particularly as we look at it on a sequential basis coming out of the March quarter, we will have lots of leverage, and that obviously is going to have a negative impact on margins. And the other factor that's important to keep in mind is this different mix of products. And particularly when you look at iPhone, what I was mentioning to Gene earlier, I think we've got a couple of things that are affecting not only ASPs, but obviously they also affect margins. And it's the fact that we had a channel inventory reduction at the top end of the range, and we've got the introduction of the iPhone SE at the entry level of the range. And so when you take into account those factors, those are the big elements that drive our guidance range right now.
Luca Maestri: Shannon, it's Luca. Of course we think about it. We think about it a lot. And so when you look at our results, for example, our OpEx for the quarter, for the March quarter was up 10%, which is the lowest rate that you've seen in years. And when you look within OpEx, you actually see two different dynamics. You see continued significant investments in research and development because we really believe that's the future of the company. We continue to invest in initiatives and projects ahead of revenue. We have a much broader portfolio than we used to have. We do much more in-house technology development than we used to do a few years ago, which we think is a great investment for us to make. And so that part we really need to protect and we want to continue to invest in the business. And then when you look at our SG&A portion of OpEx for the March quarter, it was actually down slightly. So obviously, we think about it, and of course we look at our revenue trend and we take measures accordingly. And when you look at the guidance that we provided for the June quarter, that 10% year-over-year increase that I mentioned to you for the March quarter goes down to a range of 7% to 9% up. And again, the focus is on making investments in R&D and continuing to run SG&A extremely tightly and in a very disciplined way. As you know, our E-to-R, expense-to-revenue ratio, is around 10%. It's something that we're very proud of. It's a number that is incredibly competitive in our industry, and we want to continue to keep it that way. At the same time, we don't want to underinvest in the business.
Luca Maestri: Yes. Rod, these are new regulations. We are in the process of assessing them. Frankly, from first read, we don't anticipate that they're going to have any material impact on our tax situation. Some of them relate to inversion transactions, so obviously that's not an issue for us. Some of them are around internal debt financing, which is not something that we use, so we don't expect any issue there. As you know, we are the largest U.S. taxpayer by a wide margin, and we already pay full U.S. tax on all the profits from the sales that we make in the United States. So we don't expect them to have any impact on us. On tax reform, maybe I can continue, and I'll let Tim provide more color, but we've been strong advocates for comprehensive corporate tax reform in this country. We continue to do that. We think a reform of the tax code would have significant benefits for the entire U.S. economy, and we remain optimistic that we're going to get to a point where we can see that tax reform enacted. At that point in time, of course, we would have much more flexibility around optimizing our capital structure and around providing more return of capital to our investors.
Timothy Donald Cook: Simona, hi, it's Tim. In terms of do I think the smartphone market is mature, I think that the market, as you know, is currently not growing. However, my view of that is that's an overhang of the macroeconomic environment in many different places in the world. And we're very optimistic that this too shall pass and that the market and particularly us will grow again. The reason that we're optimistic is we look at the three places that iPhone sales come from. And from an upgrade point of view as I mentioned in my comments, we compare favorably, slightly better than the upgrade cycle that we saw on the iPhone 5s. We're lower than the iPhone 6, but I think all of us know that that was an extraordinary cycle that accelerated upgrades from 2016 into 2015. And so that comparable will be tough for this year, but that's a transitory thing. As we look at switchers, we're extremely excited that for the first half we set a record from switchers from other platforms, the largest we've ever seen in any six-month period before, so we've got traction there. And then on emerging markets, if you take a look at India, we grew by 56%, and we're placing increasing emphasis in these areas, where it's clear there will be disproportionate growth versus the more developed areas. The next thing is with the iPhone SE, we have seen our ability to attract even more customers into the platform with an incredible product that is at a new price point for us with the latest technology, and so we're optimistic about attracting even more customers with that. We also look at our pipeline, and we're very excited about what's in our pipeline. And so all of those things make me optimistic. Your other question was on M&A. Regardless of the first, we're always looking in the market about things that could complement things that we do today, become features in something we do, or allow us to accelerate entry into a category that we're excited about. And so as I said before, our test is not on the size. We would definitely buy something larger than we've bought thus far. It's more about the strategic fit and whether it's a great technology and great people. And so we continue to look and we stay very active in the M&A market.
Timothy Donald Cook: Gene, I think the iPhone SE is attracting two types of customers. One is customers that wanted the latest technology but wanted it in a more compact package, and we clearly see even more people than we thought in that category. And then secondly, it's attracting people who aspire to own an iPhone but couldn't quite stretch to the entry price of the iPhone, and we've established a new entry. And so I think both of these markets are very, very important to us, and we're really excited about where it can take us. I do think that we will be really happy with the new-to-iPhone customers that we see from here because of the early returns we've had. We are currently supply constrained, but we'll be able to work our way out of this at some point. But it's great to see the overwhelming demand for it. I'll let Luca comment on the ASPs.
Timothy Donald Cook: Katy, in the short term, let me just make a couple of comments on the developed markets just to make sure this is clear. If you look at our installed base of iPhone today versus two years ago, it's increased by 80%. And so when you think about upgrade cycles, upgrade cycles would have varying rates on it. As I talked about it in the comments, the iPhone 6s upgrade rate is slightly higher than the iPhone 5s but lower than the iPhone 6. But the other multiplier in that equation is obviously the size of the installed base. And so the nut of the idea is that I think there's still really, really good business in the developed markets, so I wouldn't want to write those off. And it's our jobs to come up with great products that people desire, and also to continue to attract over Android switchers. With our worldwide share, there's still quite a bit of room in the developed markets as well. And from an India point of view, if you look at India, and each country has a different story a bit, but the things that have held not only us back perhaps but some others as well is that the LTE rollout with India just really began this year, and so we'll begin to see some really good networks coming on in India. That will unleash the power and capability of the iPhone in a way that an older network, a 2.5G or even some 3G networks, would not do. And so the infrastructure is one key. The second one is building the channel out. Unlike the U.S., as an example, where the carriers in the U.S. sell the vast majority of phones that are sold in the United States, in India the carriers in general sell virtually no phones. And so it's out in retail, and retail is many, many different small shops. And so we've been in the process – it's not something that we just started in the last few weeks. We've been working in India now for a couple of years or more, but we've been working with great energy over the last 18 months or so, and I'm encouraged by the results that we're beginning to see there, and believe there's a lot, lot more there. It is already the third largest smartphone market in the world. But because the smartphones that are working there are low end, primarily because of the network and the economics, the market potential has not been as great there. But I view India as where China was maybe seven to ten years ago from that point of view, and I think there's a really great opportunity there.
Timothy Donald Cook: Toni, it's Tim. Let me see if I can address your question. The channel inventory reduction that Luca referred to, the vast, vast majority of that is in iPhone, and so that would affect the unit compare that you may be thinking about. The iPhone SE, we are thrilled with the response that we've seen on it. It is clear that there is a demand there even much beyond what we thought. And so that is really why we have the constraint that we have. And so do I think it will be like the iPad mini? No, I don't think so. I don't see that. I think that the tablet market in general, one of the challenges with the tablet market is that the replacement cycle is materially different than in the smartphone market. And so as you probably know, we haven't had an issue in customer satisfaction on the iPad. It's incredibly high. And we haven't had an issue with usage of the iPad. The usage is incredibly high. But the consumer behavior there is you tend to hold on for a very long period of time before an upgrade. We continue to be very optimistic on the iPad business. And as I had said in my remarks, we believe we're going to have the best compare for iPad revenue this quarter that we have had in quite some time. And so we'll report back in July on that one. But I think iPhone has a particularly different kind of cycle to it than the tablet market.
Timothy Donald Cook: There's a lot there. Let me just say I don't recall saying the things that you said I said about the upgrade cycle. Let me get that out of the way. Now let me describe without the specific numbers. The iPhone 6s upgrade cycle that we've measured for the first half of this year, so the first six months of our fiscal year to be precise, is slightly better than the rate that we saw with the iPhone 5s two years ago, but it's lower than the iPhone 6. I don't mean just a hair lower. It's a lot lower. And so without giving you exact numbers, if we would have the same rate on iPhone 6s that we did iPhone 6, it would be time for a huge party. It would be a huge difference. Now the good news is – the great news from my point of view is I think we're strategically positioned very well because we've announced the iPhone SE. We are attracting customers that we previously didn't attract. That's really great. And this tough compare eventually isn't the benchmark. And the installed base is up 80% over the last two years. And so all of those I think bode well. And the switcher comments I made earlier, I wouldn't underestimate that because that's very important for us in every geography. So thanks for the question.
Timothy Donald Cook: Shannon, thanks for the question. If you take Greater China, we include Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Mainland China in the Greater China segment that you see reported on your data sheet. The vast majority of the weakness in the Greater China region sits in Hong Kong. And our perspective on that is it's a combination of the Hong Kong dollar being pegged to the U.S. dollar, and therefore it carries the burden of the strength of the U.S. dollar. And that has driven tourism, international shopping, and trading down significantly compared to what it was in the year ago. If you look at Mainland China, which is one that I am personally very focused on, we are down 11% in Mainland China on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, we're only down 7%. And the way that we really look at the health or underlying demand is look at sell-through. And if you look at it there, we were down 5%. And keep in mind that that's down 5% on a comp a year ago that was up 81%. And so as I back up from this and look at the larger picture, I think China is not weak as has been talked about. I see China as may not have the wind at our backs that we once did, but it's a lot more stable than what I think is the common view of it. And so we remain really optimistic on China. We opened seven stores there during the quarter. We now are at 35. We'll open five more this quarter to achieve 40, which we had talked about before. And the LTE adoption continues to rise there, but it's got a long way ahead of it. And so we continue to be really optimistic about it and just would ask folks to look underneath the numbers at the details of them before concluding anything. Thanks for the question.
Timothy Donald Cook: The most important thing for us, Steve, is that we want to have a great customer experience. So overwhelmingly, the thing that drives us are to embark on services that help that and become a part of the ecosystem. The reality is that in doing so, we have developed a very large and profitable business in the Services area. And so we felt last quarter and working up to that that we should pull back the curtain so that people could – our investors could see the Services business both in terms of the scale of it and the growth of it. As we said earlier, the purchase value of the installed base services grew by 27% during the quarter, which was an acceleration over the previous quarter. And the value of it hit just – or was just shy of $10 billion. And so it's huge, and we felt it was important to spell that out.
Timothy Donald Cook: What we've seen is that it depends on what you compare it to. If you compare to the iPhone 5s, what we're seeing is the upgrade rate today is slightly higher or that there are more people upgrading, if you will, in a similar time period in terms of rate than the iPhone 5s. But if you compare to iPhone 6, you would clearly arrive at the opposite conclusion. And so I think it depends on people's reference points. And we thought it very important in this call to be very clear and transparent about what we are seeing. And so I think in retrospect, you can look at it and say, well maybe the appropriate measure is more to the iPhone 5s, and I think everybody intuitively thought that the upgrades were accelerated with the iPhone 6. In retrospect, when you look at the periods, they clearly were.
Timothy Donald Cook: I think, Rod, you're probably indirectly asking about our trough comment, if you will, from last quarter. And when we made that, we did not contemplate or comprehend that we were going to make a $2 billion-plus reduction in channel inventory during this quarter. And so if you factor that in and look at true customer demand, which is the way that we look at it internally, I think you'll find a much more reasonable comparison.
Timothy Donald Cook: The only thing I would add, Rod, is I think there are a growing number of people in both parties that would like to see comprehensive reform, and so I'm optimistic that it will occur. It's just a matter of when. And that's difficult to say, but I think most people do recognize that it's in the U.S.'s interest to do this.
