Timothy Donald Cook: Shannon, we obviously invest a ton of capital in our business itself to support research and development and the production of our products. And that's the main source of our capital. However, we're constantly looking on the outside for great talent and great intellectual property. And we have been buying companies on average every three to four weeks or so, and we continue to do that. And we think we've made some really great choices there. In terms of the investment in Didi, it was an unusual investment in that, as you know, we don't have a long history of doing a lot of these, but we have done some before. We invested in ARM in the early days. We invested in Akamai and a few other companies. So it wasn't the first. From a Didi point of view, we see that as, one, a great financial investment. Two, we think that there are some strategic things that the companies can do together over time. And three, we think that we'll learn a lot about the business and the Chinese market even beyond what we currently know, and Didi has an incredible team there. And so that's the rationale for why we did that. Would we do more investments? Yes, but it's not something that you'll see a whole string of from us. But we will constantly look for things that are smart to do.
Timothy Donald Cook: Shannon, on the commodity side and for the September quarter, we see NAND being pretty much in balance while DRAM and LCDs and other major commodities remain in an oversupply situation. And so overall commodity prices we expect to decline at at-least historical rates.
Timothy Donald Cook: Steve, we're not going to get into products or product transition. However, we've taken what we've learned from last quarter, and we did see a number of encouraging signs. Luca talked about the number of countries that we saw double-digit growth in during the quarter, from Japan to Brazil to India, some even stronger numbers than that in Russia. So there's a number of countries that we saw strong signals from that perspective. We also are very happy with the switcher rate that we saw, our highest ever recorded. And the number of switchers through the nine months are the highest absolute numbers that we've ever had. And so when we look at that and then we look at the things going on, on our other products and services, and we think Services will continue to grow very briskly. We've made our best estimate of where we think we'll come in, and that's $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion.
Timothy Donald Cook: We think to have a great platform you have to have a really healthy ecosystem. And so we're really proud of the developer community and the fact that developers are earning a lot more money in writing for iOS than other apps. We think that the best experience for users include apps, and so we want to do everything that we can do to continue building that. We now have over 2 million apps in the App Store and are more focused these days on discovery and other things to bring more great apps to the service because there are so many out there. And so that's what we're doing. The TV, and you didn't mention CarPlay, but these are trying to provide our users a seamless experience across all the different things that they do in their lives. And so that's the rationale for CarPlay. It's the rationale for why we're putting a huge investment in the home, making – really bringing home automation to life for people in a very simple and elegant way. It's the reason for Apple TV and what we're doing in the living room. And so all these things, all these things together are all about the user experience and making people's daily lives better.
Timothy Donald Cook: I don't want to talk about phones that aren't announced. And so that aside, what we have seen in the past tense or current tense on the upgrade rate is that the iPhone upgrade rate for the iPhone 6S is very similar to the iPhone 5S. And I guess in retrospect, maybe that was a predictable thing, although we didn't predict it in the beginning. It took us a little time to realize that. The iPhone 6 was significantly higher than that, and so it likely accelerated upgrades that would have been in the current year ahead of those. And so what the future holds, we'll see. But I'm very optimistic about the future because I see so many signs that are positive. I see an installed base that has gotten incredibly large. I see a switcher rate that is the highest ever. I see the smartphone itself, led by iPhone, becoming even more instrumental and important to people's lives. It's becoming essential. And all of the things that are coming both in the fall, the things that we've announced that you can see with iOS 10, hopefully you're running by now with the beta, those and other things make it even more instrumental. And AI even makes it even more and more. As the phone becomes more and more your assistant, it's one of those that you're not going to leave without it. And so I see all of those things as vectors that are incredibly positive. I also really like what I've seen with the iPhone SE and the fact that it's opening the door to customers that we weren't reaching before and likely convincing some people to upgrade that wanted a smaller form factor but wanted to stay with iPhone, and so they were waiting for the iPhone SE. And so I see lots of positive things, and so that's how I look at it.
Timothy Donald Cook: The iPhone demand is made up, as you know, of upgraders, switchers and new to smartphone. And so if you take it in reverse order for a minute and look at a new smartphone, smartphone penetration right now around the world at the end of December was 42%. And so there's quite a bit of room there. It is true that a lot of those are in emerging markets, but we have done – we've had reasonable business success in several emerging markets. And so we don't enter into those with no experience, although we will enter into them humbly. On the switcher side, we really like what we're seeing. And we think that from a user point of view, as the smartphone itself becomes more and more essential to people's daily lives, which is a part of what I had talked about before, a part of bringing it into the home in a bigger way and in the car and at work and so forth, we think people will put more and more focus on what they're buying and the thing that Apple does best, which is provide this killer experience. A killer user experience that's integrated across their lives I think becomes more important and I think that really plays to our advantage. I also think that the deployment of AI technology is something that we will excel at because of our focus on user experience, and so I like that. From an upgrade point of view, there are pluses and minuses as I see it. A plus is that more and more people have already joined upgrade programs. Some of these programs, like the one that you referenced that we've done, replaces the iPhone every year. There are also carriers that have similar kind of plans, where they also replace or change out the iPhone every year. Others have an 18-month clock. Some have a 24-month clock, and there are even some that have a 30-month clock. And so there's various time schedules there. And so, as of today, there are obviously a lot more people on those programs than ever before because they just started. It really got underway in a big way last year, in a smaller way two years ago. And so we'll see more of those this coming fall. The minus side is that the bifurcation of the smartphone from the service itself has a plus and a minus into it. The subsidy, the lack of that – and this is more of a U.S. phenomenon than the rest of the world, some of that can be a shock for people that were used to paying $199 for their smartphone. They come back in and they pay less for the service but they pay more for their smartphone. And so there's lots of pluses and minuses on this. But overall, as I look at this for Apple, and this is not a statement on the industry itself, but for Apple, I'm very optimistic.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes, for books and movies, we currently have those stores off, as you mentioned. To put this in some context, those two stores for the months that we had them operational, which was several months, the revenue was less than $1 million. And so it's not a revenue-related issue. From our point of view, this is a service we want to provide our customers. And so we're working very closely with the appropriate government agencies, and we hope to make books and movies available again to our customers there. And so we'll see how that goes, but we're optimistic there.
Timothy Donald Cook: I think we've always had – if you look at our share over time, our share in China tends to peak during launch windows. There's a higher high and a lower low there. There's a bigger difference between those two. And so what we have to do and what we're doing is innovating like crazy and delivering the best smartphone to our customers there. And if we do a really great job of that, which we will, then I'm confident that we'll do well.
Timothy Donald Cook: On the Apple Pay side, the revenues from Apple Pay are in the Services line. The growth is astronomical, but the base is very small. And so for today, Apple Pay is very much about a great feature for our customers so that they can pay in a very simple, private, and secure way. In terms of AR and the Pokémon phenomenon, it's incredible what has happened there. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of the pressure on their servers, et cetera, because of the demand. But I'm sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we're investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers' products like Pokémon. And so that's the reason why you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokémons.
Timothy Donald Cook: I notice there are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think there's a tendency in this industry to call everything new the next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we'll see whether it's the next platform. But regardless, it will be huge.
Timothy Donald Cook: On R&D growth, we do continue to invest significantly in R&D. The growth rates are still large on a year-over-year basis, and Luca can share the exact ones. But I think the recent quarter was in the mid-20% for R&D. The balance of the company we're managing more flattish from a year-over-year point of view. The products that are in R&D, there is quite a bit of investment in there for products and services that are not currently shipping or derivations of what is currently shipping. And so I don't want to talk about the exact split of it. But you can look at the growth rate and conclude that there's a lot of stuff that we're doing beyond the current products.
Timothy Donald Cook: On the Apple TV question, the introduction of Apple TV and tvOS last October and the subsequent OS releases and what's coming out this fall, think of that as building the foundation for what we believe can be a broader business over time. And so I don't want to be more precise than that. But you shouldn't look at what's there today and think we've done what we want to do. We've built a foundation that we can do something bigger off of.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: ...for the September quarter. So essentially, we're guiding GM flat to slightly down sequentially. On the positive side, we're going to have leverage because we are guiding to a sequential increase in revenue, and we expect to have positive mix as we get into the September quarter, and these positives being offset more or less by what we call product transition costs, which are typical at this time of the year for us.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Katy, I've talked about these elements at a broad level. Of course, there are degrees of positive impact. We for example on the mix front, every cycle is slightly different on our product mix, and so that clearly has an impact on gross margins. And the other thing that we need to keep in mind as we step back for a second and now we've gone through a couple of cycles where the U.S. dollar has strengthened. And as you know, we work with our hedging program where we get protection from FX fluctuations in the short term. When these hedges roll off over time, we end up replacing them with new hedging contracts at spot rates. And so versus September of 2014, for example, the U.S. dollar has now strengthened on average against international currencies by about 15%. And I think we need to accept that now we're living in this stronger U.S. dollar environment. We've taken a lot of actions on the cost side, on the pricing side, and obviously with hedges. But we need to deal with this situation, and that's where we are right now. We feel that 37.5% to 38% given the new FX environment I think says a lot about all the work that we've done on the cost side to get there. Just to give you a sense, on a year-over-year basis, when I look at foreign exchange, that has an impact of almost 300 basis points on our margins.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Toni, let me take it. Starting with your comments on the June quarter, I just want to point out that when we talk about a $3.6 billion channel inventory reduction, that is not entirely related to iPhone. iPhone is the vast majority of that, but we did reduce channel inventory on all other products as well. So that probably leads you to different conclusions to the math that you have just expressed. On the September quarter, when I look at the sequential increase for iPhone units that we are expecting, I would say that it is, even with the sell-through adjustments that you've talked about, it's still pretty much in line with what we've seen in the past. As you know, we do not provide guidance for channel inventory. But I would say, in general, I think it's important to keep in mind that if we look around the world, we do see a lot of positive signs, but we also know that the macroeconomic environment is slowing down in a number of places around the world. And that needs to be taken into account in our guidance.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Mark, on the ASP question, I talked about the $595 in Q3. It's down $65 on a year-over-year basis. Keep in mind, about $20 of that $65 is foreign exchange. So during the quarter, we had this combination of starting with no iPhone SE units in channel inventory, so we had to do an at least a partial channel fill that obviously had an impact on ASPs. And then the other element was the fact that we've reduced more than 4 million units of channel inventory on the high end. So the combination of these two things obviously had an impact on ASPs. But I think as I said or Tim said during the prepared remarks, we do expect iPhone ASP to improve sequentially as we move into the September quarter because these two factors that I just mentioned are not going to repeat. On cannibalization, of course we've got limited experience because the phone has been in the market just for a few weeks. But when we look at our survey data on iPhone SE, as Tim was saying, we believe that the iPhone SE is doing exactly what it was intended, which is we are seeing a higher rate of new to iPhone customers, which is obviously very important to us because we bring new people into the iOS ecosystem. And we see a higher rate of previous iPhone owners that really prefer the four-inch form factor. We have not seen clear evidence of cannibalization from iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus. Of course, there's always going to be some level of cannibalization. But really to us what is much more relevant is the much bigger opportunity to bring more people into the iOS ecosystem.
Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc.: Kulbinder, on your question on iPhone ASP, I'm not sure if I understood it correctly. But clearly the iPhone SE has a downward impact on iPhone ASP, of course, because it comes at the low end of the range. From a gross margin perspective, it is slightly dilutive to company margins, but the impact is not particularly large.
