Peter Oppenheimer: Sure. In the March quarter, our gross margin was 37.5%. It was at the low end of our range. We had a few items that on balance resulted in us reporting at the low end. They included mix, in particular, selling more iPads than we had planned, including getting iPad mini into our four- to six-week channel inventory range, some changes in our service policies that required us to make provisions for prior quarter sales, and we had some unfavorable adjustments. As I look forward to the June quarter, we’re guiding gross margin to be down between 50 basis points and 150 basis points sequentially. We see two factors impacting gross margin sequentially. First and the largest of the two is the loss of leverage on sequentially lower revenue; and second, a different product mix. We expect both of these headwinds to be partially offset by better cost in the quarter.Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, and Tim, question for you on China. Growth did slow in that market to single digits this quarter, curious of your perspective as to whether Apple is hitting a wall given you don’t have the largest carrier formally selling your products? And just any thoughts around the stickiness of customers in China given you don’t have an iTunes store there, and data shows that they download fewer apps than in developed countries? Thanks.
Peter Oppenheimer: Sure, Bill, it’s Peter, I’ll take that. We’re going to begin buying shares under the authorization beginning this month. And we expect to utilize the remaining $58 billion under the authorization by the end of calendar year 2015, which spans 32 months from now. We expect to use accelerated share repurchase programs and to buy in the open market.Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Peter Oppenheimer: Toni, we don’t provide margins by product or within product line. But I talked about two factors that were impacting gross margin on a sequential basis. The first is leveraging, that’s largest of the two on the lower sequential revenue. But we also expect to see a different product mix and that’s primarily related to iPhone.Toni M. Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And then…
Peter Oppenheimer: Ben, it’s Peter. I’ll start on that one. It’s been our long-term practice, we’re not providing specific gross margin guidance beyond the June quarter. We don’t do this, because there are many factors that can influence gross margins and a specific quarter and cause them to vary widely over time, including product cycles, commodity markets, product mix, and currencies. So while we don’t want to make a forecast beyond June, let me tell you how we think about gross margin and hopefully this will help. We are managing the business for the long-term and are willing to trade off short-term profit where we see long-term potential. The iPod is a great example of this. When we launched it in 2001, its margins were significantly below the margins of Apple at that time. Four years later, the iPod and the iTunes Music Store comprised half of Apple’s revenues and inspired us to build the iPhone. The iPad mini is another great example. We have priced it aggressively and its margins are significantly below the corporate average. However, we believe deeply in the long-term potential of the tablet market and think that we’ve made a great strategic decision. We’ll only make great products and this precludes us from making cheap products that don’t deliver a great experience. We believe deeply that there are people in every part of the world that want great products. Looking back over the last several years, we’ve made very good business decisions balancing units, revenues, and the bottom line. We think about all three and as I said, we’re willing to make short-term trade-offs and profits, where we see long-term potential. And we’re managing Apple with a very long-term horizon. Some of our revenues and profits occur after we ship our products. We were thrilled to exceed this quarter $4 billion in revenue for our services for the first time. And as Tim mentioned, we will augment our very strong ecosystem with new services and make the current ones even, even better. So we remain very confident in our strategy and we will use our world-class skills in engineering and operations to manage our business well in the future.Ben A. Reitzes – Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, thanks. And Tim, my follow-up just for you, just maybe asking you this every quarter in different ways. But I just wanted to get your reaction to what you thought of the 5-inch phone market at this time versus three months ago? And if anything has changed in your view as to that market and its place in the smartphone world versus your 4-inch product? And that’s it from me.
Peter Oppenheimer: Well, nothing specific, Gene, but we are very fortunate to have the largest and broadest ecosystem in the world. We have App Stores in 155 countries and iTunes Stores in over 110 countries. We have hundreds of millions of users. we’ve just crossed a $16 billion run rate on the iTunes Stores in terms of billings, and just achieved for the first time $4 billion in revenue for our services. So we’re really thrilled with what we’ve just reported this quarter, but we see opportunity that we’re going to invest in tremendously to delight our customers and continue to grow our business in those areas.
Peter Oppenheimer: And Mark this is Peter. I will add that, we are now paying very happily our developers more than $1 billion every quarter.Mark A. Moskowitz – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Tim Cook: Katy, thanks for the question. We actually had our best quarter ever in Greater China. So it was a record for us. The revenue came in at $8.8 billion. That includes our retail stores that are in that region that is up 11% year on year, again that includes the retail stores that are in that region, which is the same as Apple is growing. The highlights for the quarter in China were that iPads grew 138% year-on-year, and we set new records for sell-through both for iPhone and iPad during the quarter. There were some significant year-over-year timing differences with regard to channel inventory relative to iPhone that affected the compares year-over-year. In particular, in the year-ago quarter, we increased iPhone channel inventories globally by $2.6 billion, as you probably recall, $1.6 billion of $2.6 billion occurred in Greater China to support the launches that were in the March quarter of last year. And so, if you look at revenue on a sell-through basis, our Greater China revenue was actually up approximately 18%. And so it’s a bit better than it first looked. As I said, in the year-ago quarter, we launched the iPhone 4S with China Unicom in January and we launched China Telecom in March; this year, the iPhone 5 launched in December. and so it’s a very different set of dynamics on a year-on-year basis. Going forward, we still see a significant opportunity in China, it’s a great market. We have 11 stores there. we expect to double those in less than two years. We have added about 8,000 iPhone point-of-sales in the indirect channel to about 19,000 today and we obviously have a plan to add more and further grow our distribution, December is obviously too low currently. We’re also innovating in our online, with our online store there in adding different functionality to the store. China has a unusually large number of potential first-time smartphone buyers, and that’s not lost on us. We’ve seen a significant interest in iPhone 4 there and have recently made it even more affordable to make it even more attractive to those first-time buyers. and so we’re hopeful that will help iPhone sales in the future.Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Tim Cook: I have incredible confidence. We exited the March quarter with no shortages while achieving inventory turns of over 90, which is still to this day is staggering for our industry. The December quarter that you’re referring to was the largest quarter ever in the history of Apple and the technology industry as a whole. And as you know, it included for us a number of new products and unprecedented number and of new product ramps. The reality is the work we do to produce truly innovative products is very hard and there has always been challenges that I’m sure we’ll face some in the future. However, I would assure you that we are working very closely with our manufacturing partners to execute what we feel is a very exciting roadmap.
Tim Cook: So, Toni, let me try to address, you mentioned both smartphones and tablets and so let me try to address both of those. First let me start with the tablet side, the numbers that we’ve seen from IDC would indicate that they believe the market in March declined by 30% from December, December being obviously seasonally high quarter with a holiday. As you can see from our numbers, we declined 15%. And so if that holds, we did much better than the market and had a very nice pick up in market share. And, obviously, on iPad, we continue to have an ecosystem story that is unparalleled, we have 350,000 apps that are optimized for iPad versus a few hundred for our competition and the overall experience in the fit and finish of the product, I think, we agree is substantially better than the options there. On the phone side, the numbers that you talked about, the sell-in comparisons year-over –year, you really have to convert that to sell-through to look at the underlying demand. And as I’ve gone through before, we did grow channel inventory in the year ago quarter because we were catching up on the roll out of the iPhone 4S, in fact, we grew by 2.6 million. And so you have to factor in to get at the real sell-through. However, I take your point if the market did grow by 30%, we still, after that normalization, we grew less than that. And so I think the question or the – this point is not lost and we do want to grow faster. We don’t view it, however, as the only measure of our health. The things that are very important to us in addition to market share and unit volumes include things like customer stat, which were the highest by far winning J.D. Power’s nine times consecutively and the customer loyalty and repurchase rates, which were the highest by far the 95% according to Kantar. And the ecosystem commerce, which attracts developers is incredible, Canalys says that we have 74%, so basically $3 out of $4 that are spent on apps are spent in our ecosystem. And if you then looked at usage statistics, they are staggering at the usage of iOS versus other operating systems. And so market shares are important and unit volumes are important, but these other things for us are extremely important, because we are all about customer experience and enriching lives. Now, that said, we see an enormous number of first time smartphone buyers coming to market, particularly, in certain countries around the world. And so what we’ve done with that is and we started last quarter is we’ve made the iPhone 4 even more affordable and which has made it more attractive to first time buyers and we caught up on the – our supply - demand towards the late in the quarter last quarter and we are continuing to do that in other markets. And we believe that the phone or the price point that we are offering is an incredible value for people, that allows them to get into the ecosystem with a really, really, phenomenal product.
Tim Cook: Yeah Ben, that’s a good question. My view continues to be that iPhone 5 has the absolute best display in the industry. And we always strive to create the very best display for our customers. And some customers value large screen size, others value also other factors such as resolution, color quality, white balance, brightness, reflectivity, screen longevity, power consumption, portability, compatibility with apps and many things. Our competitors had made some significant trade-offs in many of these areas in order to ship a larger display, we would not ship a larger display iPhone while these trade-offs exist. Ben A. Reitzes – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it.
Tim Cook: I think it’s in its infancy, Gene. I think it’s just getting started and just out of the starting block.
Tim Cook: I think the, Shannon, I think the reason that we were down last quarter, we were down 2% as you had mentioned. The market for PCs are incredibly weak. IDC said that the market for the March quarter was down 14% year-on-year, which is the largest decline that I remember from being in this industry for a long time. At the same time, we sold almost 20 million iPads and it’s certainly true that some of those iPads cannibalized some Macs. I personally don’t think it was a huge number, but do I think it’s some, and I think probably the larger thing at least for the, maybe not so much on the Macs side, but on the PC side, it’s cheaper, probably extending their upgrade cycles. That said, I don’t think this market is a dead market or bad market by any means. I think it has a lot of life to it. We are going to continue to innovate in it. We believe that if anything the huge growth in tablets may wind up benefiting the Mac, because it pushes people to think about the product they’re buying in a different manner and people maybe even more willing to buy a Mac where today than may be buying a PC. And so we’re going to continue making the best personal computers. our strategy is not changing. And we feel really good about it. We delivered some incredible innovation last year with Retina display with the MacBook Pro, an incredible thin and light package and we’ve got some more great stuff plan. So this is an area we’re continuing to invest in.Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC: Okay. And just a follow-up question with regard to the tablet market. We’ve met with some of your competitors recently and they’re starting to talk about wins in the enterprise, and touting the benefits of Microsoft and some of the other OS’s that are out there in terms of security and interoperability in some of the enterprise companies. So I’m curious what you’ve heard from your customers, have you seen much displacement and what are sort of the discussions that you have with enterprise customers with regard to iPads and fitting into their systems? Thanks.
Tim Cook: We seem to be doing really well and Peter had referenced earlier, the Good Technology’s data that says that iOS accounted for 77% of all their activations by their corporate customers. Now that would not include BlackBerry, but it would include all the other guys. and so we seem to be doing really well and honestly, I don’t see the recent announcements changing that at all. I’ve seen more and more people developing more and more custom apps for their businesses on iOS to be used on iPad and we’re very, very bullish on it. As a matter of fact, just to quote you some numbers, iPad now is being used in 95% of the Fortune 500 and what’s even more impressive probably is on the global 500 companies, we’re now in 89%.Shannon S. Cross – Cross Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Cook: We see incredible usage in every study that we see. These aren’t just done by us, as a matter of fact the vast majority of them come from other people. The usage of iOS devices are staggering compared to others. It’s a phenomenal difference. And I think that shows the strength of the ecosystem.Mark A. Moskowitz – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
