Tim Cook: Gene, if you look at the overall worldwide, we grew iPhone 40%. And IDC’s estimate of the market for last quarter is a 16%, so we grew two and a half times. And if you kind of look through at the different countries, in almost every country, we grew at a multiple of the market. And as I mentioned before, in emerging markets, we did extremely well. And so I feel really good about where we are, and you can hopefully tell with the strong guidance that we provided, that we’re very bullish on the current quarter as well. And so I think things look very, very good. We’re also pleased, in addition to the switcher number, that we’re doing fairly well with first time buyers, which is also a key metric for us. And so it’s tough to find something in the numbers not to like.
Tim Cook: Yeah, sure. Our current estimate is that about 20% of the active installed base has upgraded to a 6 or 6 plus. And so as I look at that number, that suggests there’s plenty of upgrade headroom in addition to we want to keep inviting over as many switchers as we can. So between both of those and the first time buyers as well, it seems really, really good right now.
Tim Cook: I’m thrilled with it, Tony, so I don’t want you to read anything I’m saying any way other than that. So I’m not sure how to say that any clearer than that. And in any situation, whether it’s the watch or in the past on iPad or on iPhone, when demand is much greater than supply, it’s difficult to gauge exactly what it is. And so as you know, we don’t make long term forecasts on here. We make forecasts for the current quarter. And so I don’t want to make any comment about the consensus numbers. Honestly, I haven’t even studied those. We’ve got enough to think about here. I feel really great about it. The customer response, literally, from what I’ve seen, is close to 100% positive. And so it’s hard to imagine it being better.
Tim Cook: Tony, we’re not going to guide to or give projections of gross margin outside of the current quarter. And so what we have right now, which is a situation, it’s not surprising to us, we knew we would be here, is that the watch gross margins for the current quarter that we’ve included in the guidance that Luca’s provided in the aggregate, are lower than the company average. And so that to us is intuitive that they would be. And so I think we must be just looking at it through a different lens than you are.
Tim Cook: In the first quarter with any new kind of product, you would always have learning and these sorts of things. We’ve had this with every product we’ve ever done. And so again, we’re not guiding to what it will be over time. We’re talking about what it is now. But you know, I would keep in mind that the functionality of the product that we’re making is absolutely incredible, the power of it. And I haven’t even seen this, but generally, there’s cost breakdowns that come out around our products that are much different than the reality. I’ve never seen one that is anywhere close to being accurate. And so if that’s the basis for your comment, I’d really dig on the data if I were you.
Tim Cook: Yeah, it was an incredible quarter. We were up 71% year over year. We set a record in China for revenues. We did that now in a quarter that included Chinese New Year, and so we have the help of a strong holiday season, much like the U.S. has a strong season in December. China’s is obviously in the March quarter. iPhone led the way. It was up over 70% year on year. And the current estimates from Kantar are that that would mean that we would gain more than 9 points of share on a year over year basis. And so by everything I can see, we did extremely well. The Mac also had an unbelievable quarter in China, and I’m particularly very happy with this, that Mac unit sales were up 31%. And like the rest of the world, or most of the rest of the world, IDC is projecting that PC sales in China contracted by 5% last quarter. And so once again bucking the tide. Also, in China, consistent with the company but at a much different rate, the App Store had a record quarter and grew over 100% year over year. And so you can see the iPhone, the Mac, and the App Store adding, and with the iPad in PRC, not in Greater China, but in the PRC, iPad had its best quarter ever, higher than all the others, and also grew in a market that contracted for the overall market. And so really and truly, it’s sort of everything you look at in China was extremely good. We have been working significantly on expanding our ecosystem there, and so we added Union Pay as a payment option for customers. We increased the iPhone point of sales to over 40,000 during the quarter. That’s up about 9% year on year. And more importantly than the total number, we are in many more cities than we were before. We worked significantly on our online store. Our online store revenue was up over three times year over year. As you probably heard us say before, we’ve opened several stores in China recently. We’re now at 21 in Greater China and we’re on track still to achieve 40 stores by the middle of next year. The online store will also be expanding from around 319 cities to where they can hit two day delivery to 365 cities. So adding about 50 new cities by the end of this quarter. And so the net is we’re investing a lot across the board in our infrastructure, in our products, on partnering with different companies. The Chinese developers are coming on in significant numbers. We’ve now made payments to developers in Greater China of almost $5 billion over half of which was in the last 12 months. And so you can see this enormous momentum building in the developer community there as well. And so lots of positive things, and you know, as you probably heard me say before, I’ve never seen as many people coming into the middle class as they are in China. And that’s where the bulk of our sales are going. And so we’re really proud of the results there and continue to invest in the country.
Tim Cook: Number one, we have to stop having the situations where we sell through more than we sell in, where we don’t have to have an inventory correction. That was over a million units. Two, have we had cannibalization? The answer is yes. We’re clearly seeing cannibalization from iPhone and on the other side, from the Mac. And of course, as I’ve said before, we’ve never worried about that. It is what it is. That will play out, and at some point, it will stabilize. I’m not sure precisely when, but I’m pretty confident that it will. The IBM partnership, I think, is in its early stages in terms of bearing fruit here, but everything I see I like on it. I’m a big believer in the ability for iPad to play in a major way in enterprise. And so I’m looking forward to seeing that play out as we move forward. If you look at the underlying data, it makes you feel a lot better than the sales do. And so things like first time buyer rates, the latest numbers from the U.S. are somewhere around 40%. And if you look at China, they’re almost 70%. And so these numbers are not numbers that you would get if the market were saturated. And so I continue to believe, even though I’ve seen people write that, that I think that theory is not correct, and do not see that. We also see usage numbers that are off the charts, so far above competition it’s not even in the same planet. And we see customer satisfaction at or near 100%. And so these kind of numbers, along with intent to buy numbers, everything looks fantastic, the ecommerce numbers. And so my belief is that as the inventory plays out, as we make some continued investments in our product pipeline, which we’re doing, that we already have planned and have had planned for some time, between that, the inventory playing out, the enterprise starting to take over, I think still I believe the iPad is an extremely good business over the long term. When precisely it begins to grow again I wouldn’t want to predict, but I strongly believe that it will.
Tim Cook: I don’t have the comparisons in front of me, about the answers to either one of your questions. My understanding of what you asked was is the 20% number that I’d mentioned in the question from Gene, how does it compare year over year, is it a lot different? I don’t know the answer to that off the top of my head. As I look at the number, my point from bringing it up is that there’s a lot of people that haven’t upgraded to a 6 and 6 plus. And so as I look at that, it screams that there’s significant opportunity there. And that’s before thinking about switchers and first time buyers.
Tim Cook: Here’s what I would share with you, Keith, is that if you look in the emerging markets, our revenues were up 58% year on year. And this accounted for just slightly less than 40% of the company’s revenue. If you look at BRIC within the emerging markets, BRIC countries were up 64% year over year. And so as I look at that, without having market research data on the demographics that you’re asking, it’s clear to me that it has to be coming from the middle class, because the upper income earners, there’s only so many of those. And you can’t grow those kind of numbers without getting significantly into the middle class. And so I think that’s where we are. I hope we’re also beyond the middle class, but I don’t have the data to suggest that that’s the case or not the case. But it’s clear to me that the middle class statement has to be true.
Tim Cook: First of all, I think it’s about giving the customer something they want and giving to them in Apples classic ease of use and in the product environments and the user interface that they’re used to working in, in this case Apple TV. And so I think HBO in particular has some incredibly great content. And so we’re marrying their great content, our great product and ecosystem, and it’s clear from looking at the early returns - you know, we’ve only been at this for a couple of weeks or so - that there’s a lot of traction in there. And so where could it go? I don’t want to speculate, but you can speculate probably as good as I can about where that can go. I think we’re on the early stages of just major, major changes in media that are going to be really great for consumers, and I think Apple could be a part of that.
Luca Maestri: And Gene, let me take your question on margins. I’ll talk about Q3, because you know, this is the period that we provide guidance for. And we guided to 38.5% to 39.5%, which is slightly down versus our performance in Q2. And this is driven by a number of things. First of all, it’s the loss of leverage from the sequential decline in revenue. This is typical of our seasonality. There’s a foreign exchange element, and I mentioned before the negative impact on a sequential basis about 40 basis points. And also, we’re launching the Apple Watch. Apple Watch is not only a new product, but it’s a brand new category with a lot of new features, a lot of new, innovative technologies. And Apple Watch margins will be lower than company average.
Luca Maestri: The logic has not changed over the years. We look at our business plans, we look at what we want to accomplish from product perspective. We look at the capital needs that we have to run the business and to grow the business. And then we see that we’re in this great position that we can return cash to shareholders. We know Apple very well. We are very excited by the level of customer response that we’ve got for our current portfolio. We’re super confident about the pipeline of products and services that we have, and therefore, we believe that there is great value in our stock. And that is the reason why, again this year, we’re allocating the majority of the increase, which is the largest increase that we’ve ever done, we’re increasing the program by $70 billion. And the vast majority of that we’re allocating to the share repurchase, because again, we believe there’s great value in the stock. We also know, and understand, that we have several investors that value income. And so that’s important for us to increase the dividend. And as we’ve said in the past, we plan to continue to increase the dividend every year. And as we’ve said in the past, we will come back at about this time next year and give you another update to the program, because we will have better information, and we’ll be able to be very thoughtful about the size and the mix and the pace of the program. From a funding standpoint, of course we have a very strong balance sheet. We do have some cash in the U.S. We will continue to generate cash in the U.S., but definitely a good portion of the program will be funded through debt. We will raise debt both in the U.S. and outside of the United States. And you know, of course we’ve got a very, very strong balance sheet. We’ve got a very open dialog with the rating agencies. And so we feel we have a lot of room for us to fund the program. So from a balance sheet standpoint, we feel very, very comfortable with the program that we’ve announced today.
Luca Maestri: Let me tell you, there are a number of reasons why our guidance for gross margins is lower than the actual for the second quarter. The first one is the loss of leverage, because of the sequential decline in revenue. We got the foreign exchange, we got as you said, a lower iPhone mix. And we got the Apple Watch. I think we’ll leave it at that, and we’re not gonna get into more specifics. But those are the four reasons that drive the sequential decline.
