Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. In the fourth quarter, so in the third quarter, it was sort of mid-single-digit millions. In the fourth quarter, it's about the same. So, if you take, we beat by $7 million, it's the majority of that $7 million coming down – bringing the full year down to the midpoint is FX.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. And then, Stephen, on capital allocation, nothing has really changed. I mean our stated leverage range is 3x to 3.5x. You saw us get kind of the top-ish, maybe a little bit higher on a trailing basis to that range when we did the HNA transaction earlier this year. So, we're still thinking about the same things the same way. We'll continue to distribute the lion's share of our free cash flow. You noticed from our prepared remarks that we're keeping the dividend the same, which means that as the EBITDA of the company grows, the amount available for share buybacks will increase accordingly, but nothing has really changed yet strategically.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, I think, Bill, the way to think about it is next – we did bring forward some leverage into this year around the HNA opportunity. So, the trade-off, obviously, is free cash flow. We've got to be careful we're not giving bottom line guidance, but free cash flow, if you just take what we're saying about RevPAR, net unit growth ought to be a little bit higher next year than this year. And then you will have the opportunity as EBITDA grows to re-leverage a little bit, but we brought leverage forward this year around the HNA deal. So, if we were to hit the midpoint of our leverage guidance for next year, it's logical to assume that the amount would be somewhat lower next year than it was this year.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, Robin. I think for the last few weeks, you're still seeing kind of residual – you're seeing continuation of the tougher comps from last year, where the storms and the other weather-related events, particularly in the United States, just generated a lot of business last year that we're still comping over. So, our outlook for the year incorporates a little bit better fourth quarter than third quarter. So, I think you're still seeing some of that show up in the weeklys. And then on the group side, I think, it's about the same, the picture is about the same, it's about half and half between – split pretty evenly between volume and rate in that 3% to 4%.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, that's pretty comparable. I think about a year ago, we were saying mid-single digits and it's coming in sort of 3% to 4%, pretty close as we expected, yeah, sorry I didn't understand the question, Robin.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. I mean, I think, if we want to, we have a significant amount of flexibility and we can pivot quite quickly.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, Chad, I'll take this one, I mean, interesting that there are a bunch of flagship Hiltons in Europe that are part of that portfolio, there also are bunch of hotels in Asia that are part of the portfolio. And even though Japan has a little bit of disruption from a typhoon, the RevPAR growth was still quite strong in Japan and a couple of other places in Asia. So you're seeing some of that sort of filter through that portfolio, but Central Europe, of course, was quite strong in the quarter, which helped. And the trends ought to be really consistent in the fourth quarter. It's a very similar outlook.
Christopher J. Nassetta: We haven't seen, Harry, a whole lot of difference. You can look at our third quarter numbers, then I think rightfully say, well, it looks like it's cooled off a little bit. But I think they're – not to make excuses, I think, scientifically, they're just – there were things going on in Asia that drove that. You had a bunch of typhoons that affect – some affected in China, a meaningful effect in Japan, other sort of one-time events that affected Southeast Asia. So, those are the things, when we look at what happened in the third quarter, were driving it. The basic underlying trends, like much of the world, we think are relatively stable. Having said that, it does appear that China's economy is slowing down, sort of, as I said, we read the papers, I was just in China, we're around the world a lot. And so, when I said our expectation is maybe a tick higher in the U.S., a bit lower driven by Asia and Europe, maybe not being able to keep up quite the pace of growth, some of that – we have certainly built some of that into our thinking. In other words, we would expect China to finish this year sort of in the 11% range as an example. We are assuming something lower than that next year honestly. I think, it's 8% or 9% from a budgeting point of view, just to put it in context to be reflective of the fact that even though we haven't seen any meaningful trend other than sort of the impact I told you in third quarter, we haven't seen an underlying weakness. The reality is that the economy is going to slow in China, there should be some knock-on effects. So we've tried to reflect that in the numbers for Asia Pacific, largely driven by what I talked about in China. And same in Europe, Europe is having a really good year. And the expectation is it's just – to a degree, we're early but we have a great group position et cetera, but group is not nearly as much of the business over there. I think just to be a bit conservative, if you will, we've assumed that we won't have quite the growth rate. So, we've tried to reflect that in, but in terms of like have we seen real signs of like sort of global slowdown in the core parts of the business, we have not seen that. We are trying to be thoughtful and reasonably conservative about looking into next year to incorporate some of those views, but we have not real-time seen it.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think that they're right until they're wrong. I know that's not the answer you want. I mean, here is the thing. When we're talking to our – the meeting planners and on the group side, you heard we have a lot of optimism because the numbers suggest we should. I said on the corporate side, special corporates, by the way that's only 10% of the business, so keep it in perspective. But it's a good sideline into the psychology of some of the biggest companies we deal with. All those are positive. I mean, not everybody is created equal but broadly people say they're going to travel more for business and for meetings and they know they're going to pay more and they're willing to pay more. And they're willing to pay more at an increasing rate as compared to what they would have said a year ago. So, again, I don't want to be Pollyanna, but I think all of that's positive and I think all of those judgments are based on the fact that people think that the global economy, the U.S. economy in the case of U.S.-centric companies are just going to hang in there and keep chugging along, which is, obviously, what is built into the assumptions of our guidance. But the conversations have been quite positive, I mean, not racing to the stars but incrementally more positive than when I was sitting here a year ago. It would be hard to say it in any other way.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Not really. I mean, I think, why I talked about one of the supporting factors in the macro side on the fundamentals was supply is going down in the U.S., okay? So it stands to reason that it's getting – if that's happening, it's getting harder for everybody to get deals done in the U.S. Thankfully we fight it twice, we're 11-and-change of the market in the U.S. and we have 25% of the rooms under construction or something like that. So when we fight way over our weight, but I would say the trend line continues in the sense that it's getting – we're getting more than our fair share, but it's getting harder to get deals done. So, even though we will hit a record in signings in the world this year, another one off the record of last year, signings in the U.S. will go down a little bit, starts will go down a little bit, NUG will go down a little bit because it's getting harder to get deals done. So it's not getting – I mean, incrementally it's not getting – since the last quarter I don't think it's dramatically or materially different, but it's definitely harder, why? Inflation is picking up, cost of labor is going up, cost to build projects is going up. We think by the end of the year, it'll be sort of a 10% increase in the cost to build. While you're not seeing incredible turn of the wheel and tightening of credit, it's just a little bit tighter, a little bit harder to get things done. Interest rates are a little – are moving a little bit in the wrong direction. So, all of that adds up to – it makes it harder in the U.S. and that's why you see supply going down. And I think you'll keep seeing supply go down because it takes a long time for that cycle to reverse. I would be remiss in not making the following statement. The great news is the reason we're signing record deals and we're going to have a record delivery of NUG this year and it's going to go up, again, next year is because the world is a big place. And we've anticipated the ebbs and flows and allocated our resources appropriately around the world. And so while one market is slowing, in this case the U.S., other markets are picking up. So Asia Pacific continues to pick up. Frankly, all of our international markets continue to pick up. And we continue to get better and better at what we do at sort of building relationships and deploying our brands in intelligent ways to keep our growth going, so that's how we can add more net rooms next year and hit another record than we did this year, notwithstanding the fact that the U.S. market is slowing. And I think we'll continue to be in a slowing pattern until you have – until the whole sort of system resets itself.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, no, the short answer is no. The filters have always been – for the 11 years I've been here, the filters have literally remained the same. Does something really work well strategically in terms of brands and our brand portfolio versus what we can do on our own and does it – can we do it in a way that's really accretive to value? And as we filtered and I say it all the time, we look at almost everything, everything to-date that we have filtered through that, those lenses, really has not made sense versus what we're doing like launching Motto by Hilton just yesterday, where we think we can do it better than anything out there and we can do it exactly the way the customer wants it and create more organic growth without having to buy growth. So, we keep making that decision because I think it's been the right decision. I always end this M&A discussion with never say never. I'm not saying that something wouldn't pass through that filtration system. It hasn't to-date and our philosophy remains exactly what it has been.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I'll take the first and give Kevin the second. The competitive environment, I'd say, did not change in any material way. I mean, in the U.S. when there is less getting done, deals get a little bit harder to do. Reality is, as I said, we fight way over our weight because we have the highest market share brands and the highest average market share. That doesn't mean we don't compete. On occasion – sometimes we don't but on occasion we do. So, I would say in a minor way, I'd say the deal terms in the U.S. have gotten incrementally tougher but not in any material way. Around the rest of the world, really no change, things sort of click along as usual, so I'd say not much to talk about there. Kevin, on capital allocation.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, good question. I expect that conversion activity will accelerate more. I would say what we've seen technically so far is a minor acceleration, not much of a uptick. I think when we finish the year, we'll probably do in 2018 about 20% of our NUG will be conversions. I think, ultimately depending on what goes on, this is sort of countercyclical, when things gets tough, conversion activity picks up. We've seen a little bit of an uptick this year. We're not expecting, given our outlook for next year, to see a whole heck of a lot of uptick because we think next year is going to be another pretty good year. Eventually when a business cycle turns, I think you would see those numbers go up. But what's built into our expectations for our 6% to 7% is a comparable percentage of conversions, which is about 20%. We have almost never delivered less than that and we have more tools and more weapons in the arsenal in the sense that in the old days, we had really one conversion brand in DoubleTree. Now we have Tapestry, Curio, soon soft luxury brand that is coming in addition to DoubleTree and other brands, but those will be the brands where you find the bulk of it. So, we will eventually see the numbers tick up, I don't think real soon built into next year as a comparable level to this year. So, a lot of next year, when you boil it down with that gap having to, obviously, be filled, a lot of next year is in the bank in the sense that the 80% of it is under construction. I mean, it may move a month or two here or there, but it's in process.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, we've been running like 19% to 25%. I mean, coming out of the Great Recession on a much smaller base and the Great Recession, obviously, was a very big countercyclical opportunity, where there was a lot of fear in the markets. I mean we maxed out in the high 30s. I think, I wouldn't expect that we would get to that level again but we've been sort of running around this level. So, I don't feel like this is certainly – it doesn't feel like it's a big pull to us. My development team, of course, knows they've got to do a lot of work, so if they're listening, I don't want them to think otherwise. But this is something we have typically been able to deliver with a fair amount of ease.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think we're looking at – last year we were looking at like 1-ish, you could argue 1% to 2%, but I think it really ended up in the low 1s. We thought 1% to 2%. It ended up closer to 1% than 2%. Right now, it looks like 2% to 3%. I mean, I talked to the teams yesterday to get the latest and greatest update. And it feels to them like 2% to 3%. Now, again, it's 10% of the business, but obviously a good indicator.
Christopher J. Nassetta: So it's broad-based. There's not like one industry group driving it or, frankly, one region, although the bulk of our group business ultimately is in the U.S. It is broad-based. It's up, I would say, in the close to 8% range. Now, we, being perfectly objective and as scientific as we can be, we believe some of that has to do with commission policies. We do believe that as we look into next year. Now, the business is going to show up, so it's going to be good for the business but we do believe, as a result of the change in the commission policies, that we advance some amount of bookings and we think that probably means that the real position is 8% to 9%, we think, when you sort of back out the commission effect, it's still very easily 5% to 6% up, which we feel good about. And it's basically split pretty evenly between – I was just looking at this yesterday as well, it's basically split pretty equally between volume and rate.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think that's what you're seeing kind of broadly across the industry and I think it's a combination of things. Yes, more of the supply growth. Even the supply growth is low and it's going down, you certainly have seen more of the supply growth in those segments, which, I think, is probably the largest contributor. We have some other specific things going on if you look at it. But, I mean, in terms of renovation work going on like in the Hampton brand, I think, 25% of the brand is under renovation at the moment and that has some impact. But even with that, the Hampton brand has grown market share. So, it is still outperforming the market. I think broadly in terms of why is that segment in the market is underperforming is to do with the incremental supply in that area, which will be diminishing.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I think next year, Patrick, probably about the same as this year on the labor side. Probably 3% to 4% all-in wages and benefits, which is, I think, about the same as this year.
Christopher J. Nassetta: So, that is the system-wide same-store. What I was trying to do is make sure that we're being honest about trying to filter out the impact of anything we thought that was a result of bookings being advanced because of our change in commission policy. Now admittedly, Pat, that's – I mean, we're trying to apply science to it, it isn't going to be perfect science, we look at what we're doing through intermediaries versus what we're doing in direct bookings to sort of arrive at an equation that tell us where we think we'd be. Mid-single digits, 5% or 6% is where we think we feel confident without any changes in commission policy we would've been, which is not too terribly – as Kevin point out, not too terribly different than where we were at this time last year. That's why we think delivering 3% to 4% next year when we finish the year in group growth is reasonable.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't think a lot of variability. Obviously, we're not going to comment on negotiations going on with the unions, which are ongoing. We have a good relationship with the unions and they've been sorting through market by market deals. I think that we will end up in those ranges regardless of where those deals turn out. Remember also that in our case, it's a little less than a third of our workforce is in organized format, so two thirds of it is outside of that. When you blend it together, we had, in Kevin's number, he's – in that range, he's...
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. I'm happy, thank you for the question. I'm glad we got a question on our new brand. It seems like people ask about our new brands every call and now we launch one and nobody wants to talk about it but happy to talk about it. We're very excited about Motto by Hilton. And we are, of course, as we would do with all our brands and you're right to point out, look, that we went to our most important Hampton owners largely and gave them the opportunity on Tru. Doing a very similar – we have a very similar approach with Motto always because our existing owner base has been very loyal to us and we want to be loyal to them. So, not only are we going to them as the first shot out of the blocks to, say, hey, do you want to work with us on this, but there has been a cadre of them that have been very involved in the development of the brand. Let me put it in (50:18). We're always talking to customers and doing focus groups as we design these brands and figure out how to make them tick the right way, so that they'll appeal to customers but we are also working very closely with owners to make sure that we're engineering the cost to build and the cost to operate in a way that they'll deliver returns that work for owners. Otherwise, we'll have a great thing for a customer, but we will have no hotels for the customer to stay in. So it's very much sort of a dual process. And so we brought a great cadre of owners that we worked with around the world and to be part of that process. And they are very excited about it and so not surprisingly the first deal, many of the first deals we're doing are with existing owners, not all but many of those deals are. We have essentially, I think, we have six deals I mean these are more complicated than Tru's given that they are urban and by the very nature of what it is, it's a little bit longer gestation period and higher degree of complexity. We have about a half a dozen deals done. I would say, based just on the conversations I've been having including yesterday where we've had a huge group of owners in for the launch here at our Innovation Gallery, we probably have another 20 deals sort of cooking, and ultimately, Tru will be thousands of hotels, okay. Tru will be the biggest brand we have just because of the price point it's at. Motto will be very big, but as I said in my prepared remarks, it's hundreds of hotels. So I think we're off to a great start. It's a wonderful way for us to better serve our existing customer base. Even more importantly, it's a great customer acquisition, so it's great product that we can attract customers that have heretofore not been able to stay with us that want to be in an urban environment and adventurous and they need a product at a price point they can afford whether they are young, in middle-aged or old that this is where they want to be and this is a product now that we are putting out there that we think will make it much more affordable for them to stay with us. And when they stay with us we have a pretty good track record of getting them to try other things with us. So we're very excited about it. Again, these are more complicated urban deals they take longer to sort of pull together. But I think you'll see that we'll very quickly get the pipeline into the dozens of hotels and I think we'll start bringing it to life and reality. Hopefully, next year you will be able to take on a tour of the first Motto.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, the ratio is good what we saw in the third quarter it generally tracks year-to-date, but third quarter number is, we were growing our direct channel share and the OTAs were flat. So that – and that's before we essentially started the latest big push on our campaign of direct book that started rolling at the end of the quarter. So the trends are what we want to see, which again is not that we're not going to or don't want to work with the OTAs, we do, we just want to work with them in the right times, in the right ways at the right price. And we want to more and more to have a direct relationship as much as we can and that's what we're seeing happen in our channel mix, more growth in direct, our direct channels particularly our web direct channels, and third quarter flat on OTAs.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. Our Plateno deal is going really, really well. I think, at this point, Jill and Kevin can fact-check me, I think we've done 250 deals-ish. I think we have opened 50. I think we expect to open like 20 more by the end of the year. I think we're hoping that we have about 70 opened and I think we expect to open 100 next year. So it's moving at a great pace. It's having the impact that we want, which is building our network effect in China in secondary and tertiary cities with what is a great product, with a great partner. Importantly, because if we don't deliver results, people, as I say, stop building us hotels. The performance of the hotels is really, really strong in terms of the returns that our partners are getting on these deals. So we feel very good about it and think it's going to keep cranking. If you think about what's going on in China, I've said this many times, not dissimilar from other parts of the world, the mid-market is where you're going to see the bulk of the growth, just because the phenomenon of middle class growth at a very high rate, middle class can afford mid-market type brands. And that's why we were so interested to get in with Hampton with a partner to try and build that network as fast as we could and it's working.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, it hasn't. We maintain a great relationship. We are in constant dialogue with them about a whole bunch of different things, including the Hampton relationship. I think it's the one that they are very positive about and, if anything, interested in speeding it up, as are we, not in any way changing it or slowing it down.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, that's a good and important question in the sense that we, if I think about how I allocate my time relative to the size of the business, I allocate disproportionate amount of time to luxury for a couple of reasons. One, it's hard. The deals are complicated and difficult, not many of them get done around the world. And it's important. It's important because, even though in the end I don't think luxury is going to be a whopping component of our bottom line EBITDA and free cash flow, it's important as a halo effect for our loyalty system and for our most loyal customer who want to be able to travel the road and be the road warrior and ultimately aspire to hit the Conrad in the Maldives or the Waldorf in the Maldives or the Waldorf in Bangkok, resorts and luxury hotels. Whether they use it or not, they want to dream about using it and so it is important and we spend a lot of time on it. We started standing still 11 years ago. We pretty much had nothing really going on in luxury, a handful of assets you would call luxury. If you fast forward to today, we've worked very diligently with great discipline over time grinding it out organically. And today, with Conrad and Waldorf alone, and I'll talk about other things we're going to do, we have over 100 hotels open or in the pipeline. And that's with having taken some properties out that really don't fit the bill. There is probably a few more of those that over time have to happen, but the net of that will be more adding. The net unit growth in luxury will be positive because we have so many good things going on. And if you think of about where we've been adding them in Beverly Hills, in Shanghai, in Beijing, in Amsterdam, our deal in London, just announced deal in Miami, another important one coming in the United States and I could go on and on. I think we're making a tremendous amount of progress. We've got 64 open. We've got 38 in the pipeline for both brands. And these are really word class luxury assets that are resonating unbelievably well with our customers. That's why we're having such great growth – part of the reason we are having great growth in Honors, more Honors occupancy. All of this is connected together. We have a couple other pistons that will start firing, one soon, the other probably in the next year or two. The one soon is soft luxury. Again, it's not going to be hundreds of hotels. I guess it could be over time. But it will certainly add to the luxury side of business. And then we will eventually do luxury lifestyle. We have chosen not to do it because of other opportunities. And we can only do so much at one time, but ultimately, we will have a luxury lifestyle brand as well. And those two incremental brands, I think, will take what is already a very good story with Waldorf and Conrad and growth and quality of the properties and size of the system and add to it. If you said to me like in a perfect word, you could just go out tomorrow and fix it, if I could have done that 11 years ago, it would have been a lot easier, but it's not. The practical reality is it's not really possible, because back to my comments on M&A, the things that you could make available don't really funnel through our filtration system. They either have their own problems as a brand or the economics of it would be such that you would destroy a lot of value and so, while we've looked at lots of things, honestly, none of them have made sense. And we are quite confident, I underline confident particularly today after 11 years of hard work and we have really good trajectory on luxury that we're going to a good place that we have enough scale and presence. It is not only not holding us back but look at the overall network effect we've created. We've got highest average market share across all of our brands of anybody in the industry. So here's the thing, it's working. We got to keep it working, which is what we get paid to do and we will but it's working. And so we will keep grinding it out. And five and 10, not even, over the next three or four years, you'll continue to see some really important hotels and advances in the upper end of the business for us.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think it's a pretty important segment. I think it's big but it's not gargantuan in the sense that it's only really applicable at the moment in certain micro markets around the world. So I think it's important when we talked to our – the reason we did the deal with Playa because they're very good at it. And we've had a long relationship there and I've had a long relationship with Bruce. We did a lot of work with our customer base and they said this is something that we want. Again, it wasn't overwhelming like every customer – but there was enough of our customer base that said they wanted it and you can do it enough places with high quality product that we thought it was important to do. Whether you do it across a bunch of different price points, I think that's unclear, I mean, I think it's all resorts sort of in the upper upscale, could you go upscale. Possibly at the moment we are really focused more on the upper upscale. We do think there are a bunch of other markets that we are not in that we could do it and I do think it's a decent size opportunity but not, as I said, not a gargantuan opportunity. And we will look – currently, we are doing it with sort of as an extension of our core brand at the moment Hilton. We will look at whether as we get into it, if we think there is enough opportunity to sort of create effectively its own presence, create a independent or an extension of the Hilton with a real brand name to it as opposed to just being part of the Hilton system, but it's premature for us to judge that. We are very pleased with where we are. We think it makes, it adds to our growth, it adds to our profitability and it's one more weapon in our arsenal to please a certain segment of our customers who want to stay there and earn points. And importantly they want to redeem at certain types of resorts and the all-inclusive environment is an environment that enough of our customer says they want that we thought it was important that we were present.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Thank you, everybody. We went a little over time. Appreciate everybody sticking with us. We look forward to catching up with you to discuss the end of the year and give a little bit more detail on what we think is going to happen next year on the bottom line on our next call. Hope everybody has a great day. Thanks.
