Chris Nassetta: Yes. Yes, last quarter, we gave a broad range of five to six, which we felt good about, but a broader range for obvious reasons, we were middle of the year, and there was a lot of year left and thus a lot of time to see what was going to happen in signings and starts and success with conversions and the like. And so -- as you saw from what we just reported on in Kevin's and my comments, we continue to have great success in the third quarter and that's continued in the fourth quarter. As I said in my prepared comments, we're going to have a record year by double-digit percentage on signings. While starts aren't quite back to where they were, they're getting close to being back to where they were. We obviously have an elevated level of conversions from what we've seen in recent years at 30%, which we think is going to continue with across a broad range of brands and of course, including the addition of Spark. And so the confidence we have is at this point in the year, we have a very granular model. This is -- we always have a model, but in the middle of the year, by definition, we just don't have as much information. Now, as I said in my comments quite briefly, we have identified -- a lot of what we're going to deliver next year is identified. Obviously, we have a bunch of conversions that we'll do in the year for the year, but we have a lot -- we've had a lot of success there. And so the confidence is ground up region-by-region, hotel-by-hotel with some, we think, reasonably conservative assumptions for what we'll be able to execute on given the momentum we have in conversions, this is where we end up is 5.5 to 6. And so we wouldn't say it if we didn't believe it and it is a plan that is based on the underlying momentum and things that are largely in production. As I looked at it, I know we get questions all the time about when are you going to get back to six to seven, and we obviously -- and I said in my prepared comments, I have every confidence we will. I think it's possible next year if a few things go our way. I think we could be at the bottom end of that range. But we're still in October 2023. So we're going to take it one step at a time. We refined it. We feel really good about 5.5 to 6, next time we talk, we'll ever find it even more. And as I said, a few things go our way. Honestly, when I look at all of the data in a granular way, I think there's probably more upside potential than downside risk at this point.
Chris Nassetta: No, I would say every region is a little different. I don't have a hard stat in my head. I'll give you sort of a directional answer. I mean with limited service in the pipeline generally in the pipeline a couple of years, full service, I would say, on the order of three or four years, but it could vary greatly depending on what region of the world you're in. But I think directionally, those are -- if I average it all together, those are pretty good. And I would say what happened during COVID is that extended out a great deal because everything stopped and slowed down and then you have the supply chain issues even after things got moving again, we reopened. You have the supply chain things that slowed things down. That has now come back down to being closer to where we were, but still a little bit more extended than where we were. And I think that has a lot to do with just in a lot of parts of the world, what Kevin just said. It's just a little harder to get things done. And so it's taking a little bit longer. People are getting financed, but if they had five projects they wanted to start, they're maybe getting two or three of those finance and it's taking a little bit longer. So I think there is a little bit longer gestation period. Now when 30% of the deliveries are conversions, obviously, that's a super short gestation period from pipeline into NUG. And so that's helping -- if you take it on average, I would say, with an increase of conversions relative to being in the low 20s right before we were in COVID. I would say the gestation period, the time and pipeline is about the same. Again, I'm doing sort of quick and dirty math in my head. But if you just look at pure new construction, it's a little bit -- it's still a touch longer than it had been. And again, we sort of like not to repeat myself, we factored all of that in, meaning we know we have a team that is on the ground everywhere in the world, working with all of our owners on every project that's under construction and what we think we're going to deliver next year other than the end of the year for the year, which are largely obviously conversions at this point. Those are projects. They're on the ground, they're being -- they're under construction, and we have rational time lines for when we think that those will deliver.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. We do get a bunch of questions periodically on like fees per room and they're going up and going down. I mean that's the reason we put it in there. And we'll give you a lot more granularity on that on March 19 of next year when we do a full day or a good part of a day talking about it. But we just -- we put it in there because we wanted to -- we get the question enough. I wanted to publicly how we think about it. I mean, we described years ago when we had our last Analyst Day sort of an algorithm that had same-store growth, new unit growth with leverage associated with fee -- license fee increases and that, that would ultimately give us same-store fee growth or fee growth that would be greater than the combination of those two. And that is the condition that exists today. That's what we see in the business today that as we model the business going forward, we believe that will continue as we look at the models. Why? Because of the things that are happy. We're getting same store. We're adding units, and we continue to see our license fee rates go up as we renew contracts. We have 5% of the system that's sort of on average rolling out every year and getting mark-to-market. And we're moving our -- on a bunch of brands. We're moving our license fees up. So when you factor for all of that, that's how you get it on our -- in our core RevPAR base. And then our non-RevPAR base fees as I think we've said a bunch of times, we're having great success. There's a bunch of different pieces of that. The two biggest pieces of it are our credit card, co-brand business and our HGVC HCV business, both of which we think, over time, will grow at higher than algorithm on average. And so when you put all that together, those are our fees. And that's why our fees, we believe, will be growing greater than sort of RevPAR plus NUG. And that obviously then translates if you just do simple math when you look at fees per room and you add RevPAR growth into that equation and you model it out over time, it's sort of hard if you make those assumptions not to fees per room go up. So people ask us that. We think -- I think the math is pretty easy. That's why we put it in there is just to sort of marker out there. Again, we'll give -- we're going to have -- the reason we want to have an Analyst Day is to do a bunch of different things, but that will be one of them to give everybody a little bit more granularity. But -- and an abundance of sort of transparency, we obviously always have our business model and we think the math -- the arithmetic is pretty straightforward and obviously compelling.
Chris Nassetta: I would say, built in, I said this is a very granular for next year, it's a very granular analysis. So it's all in production or conversion. So I would say we do think -- the environment is not great, but not bad. I mean things are getting financed. Actually, in a really tough environment, as Kevin implied, we end up taking share. So, we're getting more -- much more than our fair share of the development opportunities. Why? I mean, I'm obviously partial, but I think if you talk to a broad base of owners, I would say because our brands perform better. Our market share is the highest in the industry. And if they're only going to do a few deals. They want to do them and get the highest returns, and so they go to the brands that are going to deliver their best performance. So, I mean, it's clearly it's still a challenging financing environment, although open and slow. We haven't made any big assumption to get to these NUG numbers for next year that something changes wildly. We think it's sort of going to my guess is it will matriculate and get a little bit better because there's a chance at some point next year, rates will come down things. So, we haven't really made that assumption, as I said, because we -- what's going to happen next year is largely in production. But we do think as has been happening this year and for a number of years that we will continue to take share. And we do believe and built into this is that on conversions, again, I said I think we'll be 30 this year. I think we'll be about 30 next year too that we are going to get more than our fair share of conversions. And we have enough momentum that I have the confidence to feel good about giving you the range and outcomes on that basis. And my guess is, as I said, if a few things go our way, we might be able to outperform that we've really definitely hit an inflection point of view. If you really think about the inflection point, it was sort of the second half of last year, you started to see the momentum shift and things bottom out in terms of signings and starts. And I kept saying this to people. I know everybody has been nervous, they're not -- for good reason. But you could -- we can just see like the rack moving through the SNC [ph] so to speak, starting the second half of last year, and now you're starting to see it produce. Third quarter is up a little. You'll see the fourth quarter, we're going to have a very large delivery quarter. And our belief, just given, again, what we know is in production is you've hit a real point of inflection and you're on the way back up. So that's a lot to unpack. I think the core answer is there is no broad assumption of like the world improving from the standpoint of development and financing in any material way from where we are here.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. Thanks, Smedes for the question. I think you may be conflating two different comments. Group is way up 18%, group business on the books for next year. The 85%, I was talking about SMEs was business transient. It does turn out by coincidence that 85% of our group business is small and medium groups, but that's a total coincidence. And 15% of it is sort of large, I'd say, 300-room plus groups. As we look at next -- as you look at sort of implied, I think, in some of the comments I've already made or in the prepared comments, what's going to happen next year is that it will start. I still think group business has always been dominated by just like business travel, business transient by small and medium groups. But you will see the return of the mega groups that started in the second half of this year. It takes a long time to plan these things and think about it last year. Nobody wanted to commit them much because they didn't know we were still in the open close, open close. They got to spend millions of dollars planning these events, they can't get out of them, there's penalties and everything else. So, people waited a long time, and then it takes -- then they got to get a space and it's getting much, much harder to get space for these city-wides and the big groups. So that just takes time. I think it will shift next year not radically, but I think you will see a decent shift to an orientation to the large groups because they have a huge amount of pent-up demand that needs to be satiated. And so that's going to start happening next year. My guess is you'll see a big surge in it, it will shift the stats around. Over time, I think it's probably like -- I don't have a hard data point, but sort of directionally having done this a long time. I think it's like 80-20, something like that more normally. And so I think next year, you're going to get -- you're going to get more of that instead of 85%, 15%, you're going to see the bigger groups take a leap up in the short to intermediate term to get to a more normal environment. But we're seeing sort of underneath the question, I assume, is what are we seeing in strength from small, medium, big, whatever. We're seeing -- if we sat in this very room with our sales team as we do every quarter and went through it all. We're seeing strength in everything. Group is just off the hook, strong tons of demand, peak groups or lead times are lengthening because the obvious, right? Now everything -- there's not been a lot of group hotels that have been built in this country for essentially 20 years. And so you have all this demand, you have fewer places to go. So, groups have to start planning further in advance and booking much, much further out. And so -- the demand is very good. We've not seen -- notwithstanding a lot of noise in the environment about like where is the economy going and the like for next year. It's not -- we've not seen any real impact in terms of group demand at this point to the contrary. Our teams are saying they're doing everything they can to keep up with demand.
Chris Nassetta: It's a great question, I wish I had a great answer. Every year sort of widely different I would say less than half, it's not nothing, but a lot of the work gets done in the year. But I would say, if I had to guess that it half, maybe a bit less would be 40% to 50% would be on the books one way or another or maybe not in -- it wouldn't be in the pipeline, but it would be in some form of negotiation. I would say 40% to 50% would be in some form of negotiation.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. We feel pretty good about it. I mean we're in the -- just getting into the thick of it. We're never near done. Keeping in mind, it's a relatively small part at this point of the business. This is like 6% of our business given that we have really pushed hard on the SME side of the business, and that's 85% of the business. So when you whittle it down, it's about 6% of the business. But we think at this point, when you add it all together, the fixed and the dynamic, most of our pricing is dynamic at this point. It's probably in the upper single-digits.
Chris Nassetta: I think it will be -- I mean, I think it will be reasonably balanced between the US and Rest of World, maybe a smidge lower in the US than Rest of World, but not too terribly different, at least based on what we're seeing now. And then for Rest of World, I think we see positive growth everywhere, by the way. We don't see a region where we will not have growth. We're in the middle of budget season, so it's slightly premature to judge exactly where it will be. But if you said to me, where do we think it would be recognizing we're early in the process. I would say low to mid-single-digit global RevPAR growth. And we'll, obviously, on the next call, we'll give you a refined view when we have finished the whole process. But again, I would think that would be Rest of World a little bit higher, US, not too terribly different, and the one that would lead the pack again would be Asia-Pacific for a bunch of reasons, most notably China, which, if you recall, just in terms of comps, China did open up and is now doing really well, but the first part of this year was not. So, you will have a very strong start given everything that's happening in China in the business, which there's a lot of noise about China in their economy. But from a travel tourism point of view, in China, it's very, very strong now. We think that will carry into the beginning of the year, and then you'll have some easy comps. So, we think from a pure what will RevPAR year-over-year growth point of view, where would the regions be, I would say, China and thus, APAC will lead the charge. But they're going to - I would say, given we think it will probably be in the low to mid-single-digits, they're going to converge a little bit more. And now the world because China is open, is all -- you're getting out of sort of these COVID comp issues and you're getting almost to sort of a normalized world where you have comps where everybody was open from COVID other than, as I say, the first part of the year in China, the first part of 2024 comparability issue.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean, I said in the prepared comments that in Q3, we actually were only 200 basis points off. And in September, we were only 100. So I think we're going to exit this year getting closer and closer to prior levels of occupancy for the industry, but at least for Hilton. I think as we get into next year, particularly as we're able to build the group base, which is if you really look at what's happening and you're getting midweek business back, leisure is obviously still strong, weekends are still stronger than they were. What's really happened, particularly in a lot of the big cities in the US is you don't have the group base back. Well, you've seen recovery, you don't have that big group base to leverage the rest of the business off of. And as already commented, we think you're going to have a really robust group year just given where bookings are right now that then is, I think, sort of the last leg of the stool allowing you to get back to occupancy levels comparable to 2019. So, I suspect next year, we will -- as that -- as you go through the year and you get that group base back, I think the rest of the segments feel very good. I mean, I know everybody wants to say, nobody is going to travel for business, but that's just that people are traveling like crazy, look around and the makeup of there's some industries technology and financial services that haven't rebounded as much and have issues like over hiring and then reduction in workforce and all that. But again, the bulk of it is driven by SMEs and they're traveling more than they were. And most of the corporates and even those corporates the people they still do have are traveling more. So I don't -- I do not -- I do believe we will get back to prior levels of occupancy. I think it will happen next year. I think we're getting -- we're not quite there, but we're getting close. I think next year, as you think about the split between rate and occupancy, it's a little early, but I would say it's probably a pretty balanced equation as between the two next year. I mean, certainly, it's early look.
Chris Nassetta: Let me -- I'll maybe tackle both Kevin can jump in. On Country Garden, it is not a huge component of our overall pipeline yet in China. And so I don't feel like there's any risk. And certainly, the guidance we're giving you on NUG anticipates what we think conservatively will happen there. Having said, Country Garden obviously has a lot of issues, but this venture is a totally separate entity apart from their residential business. They remain very committed to it. They have very rigorous milestones that they have to meet in order to keep the exclusivity with Home2. And if they don't, we have all sorts of options that we could move forward on doing it ourselves, et cetera, et cetera. So, Home2 is very well received by the Chinese customer and very well received by the owner community recognizing Country Garden is not building any of these. This is a MOA, where we're going out with them, and these are franchisees that are doing it, and it's not their money. It's individual property owners, developers in all these little regions of China. And so it's not a capital drain for them. They like it. It's profitable, and I think they'll stick with it. If they don't, ultimately, we have all sorts of mechanisms. If they don't meet the milestones, it's not like we have to wait very long. I suspect they will -- what they're saying to me and to us is they remain very committed to it. So I think we -- I think it's fine. I think come to the key ingredient to it is super popular, super profitable on the ones that we've opened up in the development community just like I love Home2 in the US, the development community in China loves it. So that means that we're going to get a bunch of Home2s done. Hopefully, it's with them. If it's not, we'll do it ourselves. On the deal we talked about without naming it, we're not going to name it, we would have named it if we could. So we're not going to comment on specific deals and individual key money. The way to think about it broadly is on big, complicated city center, full service or luxury, those are the deals that end up drawing -- I mean being most of the key money we spend. As Kevin said, less than 10% of our deals and our pipeline by number have any form of balance sheet support. And disproportionately, it's those kinds of deals, they're more competitive, they're more strategic in certain locations where we may have lesser density of distribution where it's really important to us. And in every single case, we are making money. I mean, we are never giving key money, and I'm not going to comment on individual deals. We're never giving key money that doesn't have us make -- creating value in a contract that is significantly higher than the key money contribution. Obviously, that's -- we're a for-profit business. We just don't approach it that way. So every deal is profitable and 90%-plus of them are infinitely profitable because we put nothing into.
Chris Nassetta: Thanks, everybody, for the time today. Obviously, very pleased with Q3, but more importantly, pleased with the momentum we have going into the fourth quarter, I feel pretty good about next year. We'll get back to you on exactly what we think as we get through our budget process. But given the macro view of what next year is going to be like and the pent-up demand, particularly in group, but also in business travel, we feel very good about it. And obviously, we talked a lot about NUG today. We tried to give you a much more granular view of that. We feel good that we've hit a point of inflection and we're on the road to getting back to our 6% to 7% growth rate. So we got a busy end of the year to make all that happen and get set up for next year. We'll get back to it, and we'll look forward to getting back with you after the year is over.
Kevin Jacobs: And then Shaun -- just to circle back to the US, I think, look, the story, I mean, you've heard the story about things are a little bit more stressed with financing costs. But I think the story around if you are financed and you're entitled and you're ready to go and you want to build a hotel, you're better off getting underway than leaving that asset as a non-performing asset. And I think that you think about that being fueled also by the fundamental environment where people are optimistic about growth, capacity additions are going to be constrained. We continue to take share. And so I think it's a good story in the US as well.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. So, Stephen, first of all, I'd say our overall approach to key money has been very consistent the entire time we've been here. We still have less than 10% of our deals that have any key money associated with them. I think you have to recognize that in a more competitive environment for conversions, those tend to be get a little bit more competitive and a little bit more expensive. But this year, what I would say is it's just we happen to have one -- we upped our guidance for overall CapEx, I should point out that, that's not key money guidance. That's overall CapEx guidance. We upped our guidance. We've been fortunate to win a few relatively large deals at the higher end of the business where they get a little bit more expensive in the fourth quarter. And we had one big deal, as we've told you about that carried over. It really was a last year deal, but didn't end up closing until this year, which caused last year to be lighter this year to be a little bit heavier. If you look at a three-year average we're sort of south of $250 million of total CapEx, the way we guide it. And I think that's the right way to think about it going forward. We think next year will normalize and be back into that sort of low 2s -- low to mid-2s range on a total CapEx basis.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, sure, happy to, Brandt. I think, yes, obviously, we raised our guidance about the amount of the third quarter. We did increase the top line for the fourth quarter a little bit, not huge, and it is flowing through, say, for there's a little bit of timing in corporate expense, a little bit of FX and then a small amount for Israel. That's really it.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, I think that the white space for us is luxury lifestyle. We've talked about it a bunch. We are doing a bunch of work in the space right now. I think next year, we will come out -- we will have a product in the market next year. So we've done a lot of work over many years, but we sort of cranked up that engine once we got Spark launched in H3 out there. That's sort of next. I think our customers, listen, I think our customers love what we have. I mean, as reflected in the fact that loyalty is amongst the largest and is certainly the fastest growing. And I think we -- I know we still represent the highest level of engagement in the sense of Honors occupancy being higher than anybody in the industry. So, I think our customers are saying to us the ecosystem that you've created, both how you do loyalty, the products you have, the geography, what we talk about frequently, the network effect that we've built combined with Honors and experiences related to Honors and how they engage with Honors is really working well. So, I don't think there is anything that if I'm being really blunt that our customers are screaming out, I just sat in 12 hours of focus groups with customers because we're going through a strategic planning process for over two nights with every segment of customers, people are loyal to us, not loyal to us, et cetera, et cetera. There was -- I mean there's a lot to unpack there. I'm not going to do it on this call, but there was nothing that our customers were saying like, gosh, you need this and you need that. Look, what we do know is that having more on the high end creates even more of a halo effect. We believe we have a significant amount already in the luxury space, in the resort space. And given our scale and breadth and depth geographically, we think it's very pleasing to our Honors members. But on the margin, having more of it, we think, is beneficial, which is why we spend the time doing it. It's why we want to do luxury lifestyle. The other reason really not only do we want our customers to have more opportunities at the high end, but we're just giving away, if I'm being honest, we're just giving away development opportunities. I'm looking at Kevin, who runs development, too. It's like I travel all over the world. We have owners that are super loyal to us, and many of them want to build a luxury lifestyle hotel, and we don't really have a product for them. And so literally, they're doing it with other people just because we don't have a product, and that makes me crazy, so that I think that it will obviously enhance our growth rate. Now, luxury lifestyle is not like H3 or Spark or Tempo or Home2 -- it's not -- not -- it's a very bespoke thing. You're not going to have thousands of these. You're not even going to have hundreds of these. I mean, look at people who have been at it for a long, long time. You'll be fortunate to have dozens of them. But every room counts and having more really high-quality products in the right locations, we think continues to build our network effect. And so I've said this many times to many investors, I sort of love where we are which is we have a -- we have a network effect that works. We have 173 by end of the year, beginning of next year, we'll have 200 million Honors members that are very loyal to us. They love Honors. They love the network that we've created. They love the brand diversification, the geographic diversification. And so there is really doing luxury lifestyle is fabulous, doing more luxury deals with Waldorf, Conrad and LXR, we'll keep doing that. Those will add to growth, but there is -- the ecosystem works. I think point in case is the success that Honors is having vis-à-vis the competition. So, I look at these as all like incremental halo incrementally. Obviously, we can always make it better. And we can always add -- want to add products that add to our growth rate. And we think luxury lifestyle will.
