Kevin Jacobs: Yes, Shaun, I’ll take that one. I think, you sort of pointed out some of it right on the GAAP G&A side, includes stock comp that’s non-cash, right. So over the course of last year, we wrote down our plans and then we put in a new plan in place in the fourth quarter. So you saw some things bounce around and then overall it ended up at 30%. On a cash basis, we ended up, I can’t remember, if Chris, you said this in your first answer, but on a cash basis, we ended up about 20% better 2020 over 2019. And then I know Chris did say this, we think 2021 versus 2019, we’ll be down in the mid-teens on a cash basis. And so how can that trend going forward? It didn’t look overall wages and benefits have been growing in excess of core inflation over time, that’s probably not going to trend. But we’ve – look, we’re adding no new heads in the business this year. And so we think for several years, we’re going to remain disciplined as we always have and there’s no reason to think that we can’t grow cash overhead at sort of slightly ahead of inflation. There’s slightly more than inflation, because that’s probably what wages and benefits wants to grow over the next few years. And there’s nothing that we see in the future that says we can’t continue to get back to scaling the business without having step changes in growth in overhead.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, that’s right. I just think to DoubleTree’s 10 – DoubleTree’s are full service hotels, so its market specific, but the absolute level of these tends to be a little bit higher, but generally speaking the return profile is very similar.
Kevin Jacobs: And Bill I’ll just add, I mean that obviously covers the ground on the issue really well. I’ll just add as a quick plug for our products, right. And so our products on a relative basis, if you start with revenue premiums, and then our more modern prototypical, particularly you referenced Tru that even though if minimum – if wage and benefits costs go up, that does make it more expensive for developers, but on a relative basis, our products are more efficient. So it should continue to give us an opportunity to differentiate ourselves from a product perspective.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, mostly in almost entirely in the ownership segment means we – this was announced in the pre-announcement for the bond deal as well on what we thought it was going to be both mostly goodwill related to the ownership segment that just having to do with the duration of the crisis and the recoverability of those assets and I’ll let you all on cash.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean, all of our efforts on the marketing side, I mean, to keep it short and simple, if we can let other folks that ask questions, all of our efforts have been focused on fishing where the fish are. And right now, where the fish are at the moment is in sort of value based leisure and bleisure business. So and it’s really the bleisure part of it is small businesses that really don’t have the choice, but to travel to keep their businesses going. And they are sort of mixing it with leisure opportunities, because they have more mobility in a sense, they’re not locked into their kids aren’t locked into necessarily being in schools and they’re not locked into being in an office. So all of our efforts across what we’re doing with honors, what we’re doing with promotions, what we’re doing with our marketing spend have been focused on that. Now that’s all going to obviously shift. If all goes well and I’m right, you’ll – and we’re obviously working on the plans to not go immediately back to where we were, but to start to migrate back to sort of a more normal approach as demand patterns become more normalized.
Chris Nassetta: Obviously China, as you’ve implied in your question, sort of backed up with what’s going on, particularly in the North of China, more than the South of China in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, I would say I don’t have all the data in front of me, but I would say the anecdotally from lots of conversations with our Asia-Pac and our China team, it was very rapidly sort of approaching normalcy meaning we weren’t fully back with there was still a little bit heavier leisure component, but there always is in China, by the way. I mean it’s a heavier leisure market broadly, but we weren’t too terribly far off of our business transient and our group trends, but it was following the same pattern I would expect here. Leisure leads business transient is a close second. And the groups just because by nature group business a little bit longer, lead time is a little bit more planning was lagging a bit. But they – China – we were running like 10 points off, something like that. So we were getting before they backed up. We were getting to I think very normalized levels of demand. We were not seeing any material as far as we could tell with the data we had any sort of substitution effect. Reality is China was sort of going back to the normal trends that it had very rapidly before COVID. And so I think while China is different in lots of ways, I think humans are humans. And I think it’s why my belief is that as we sort of come out of this leisure will lead, business transient will be a fast follow, group will take a little bit longer to develop, because lead times, but the demand patterns will over a couple of years return and look a lot like they did pre-COVID.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I mean the difference is – I think you already answered sort of imply. It’s just timing. I mean conversions just happened faster most of not always in the year for the year, but typically between signing and getting them in the system and paying fees that happens very rapidly usually within 6 months to 12 months and signing of new builds depending on where in the world you are takes anywhere from 12 months to 48 months. And so conversions produce faster. I’d say in terms of ramps and underlying economics, I mean looking at Kevin runs development that’s not a material difference as I think about it. I don’t have the data in front of me, but anecdotally we’re involved. Kevin and I were involved in all these deals. I don’t think there’s any real difference in terms of, I think it just comes faster. I think the basic fee structures are quite similar.
Chris Nassetta: It could, I’ve been talking to lots of folks about this issue. And broadly, I think many including me are supportive over time that the minimum wage needs to move up. But as I said to a number of people in the administration time and place sort of how you do it and when you do it matters. And so I think the likely outcome is, I don’t know that it’ll end up in this first bill. I do think that there, I think that is probably not highly likely based on what I’m hearing possible, but not highly likely, but it will not be an issue that goes away. And I think that the how and the when then become important. And so how being that first of all, even in what’s being proposed now, it’s not all to $15, it’s staged in over basically five years. And so I think that that creates a ramp that allows people to adjust and create, we’re obviously working with our owners on creating even more efficiencies. So it’s not like overnight, you go across the country to $15, by the way, there are a whole bunch of markets that are already $15. And so they’ve been dealing with it. I would also like to think that with people really spend the time figuring it out that not every market’s the same that living in Poughkeepsie is not the same as living in New York City. And that these can be index. And then when do you start to sort of move it up, I think is a big issue. My personal worry and concern is the hospitality industry has been more impacted from a jobs point of view than any industry in the country. And it’s the slowest in recovery in terms of bringing jobs back. And I don’t think raising the minimum wage, no matter how you look at the analysis is going to help. I think it will slow the rehiring of people in the industry. And so I am hopeful that in the end that people will be rational, rational thinking will prevail. And as a result, this will not be a major issue, certainly in the short to intermediate term. I think we should all assume that the minimum wage is going to be going up over time. In fact, because it needs to, but again, I think it’s – I am hopeful that it will be done in a staged way. And there’ll be other mechanisms built in to the timing and the geographical approach that, that will make it make sense on all sides. So the short – that’s a long answer Bill. The short answer is I don’t think in the short to intermediate term there’s any meaningful impact as a result of it.
Chris Nassetta: And the last point not to hit it too hard is that the work we’re doing right now in every one of our brands including Tru and Hampton everything else is about taking – making them higher margin businesses and taking – creating more labor efficiencies, particularly in the areas of housekeeping, food and beverage and other areas. So they’re going to – when we get out of the crisis, those businesses will be higher margin and require less labor than they did pre-COVID. So that will also sort of factored for in my commentary. But I think that hopefully the net of it is as it goes up, it’s done over a longer period of time and it’s done in a sort of thoughtful way.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. And good question. And one, we certainly – we get frequently. I don’t think my views changed at all. I mean I think I’ve been saying for 13 years, since we bought nothing, we’ve doubled. We’ve gone from a family of nine brands to 18 brands. So we’ve doubled it and in the time I’ve been here and we haven’t bought one of them. We’ve organically developed every single one of them. So for my entire time here, I’ve been saying, never say never, right. You’ve heard my speech. If it passes all the right filters, we’d consider it, but nothing has. And so I think not necessarily the past is indicative of the future, but it sort of tells you our predisposition. And so I would say never say never, but the filter is a very tight filtration system, which is we think we got the best brand portfolio in the business. We think that is – that can be proven, scientifically by the fact that every one of our brands is a market share leader. Everyone that we’ve developed we think is purpose built around exactly what customers want. And we like that. And so anything that we would look to acquire would have that sort of meet that profile like we don’t want to go backwards, because we don’t have to. We have pretty much every category covered. If something’s not covered, we could launch it. I don’t think you’ll see us launch a whole lot of new brands in the short-term. But why would we do that? We have all the segments generally covered. Do we want to cover, we have the best brands, why would we pick up something that wasn’t super curb in the same way that we then have to be distracted trying to fix. And that we paid a lot of money for the – yes, which leads me to the next filter, which is economics. If you do simple math, we’re developing these brands for nothing, not to make it. And so we have an infinite yield every time we do it, every time we do it through where a home to, and these things become mega brands, they become billion, multi-billion dollar businesses over time. It’s an infinite return because we’ve effectively invest just sweat equity, so something but not much. So when we look at buying stuff, we haven’t found anything that is perfect, that doesn’t require a lot of elbow grease. And you’re paying a lot of money for it. So we just not again never say never, but that’s sort of how we think about it now your comment – your question also implied like region sort of regional process that that’s where maybe I hate to say it and have it become a headline, because I think the likelihood is we’re not going to do that, but there are sort of smaller regional brands and places where maybe we want a stronger foothold that aren’t – that don’t show up a whole lot on the radar, but for what they are very, very good. And so, yes, we’ve looked at a bunch of those over time. And we will continue to do that. The net result has been while we’ve looked at a bunch of them, we haven’t done any. And again, I would say I would condition everybody to say, we like what we got. We think we got the no offense to our competitors. Maybe we had the best set up for the future in the industry. And the last thing we want to do is botch it by either bringing brands that like my father used to say, you hang with the dogs, you get the fleas. We don’t want to bring stuff. We don’t want to bring stuff in that, that messes up the portfolio and we’re intensely focused on good capital allocation. I was – that those are my origins in business being a good capital allocator. And so when you put it together, I think not high likelihood, but never – not never impossible.
Chris Nassetta: Its too early. I think when we get into the second half of this year, that my own belief, I should hardly say this, but it’s like I said to our team the other day do not give away space in 2022 too cheap, like because I think there’s going to be gargantuan demand. And as a result, more pricing power than people think, just because you people have accumulated all sorts of needs that are going to get released and it takes time to plan. So what you’re going to see in the second half of this year is I think the big uptake will be in the SMERF business, because those are smaller groups they can have the planning is not as time consuming, the lead times are. The big stuff, it takes time when you’re doing a thousand person or multi-thousand person conventions. Even if you’re doing its hybrid, it takes a lot of planning. And so that’s really almost at this point got to start to fall in the next year or so. Yes. I think if all goes according to plan in the first half of this year with vaccinations and there’s a reality that, that people feel like they can start to congregate again being intelligent about it, but do it in a safe way. I think you’ll – in the second half of this year, you’ll see a bunch of demand that will dump into next year on stuff that requires planning.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I don’t think it would be that low. I think we are definitely, I mean we had 5.1% last year. We delivered a lot more than we thought. This is we look at this year, there’s a lot of stuff in production. We think again we have really good momentum on conversions, which is going to help us more this year than last it’ll help again, even more so in 2022. And then there’s just stuff that’s moving through that was under construction or was put under construction. That’s going to help us. I think next year, I mean we still – we put 75,000 rooms under construction last year, and most of that is not going to deliver this year. It’s going to deliver into next. And as I said, we’re ramping on conversion. So I do think that 2022 could be lower than 2021, but not by the degree that that you’re suggesting. I still think that ultimately our goal was to be sort of in that 4% to 5% range in all those years.
Chris Nassetta: Both good questions. So on the first, our published rates, you would say if you average all our brands it’s about 5.6% and license fees, we’re about 5% right now in terms of effective rate, in terms of where people are in the cycle. I – we’re not going to anytime soon be increasing those rates in an absolute sense, but by definition, every time a contract turns, it goes to the new rate. I think I’m not saying anybody likes it, but that’s sort of the standard, the standard within the industry. It’s certainly what we’ve always done and we’ll continue to do that. So you’ll see that sort of grind up about 10, 15 basis points a year. And then when we get to the other side of this, depending on the economics and ultimate market share and all those things, obviously we can look at what we do with our fee structures, but we’re going to sort of keep, we think that they are good where they are and we’ll keep our effective rates will keep grinding up as you have natural rollover. On the CapEx side, it’s really important. It’s a delicate balance. The obvious one, which is you got to keep the portfolio. We have the market share leaders in every one of these categories. Part of that is obviously service, a part of its product. And part of that product is about having fresh product, consistent high quality product. We’re very religious about it. We have given a lot of relief. Thankfully, we went into the crisis in a really good position, because we’ve been unbelievably diligent and disciplined. And our owner community over time has recognized that to get those premiums. They have to keep their assets up. And so we went into the crisis a year ago in a good place, we have the ability we think to give them a bit of grace for a period of time and not have a significant impact with our customer base. But as we get to the other side of this, yes, we’re going to have to get back to having that kind of discipline, which is not just in our interest. It’s in our owners’ interest, if they want to continue to drive results. I suspect that that’s going to be next year and not this year. Just in the sense that while I think the second half we’re going to be in a very different world, we got to – we’re going to have to let folks get back on their feet. And I think given again, the quality of – on average of our brands and the upkeep of those the brands and the individual hotels going into this, I think we can do that without it being harmful.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. The geography is exactly what I think you’re following in the question and what you would think, it right now is less in the primary markets and more in the secondary and tertiary, just because of what’s been going on in a lot of the big cities and the greater density of population. And reality is, as I said a lot of the uptick that we’re seeing into the second half of the year is SMERF business. And the nature of that business lends itself more and more to those geographies. I fully expect as I said when we sort of get a bit of the all clear and people start to think about group in a very different way. And I hope that’s in the second half of the year, you’ll start to see those patterns normalize. But given that it is more in the SMERF segment it by definition ends up being more disproportionately outside of the big urban centers as compared to normal demand patterns at the moment.
Chris Nassetta: Again, thank you guys for joining us today. 2020 will go in the record books for sure. Not the greatest year for our company in our 101-year history or the industry certainly. But as I said in my prepared comments, we are proud of what we were able to accomplish. We think the businesses in a terrific position. We are certainly of the mind and hopeful as I’ve described in many ways that as we get to spring summer, and certainly in the second half of the year, we’re going to be in a very different place. And we’ll look forward after the first quarter, which will get us to the early spring to hopefully be able to comment on those positive trends. Thanks, again, and everybody stay well.
