Christopher J. Nassetta: That's a good question, I would say. I don't think that we're fully getting the benefits of the network effect. It depends where you are in a world where – where we built out, places where we built out, broader distribution we are getting more of the benefit. But there is – none of them have been built out to the same degree as, Steve, as we have in the U.S. So, I think that there is certainly opportunity there. I mean, one gauge, I don't have the exact numbers in my head, but I'll tell you if you look at our average market share in the U.S. versus the other mega regions, the other mega regions have very good market share, and rapidly approaching the market share of the U.S., but not quite there. So I think there is still more opportunity in that regard. I think as time goes on by just by definition of the scale of our existing footprint and the size of the population centers outside the U.S. and our under-representation, I mean we're in 104 countries in the world. We are in a lot of places, but we are at the tip of our iceberg of international growth. If you just do the math that's increasingly over the next 5 years or 10 years, you're going to see our percentage growth coming from other places around the world. So we're really – I mean, we look at these market share numbers, as you can imagine every week, we visit with our teams around the world. And I have been really pleased in the last two years or three years that those market share numbers are supporting our theory of the network effect that as we're building out broader distribution in other parts of the world, that we are rapidly sort of approaching similar market share numbers. But in terms of ultimate growth potential, I think the sky is the limit. I mean, you think about the populations around the world that we can serve and you think about the layering of existing brands, let alone newer brands that we're launching. We have tremendous and I would say sort of, certainly for my lifetime, unlimited opportunity to continue to grow.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I mean, I said that. I think they are both on an annual basis, quarter-by-quarter moves around. I think they are both within a couple of hundred basis points of the other mega region, EMEA and APAC are within a 100 basis points, 200 basis points of the U.S. and they've been moving up materially over the last few years at a rapid pace.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Certainly I don't believe it can be easily copied. I think Harry it's a complicated answer, obviously. But I think at its core it's about having better more consistent brands, which means product that is in each and every one of the brands and categories consistent service delivery that is consistent, ultimately a commercial platform that is hitting on all cylinders, all elements of sales in our res systems and revenue management and our online business and marketing and all of those things sort of coming together to drive performance. And then the other thing that it is not easily replicable is you can have really good products, really consistent service and good commercial engines, but in my humble opinion, without having a network effect, meaning having broad price point distribution as well as geographic distribution, you just by definition can't take as much of a share of wallet from customers and as a consequence you can't drive the same level of market share. So, it's all of those things, which of course I'm going to say, I run the company and we are going say that we think they're unique. We don't think – we think we are one of a very limited number of people that have a real network effect. And in terms of having the purest brand portfolio in the business, we think we got it, meaning that every one of our brands in every category is either the leader or a category killer in its segment. There is no dogs in the bunch. So when owners come to us for various needs that they have, where they are following demand patterns, whatever those might be or whatever type of product or price point, we have a great product to give them, where we're going to drive consistently market-leading market share and that's what they're investing in. They are investing in a system to drive top-line and bottom-line performance and drive the best return. I think the fact that we've been able to lead the industry in driving growth and doing it organically without having to use our balance sheet in any meaningful way, it's a pretty darn good testimonial to that. Now we have to keep doing it. So, we have to make sure that as we launch new products they're great products, that they really resonate with customers, that we have consistency and the high quality, that service delivery. I said we're a business of people serving people and we are – service delivery matters a lot. But that network effect of connecting all of those dots around geography and price point matters a whole lot and I think ultimately what we have is awfully unique.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I probably can't answer the second, I'll ask Kevin to take a shot at it, but the – in terms of the first, the numbers are accurate. We're up construction starts 50%, I do not think that we will be up 50% in construction starts for the full year, okay, just to be clear. That is an accurate data point, I think for the year, it will be less than that. What's driving the first quarter and that's going to help us a lot in the year is I think that we're sort of firing on all cylinders in all segments, but the thing that really accelerated first quarter was Tru, new brand launch, lots of Trus getting under construction. It's the lowest price point we have in terms of cost per room to build, much more financeable than a lot of other products in a financing market that, is sort of stable, but got a little bit tighter, it remains a little bit tighter. So I think proportionally we're getting more of the financing dollars. The other driver of it was huge good things going on in China with limited service, particularly with our deal with Plateno, a ton of new Hamptons that went under construction in the first quarter and we're going to have a ton more coming, but my sense is, it will stabilize out that the Tru and the Hampton in China help supercharge the first quarter a bit. In terms of the 325,000 in the pipeline, it will be under construction, certainly half of it – that would be financed, half of it's under construction, so it's financed. So I would say somewhere around the order of 60% to 70% because there is a 10% or 20% and I'm sort of guesstimating that would be on the verge of getting under construction or probably committed, so conservatively I'd probably say 60%.
Christopher J. Nassetta: That's a good question. I'd say we're probably tracking in that zone. There is no ways week-to-week and month-to-month, but I'd say we're in the 1% to 2% zone and as we were sitting around every Monday morning, and I started with EC call with all of our senior folks from around the world, I did it yesterday like I do every Monday and we go through the performance in every major regions of the world. And I'd say there's generally a level – a decent level of optimism in all of our – from all of our folks coming out of April where if we look at all of the regions I think everybody felt like April was trending better and as they go into May and June, they're feeling reasonably good. So, to get to the higher level of range, I'd say right now and we gave you 2 point range in outcome because it's early in the year, okay. And I think that's the prudent thing to do. If you put me on the spot a little bit, where – if I had to refine that more or where do I think it'll be, honestly what I see right now real time in talking to our teams and looking at the data, I would say we'd be at the mid to the high point. That's what forecasting, current forecasting would suggest. Now, there is a lot to play out in the year. There is a lot going on. We talked about legislative agenda, foreign policy. There is lot out there. But we've got – it's not roaring, but we got pretty good stability in the range of outcome that we talk about and business transient, leisure transient hanging in there and I gave you a long soliloquy on group that makes me feel with our position in group for the rest of this year reasonably good that it's going to deliver what we want to deliver there. So yeah, we're in that zone and I will say we feel good about delivering or suggesting we're going to deliver.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. I mean, we're really sort of in the 20% or 25% of free cash flow. So, as the free cash flow goes up, I think there could be some modest increases in the dividend. I would guide you to not expect that this year. I mean, I think we're going to be stable with where we are. But there we'll be potential in future years as free cash flow goes up. I mean, we – as you probably gathered from our commentary, we're a lot more focused on returning capital in the form of buybacks. We obviously want to have a dividend, we want yield investors to be able to invest in the stock. But in terms of driving great, sort of market leading total returns to shareholders over a long period of time, we think being relatively modest on the dividend side and much more robust as robust as we can on the buyback side is going to lead to the best long-term returns.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. It is definitely a little bit early, and it's wait-and-see. I mean they've thrown some things out there, and we've had some pretty good discussions with folks that are on the point on this to get a bit of a sense of what's going on behind the scenes. I think they're darn serious about getting something done, and I would not at all be surprised if when we finish this year it is something done or something is pretty well baked in getting done. I think from my point of view, whatever they're going to do – all of the options that we're looking at I think are going to be good for our business. I think now it could turn out a different way but certainly everything that's sort of being fancied about, the net result for us is positive, meaning that it's going to ultimately drive more free cash flow. And so it doesn't really change in any way our capital allocation policy, it just may change the amount of capital that we have to allocate, meaning if taxes go down, free cash flow goes up. Our belief is and our strategy will be to return all of that cash flow back to shareholders too again largely in the form of incremental buyback. So, I think same plan, just may have – if they get something good done, we'll have more to play with.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Well, I mean, that's a complicated question and I am not exactly sure there is a succinct way of answering and I think it's sort of a combo platter of everything. I mean, our model now as we've talked about is pretty simplified, I mean, it's really focused on continuing to do everything we can with our brands, and our commercial strategies to drive share. So we drive unit growth, and if we do those two things and outperform, we're going to drive incremental cash flow, which we're going to give back to shareholders. And so, there are a whole bunch of things sort of bubbling around the industry that are going to contribute to that, whether that be on OTA renegotiations over time, which will obviously continue to take place, whether that be finding other distribution partners that are very efficient distribution partners, that allow us to have access to new customer bases. Importantly, our direct strategies, which we've talked a lot about over the last couple of years, and are going to be strategies that go far into the future, this evolution of Honors and having it be a real club that everybody wants to be a member of has a real value for both frequent and infrequent travelers, there is a huge amount of opportunity still left there to continue to take, what, 30% online business and grow it to a much higher share of our business. So, there are multitude of things that we're going to do. On the commercial side, there are multitude of things that we're going to continue to do with our existing brands to make sure they continue to be relevant. New brands, which we've talked about, we've launched one this year, we've got four more in the skunkworks which obviously will help us deliver from a Hilton point of view incremental growth, but importantly it's going to help us further that network effect that I talked about to give us an opportunity to serve you and more of our existing customers, bring new customers into the fold. So, there is a bunch of company specific, industry related things that we're going to do, but it's – again I can go on for a long time, it's a complex strategy, but the ultimate goal and sort of the holy grail is share, you know, it's all of those things are – so that we can drive incremental share to drive incremental profitability to owners, so they want to continue to invest tens of billions of dollars in our system.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think on the margin it's stable. I think throughout the second half of last year and maybe a little bit of this year, but really second half of last year, it became incrementally. The market became a little tighter, a little harder, terms were a little tougher, the loan-to-values were a little lower, pricing a little higher, all of those things. My sense in talking to our development teams and lots of owners is that it's relatively stable. Certainly I would say relatively stable for the owners that are very good borrowers that have been out doing this as a part of their business over an extended period of time. So from the last quarter, not any material change.
Christopher J. Nassetta: For the full year, the numbers are fine. But yeah, this is small enough system where you have a couple of hotels have a huge impact.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Not really. In preparation for the group – the call, I'm going through our quarter-end numbers, I had our sales folks in here ask them the very same question. Nothing really stood out. They said it's been generally consistent as between industries. I mean, maybe with the energy sector being the exception where you're starting to see a little bit of outperformance relative to where it's been given what's going on in the energy sector, but otherwise pretty consistent.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't have that data. My recollection, they can look for it, my recollection is that was up modestly.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't want to get into specifics, so just a couple of random things we can talk a little bit more about, specifics if you want offline.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. I think we've tried to be abundantly clear on what we intend to do this year at this point, $900 million to $1 billion total minus $200 million in dividends. So, $700 million to $800 million of buybacks, all of which we're doing essentially programmatically. The course we're on we just I think began the program on March 8, because we had to get the approvals from our board of directors, and all those things that you guys saw. So, I think where if you were to look at what we did in the month of April, March and April combined, I think we're on a trajectory to sort of be in that range and if we're not, we'll will obviously adjust the range. A large part of that period of time was under a plan that we couldn't alter because we were in a quiet period. So, it was clicking along based on a predetermined grid. We can obviously now post-earnings adjust that grid and we will if appropriate to get to the numbers that we've talked about.
Christopher J. Nassetta: If you look at the broader trend, interestingly last year international revenues – revenues from international arrivals was down about 3%. So it was off for a host of reasons. I'd say last year predominantly the strength of the dollar, maybe a little bit what was going on post election, but there wasn't a whole lot of year left post election, so I think it was predominantly dollar. If you look at it in the first quarter, which is obviously at this point the only data that we have, revenues from international inbound business was actually up a little bit, I mean not a lot, I mean it's sort of flat to up 1% and it-- but it's not consistent from the various places around the world. But if you look at the – you break the world apart, it was up from Canada and up from Asia Pacific. It was down from Mexico and down from the Middle East. I think in part related to some of the things that are going on politically, the net of which was – it was up a little bit. I think where the dollar is today, and some of the other things that are going on, our expectation is for this full year that you're going to see international business down a little bit, maybe sort of circa notwithstanding was up in the first quarter, maybe circa where it was in – where it was for the last year. Now, a lot of things can play out and change – change that outcome, strengthening or weakening of the dollar. The dollar has sort of backed up a little bit, which is helping. Now, we're getting ancillary benefit. Europe now is a decent chunk of our business, and arrivals with the weakening of the pound over time, and these are the things that are going on. You've seen that-- part of the reason you're seeing Europe surge and have such strength and why it's an expectation of being performance wise above the high end of our guidance ranges. So, we do pick some of the back up over there now. As Kevin mentioned in his remarks, it's about 5% of our system wide business. So, it's moving, obviously being positive is always better, but these are the types of movements that we're talking about don't have a material impact on the bottom line result, and certainly don't have any material impact on our ability to drive cash flow.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. I think we talked about it a little bit on the last call, and the update is that we are still in our process. We went out and we did an RFP. I think the good news is we're nearing the end of that process. I am hopeful that we're actually going to be able to get it done in the second quarter. We're in fairly advanced stages of negotiation, so I'm not going to be able to give you any sense of where it's going to end up, because we're not done. I will say at a high level, I think it's going to be very good for everybody involved, meaning I think it's going to be great for our customers, because we're going to create a customer value proposition that's far better than what we have today, which I think ultimately is good for them, and will help us drive incremental share. It's going to be great for our overall system in terms of driving more business into the system, and it's going to be great for us in the sense of driving more fees from that segment of our business. I know you'd like to know what it is, but it's not done, and so I'm going to stop there, and when we get it done, we'll give you a little bit better sense of it.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah. I think if you look-- Bill, it's a great question. If you look at our pipeline and compare to any of the major competitors, so you look at the overall numbers across the entire U.S. system, you're seeing the bulk of the development go on in a limited-service space. There is a real simple reason for it. You and I, and I think everybody knows it. And that's – that is – that's where the demand growth is, that's where the economics work and that's why owners are investing money to build new properties in those segments because they're getting the returns there. And when you look at the costs to build and to operate and cost to build new construction for full service and luxury, it works in a few places, but it doesn't work in many. I mean, we have – we have a bunch of stuff going on. I think we have more luxury stuff going on in the U.S. than anybody. We just opened Conrad in Chicago, we're getting to go under construction in DC, the Waldorf Beverly Hills is going to open next month. I mean, if you add up we get going out in the U.S. in luxury, probably – I think more than anybody, upper upscale, we are doing great relative to our competitive set. There're just not a lot of it going on because it's not justified because construction costs continue to go up throughout the Great – after the Great Recession and through now in a way where it makes it in most markets quite difficult. Having said that, in terms of our existing stock of hotels, we're very focused and have been on making sure that we're keeping those up to snuff. So in the end, while we're are not – this development cycle doesn't involve a ton of-- of upper upscale and luxury, for us or anybody by the way, it doesn't mean that we're not cycling through and being very thoughtful about the existing products we have whether that'd be DoubleTree, Hilton, Embassy or above and making sure that we're doing everything we need to do to make sure that the product is relevant and that it ultimately can be competitive. And so I feel great about what we've been doing in the capital investment side with our owners because particularly now post-spin, this is not -- we are not the owner of anything in the U.S. market, but if you go around and look at what's opening, you go around and look at what we're refurbishing around the country, I feel really good about, but this is – this is a phenomena that's driven by underlying economics. And I'm not going to say that at same point you're eventually going to get back in the full service and luxury development at a larger scale. I don't know if it's in this cycle though because I don't see economics that on a wholesale basis are going to support it for some time. And again selectively it's being supported because we're obviously doing some of it, and so are our competitors, but wholesale, I think the game is in limited service, and I think that's an important nuance to our model because I know there's noise out in the market from competitors and the like – I think in the end our model is a capital-light model and ultimately we're trying to serve customers and the way we serve customers is giving the products they want, in the locations they want it with service delivery that is in keeping with the particular price point that they're – that they're willing to pay for. And given that we're not investing, we're investing – it's third parties that's investing this capital. What we're doing around the world is following demand patterns and the capital is following that demand pattern. And so in the U.S. that means a lot of limited service. By the way, around the world that means a lot of limited service. It doesn't mean that we're not going to do tons of luxury, and upper upscale and all those things, it just means that, with a growing middle class around the world, a huge amount in the next 5 years or 10 years or 20 years of demand growth is going to be in the mid-market. And by the way, I'm very proud to say we are really happy to serve the mid-market, particularly given that every time we add one, it's a 100% margin and an infinite yield. So, the more we do, the more money we make. And the more money you make and the better we serve our customers and the greater network effect that we create. Again, that's not to say we're not going to do tons of Hiltons and Embassys and DoubleTrees and Conrads and Waldorfs. We're going to do those too when the economic rationale supports it and we can deliver for owners' returns commensurate with their investment.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think the idea is we'll keep it roughly the same, unless something really radical happens. I would never say never, we want to be intelligent depending on what happens in the world. But based on everything, we are hearing that is possible in terms of outcome, it would not change our philosophy on the dividend.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Thanks, everybody, again for joining us this morning. It's great to be in our new simplified model reporting here in the first quarter and I think it was really solid results. We appreciate the time and attention and all the great questions and look forward to catching up with you after the second quarter. Take care.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. Shaun, it's Kevin. The increase in the fee guidance for the year is pretty much – I think I mentioned it in my prepared remarks that about half of the beat was timing-related items, and half of the beat was just pure performance and a good chunk of that was in the fees. So, what you're seeing is kind of carrying through the beat to the full year guidance for the balance of the year. And so, of course, if we ended up – if we were to end up near the high end of the range on RevPAR over the course of the year, of course, the fee guidance could continue to go up. But that one point increment in the range is just the carry through from the first quarter beat.
Kevin J. Jacobs: No, it was kind of broad based, right. I mean the RevPAR came in at the high end of the guidance. So, that's going to push fees to the high end and then IMF was a little bit better and then franchise sales, which is a combination of change of ownerships and new deals, was better than we thought. Some of that timing and some of it's just better than we thought. So it's pretty broad based on the fee side.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. I think that's probably right, Joe. It's hard to have perfect visibility. And the other thing to think about is, I think, most of the focused-service projects particularly in the U.S., they may not be technically fully financed, but they'll get financed, because most of the folks who are building those are repeat developers, they've really strong relationships with their regional banks. And at the end of the day, if it's a viable project, they're going to get it financed. But I think Chris' guess is pretty good, but it's hard to have full visibility into that.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Those – just a couple of individual hotels, it means it's not that many hotels. So a couple of individual hotels that had just off group pace for the quarter and a couple off-group pace (48:18).
Kevin J. Jacobs: Well, we've raised guidance a little bit for the year because we performed at 10% for the quarter. We are just seeing part of it is hotels ramping up more strongly, part of it is the economy is holding in in China and maybe a little bit of overlapping of some of the constraints that were going on last year in China.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yes. Some of the-Robin, some of the one – I mentioned I think – I did mention that half of the beat was one-time items and they were just a couple of – sorry, timing items and a couple of timing items were in that other fee category that just shows up in other revenues. So, that's why you saw that spread there and that will normalize over the course of the year.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. Maybe, I think, Europe was obviously particularly strong in the first quarter. We're expecting some of that to normalize over the course of the year. We still think it will above the high end and that's just pretty much all that went into that.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah. It's just – Rich, it's just a standard that we've decided to take. You don't know at what price you're going to buyback. So why guess the share count going forward. There is nothing more to it than that.
