Chris Nassetta: Yes, Carlo, I’ll take that. And Kevin, you can jump in whatever you might want to add. I’d say, obviously, got done at the very end of last year, so it’s still reasonably early to begin to judge it. But I’d say sort of anecdotally, having talked to a bunch of our customers and been at a bunch of different events where we host large numbers of them, it’s viewed as very positive. Most of the – if I think about where we are this year and the conversations I was having versus where we were last year, I would say it is a very, very different tone, much more positive. I think that’s being driven – to your question by tax reform, I think it’s also being driven certainly in the U.S. by the regulatory environment being easier on companies. So I’d say broadly as it relates to business transient, I would say there’s reasons to be optimistic. We started to see that show up in numbers at the end of last year. I think we’ve seen that continue into this year. I would say it’s still early days in the sense that it’s not consistently better. It’s been a bit choppy, but my expectation is if forecasts are right that this is going to help move GDP growth up a little bit. And given the optimism that I’m sensing from a lot of our big customers and broadly across a bunch of different industries, that it’s going to help drive better corporate transient growth than we had last year, which as you will recall looking at the numbers, was very anemic. So I think tax reform – I think everything going on right now globally in terms of global growth, picking up a little bit of steam and certainly in U.S. with the expectations of growth picking up as a result of tax reform and regulatory change are going to be good. In terms of our development community, I think, again, it’s early days. I’d say it’s hard to find somebody that’s not – that is in business that’s not more optimistic right now than they might have been a year ago or even, for that matter, six months ago. And given that our development community are eternal optimist, they were reasonably optimistic before, they’re even more optimistic now. So I’d say that all bodes well for what’s going on, on the development side. Having said that, what’s going on in the lending environment is I’d say that’s stable. You had a lot of tightening going on in the development environment throughout last year. If you look at the fourth quarter, that started to really stabilize. Whether more financing availability comes to the market as a consequence of a rebound in the economy, I think time will tell. We haven’t seen that yet, but time will tell. But I’d say broadly, the business community, including our development community, are more optimistic because I think, they think the changes that have been going on over the last few quarters are going to ultimately drive broader growth in the economy – growth will pickup in the economy and it’s going to translate into more demand growth for hotel rooms, which I think stands to reason.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, great question. I think it’s the good question. First of all, I think technically, Felicia, if you go back and listen to my comments we really guided to 2.5%, in the sense that we’re not moving the 1% to 3%, but I said the likely outcome would be from the mid to the high, so I would sort of view that as 2.5%. And that is consistent, pretty much identical to what we delivered in 2017. And so if you take the bull case and remember, everybody that knows me knows I’m an optimist by nature, but I think there are reasons to be optimistic right now. I think if you take the bull case, it would sort of be the following: you delivered 2.5% last year in an environment where group was sort of relatively weak. Leisure transient, relatively strong. Business transient, sort of relatively weak. And you had a big – a bunch of help from the international markets, which were very strong, that delivered 2.5%. You fast forward to 2018, I think international markets, by the way, is sort of, take that off the table, are going to be strong again. Our estimation is there – between Europe and APAC, well, they will be both better than what we think the U.S. will deliver. They won’t be quite as robust. They’re still going to be really good. Won’t be quite as robust as last year, so maybe that creates a teeny bit of drag. But then more – I think potentially more than offsetting that for the bull case would be leisure transient looks to be sort of good again, right? You have consumer confidence, if anything, picking up, not declining. So you would argue that that’s a good leading indicator of what’s going to happen with leisure transient. We talked about business transient. While it’s early and it’s a bit choppy, if the economy really is doing what we think and most people think it is doing, that will lead to, I think, a little bit better result in business transient than we got last year. And group, if it plays out as sort of set up for the year where we’re at a mid-single- digit system-wide position with pretty good momentum, it should be better than what was a relatively weak year in group last year. You aggregate that altogether and I think you could certainly conclude that we should do better than last year, which was 2.5%. And so that would be the bull case. And you would say, legitimately, so why aren’t you giving us the bull case in your outlook? And the reason that we’re not is real simple. It’s February. There’s a lot of year to play out and we want to sort of see these things. We want to make sure we’re very optimistic, confident about group, but we want to see it play out. I mean as we said, 80% of it’s on the books, but we want to see it play out. And importantly, we want to continue to see firming up on the business transient side. If those things happen throughout the year, I think you’ll see us sort of adjustment our expectations. But given it’s our first call, it’s early in the year. We thought being sort of down the middle at this point was the right place to be.
Chris Nassetta: In the past, Joe, I would say that the group is typically a lagging indicator. And so it is a little bit of an anomaly that you’re seeing it pickup. Well, I would say that’s the way it usually works. We did see a pickup, at the same time we saw our corporate group pickup. We saw corporate transient pickup. And so in that way, they’re happening at the same time. But I’d say corporate group is a bit ahead of it and more – the pickup is more stable. Corporate transient pickup has been a little choppier. But nonetheless, I think the trend line is headed in a good direction. And I can’t honestly – now look, again, I can’t explain why it’s a little bit different this time other than the fact that I think in corporate, I still think in corporate group, the industry is running at such high occupancy levels overall that people – the corporate procurement offices are figuring out if they don’t get ahead of it a little bit, they’re not going to be able to have their meetings, where on the transient side, I think there’s still a belief that it can be a little bit more last minute. I think that’s probably the – what’s driving what I would say is not a major anomaly, but a little bit of an anomaly where they’re either a coincident or they flipped around a little bit in terms of what’s leading and what’s lagging.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I’d say engagement is up pretty materially. I don’t have the percentage sitting in front of me. But clearly, we have the percentage of active members is up pretty materially year-over-year. And not surprising, related to the second part of your question, we’ve been working very hard on to strategies that have more direct relationships with customers, which I know sometimes can get interpreted as like a marketing campaign like Stop Clicking Around or whatever. But it has – obviously, it is a much more complex and holistic approach, which has to do with making sure what we’re doing with product, what we’re doing with service, importantly, what we’re doing with technology, what we’re doing with very specific parts of the Honors program to drive more – not only deeper engagement, but more frequent engagement with customers is all, I would say, working in getting more people in the program, higher percentage of them engaged and more of them booking directly with us. We know that once they come into the program, the vast majority, 90-plus – I think it’s 95%, close to 95% of customers, when they become an Honors member, start booking directly through us, which is obviously a much more efficient channel. And so I think we’re having really good success. But as I’ve said on lots of prior calls, this is going to be something we’ll be talking about forever and instead, it’s a very comprehensive approach to having deeper, more frequent engagement with customers.
Chris Nassetta: 10%, and that’s about third – close to a third or either Web Direct or mobile. So make sure we add that, you’ve got to add the web in that.
Chris Nassetta: I mean, clearly, to your comment or question, Shaun, the U.S. is sort of past its peak. Now we’ve extended it, the peak in the U.S. because of the success we’re having with conversions in particularly Tru. But I think either in 2016 or 2017, that’s where you saw the peak in deal signings in the U.S. for the industry. Having said that, for us, we extended it. And in terms of delivering 6% to 7% NUG over the next few years, I would say I feel really good about it. I mean, not only is it a big world where we have lots of opportunities around the world. And clearly, as the has U.S. slowed down a bit, you’ve seen the international side pickup. We were in the low 30s in terms of representation and international in NUG in 2017, we’re going to be probably in the low 40s, 40 or low 40s in 2018, I would tell you that trend line will continue both because of not just what’s going on in the U.S. but the success we’re having in the opportunities we have offshore are only growing. So it’s a big world. It doesn’t all move in lockstep. And I think if we do our job, which I think we’ve proven we’ve been able to do for a decade and being thoughtful about how we layer existing brands in various markets, add new brands to some of our existing markets like Tru that we’re going to be able to keep that growth growing. Now here’s the other thing over – when you look four, five, six years, a lot of things can happen in the world. I mean, if we do our job, we’re going to keep growing at a better pace. As you look at the next two or three, I’m not going to say nothing fully in the bag, but half of our pipeline is under construction, okay? So that’s 160,000, 170,000 rooms are under construction right now. If you add up what we’re going to deliver over the next two or three years, right, those numbers aren’t that far off. And you add a spattering of 20% to 30% conversions into that number, which we think we have consistently delivered at that level or above. And I think I would say to you, we feel confident that what we laid out at our Analyst Day over a year ago of being in that six to seven range over the next few years is readily achievable. And I would argue sort of a lot of it is already in gestation.
Chris Nassetta: If you average it, every year is a little different. Just things cycle through depending on deals and things we’re working on. But if you look at it over the last five or six years, it’s averaged in that range. My guess is – so yes, I’m confident we’ll continue to deliver in that range, particularly with having newer brands, Curio being newer, Tapestry being very new. We’re – we’ve talked a bunch about what we’re thinking about doing in the development of our third soft brand, which is in the luxury space. That’s not too far off, so that will be another conversion brand opportunity. And then Doubletree continues to be a fantastic brand for conversion opportunities and we’ve had great success there. So I think we can definitely deliver in that 20% to 30% range. You add that to what is already under construction around the world. And again, it takes a lot. I don’t want to minimize the hard work as our team listens to these calls and they’re thinking, we got three years of really hard work, boss, to do all this stuff, and they do. But the reality is we’ve got good momentum. And if we do our jobs, we can deliver that growth.
Chris Nassetta: In 2017, it was up 1.6%. System-wide it was just was up 1.6%, right now system-wide positions mid-single digits, five and change.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I didn’t. That’s a good question, Bill. I didn’t mean to exclude it. It isn’t a huge part of our business system-wide. It’s circa 5% of the business. So I don’t tend to think of it as a segment unto itself, I kind of break it down into three mega segments. But it’s a good question. International inbound revenues were down for us circa – and I think the industry maybe have been a little bit worst, circa 4% last year. I think our expectation for this year is while it’ll be on a little bit of lag with what’s going on with the dollar, that isn’t an immediate impact as people have planning time for travel. But our expectation is and certainly what the early signs that we’re seeing and talking to our teams around the world is that it’s going to be better this year than last meeting we don’t think – we think it will be flat to modestly up is sort of what our worst case is. I think that has to do with the dollar, and I hope it has to do with some of the work that we’re doing as an industry to work with the administration to sort of soften the edges of some of what’s being said, not in any way to diminish the profile of security being sort of a top priority, but to make sure that we soften the rhetoric, so that those that are interested in coming to United States, the vast majority want to do no harm to United States feel a bit more welcome. And so we’ve been having – the industry through our trade associations and a bunch of us individually have been having lots of conversations. And yes, I’d like to think we’re making some progress there. We’ll keep working on that. And the dollar, I think, will help us and give us a little bit of a tailwind as well.
Chris Nassetta: I think we can open about 40 to 50 this year. And then based on what’s happening, that should be double that in 2019. We would – we’re hoping to get, let’s say, 50 this year open and 100 next year.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. We do. I’ll take them as you gave them. In terms of loyalty, I don’t view what we’re doing in loyalty as in any way as sort of a space race. Like, I mean, we’re not out there looking at what everybody else is doing and saying, if they do this, we got to one up it and do that. I mean, obviously, our teams are cognizant of what’s going on in the competitive marketplace. That’s not at all what’s driving it. What’s driving it is talking to our customers and figuring out what I said earlier, how do we get them to have – how do we create a deeper connection with them and get them more frequently engaged with us so that in the end, they’re more loyal to us and they buy more of our products. And so the response that you’re seeing in some of these things that I highlighted, which are not big money items, are things that our customers are saying would make a difference. They don’t cost our system much, but it would create greater engagement, greater loyalty, more frequent engagement, which we think ultimately will drive share. So everything we’re doing is not about space race, spend more money. Many of these things that we’re doing don’ t cost much of anything. I mean, giving them more utility on points and things. There’s a theoretical cost to some of these, but a whole bunch of them are not particularly costly. It’s not like owners are bearing the burden of cost – incremental cost. It doesn’t work that way. They’re paying it and we’re – we may allocate the cost in a different way. And part of this has also been about taking other things away. So we had – I’ll give you a great example that we’ve had historically where you earn points and miles, right? And we were one of the few that did of the few that did it. There’s a long history to it long before my time. Super expensive program. Well, we’ve sort of weaned our customers off of that and then reallocated that into a whole bunch of other things that we think will drive more engagement with our customers. So it’s not just sort of add – an incremental add. It is always about what do we need to do to get people more engage, wanting to come directly to us because that will drive more loyalty, more share and more profitable share in the sense of lowering distribution costs. On consolidation, yes, I mean, I probably answered this maybe thousand or maybe more times. Here’s the thing, I think from our point of view, you’re right. We do have a good platform. I think if you look at the numbers that we just reported for last year on growth and across the board, I would say we’re pretty proud of those results. If you look at what we’re giving you and expectations for this year on unit growth and the next few years as I described in my earlier comments, we feel really good about that. So yes, we have been very focused on an organic growth strategy because ultimately, we think it helps us deliver better products that resonate more with customers and delivers better returns for you guys. And so that has been the approach, and we think that it’s working. And now if we didn’t have scale or if we were missing segments and we had big strategic gaps, I would understand the argument. But we don’t, meaning we have plenty of scale. We have great representation across the globe in the most important geographies. And we have all of the major segments covered. So we don’t have strategic gaps. We have the ability to grow both our existing brands, add new brands and do it in organic way where it’s effectively an infinite yield because there’s really no cost or meaningful cost associated with that growth. So the math is pretty easy and that’s why the focus and I think the numbers speak for themselves in terms of success. Now having said that, I’ve said this a thousand times, too. We would never say never. That is a dumb thing for any CEO to say. We’ve looked at tons of things over the years, you guys know that, pretty much everything has been out there. When we were private, when we were – since we’ve been public, we looked at it. We have a team that works with us to analyze these things. To date, we have not found things that really met the standard, which is that it’s something that is very strategically important and a good fit strategically and economically advances the ball in terms of creating material value for shareholders. And so – but having said it doesn’t mean that we would never find something that would meet that criteria. We just haven’t to date, and we – so we’ve been very focused on organic growth and I think we’ll continue to do so and continue to deliver what I think are great results with that focus. And if something ever presents itself that meets the test, then we’d consider.
Chris Nassetta: It ended up in the low twos, which is consistent with what we expected. And remember, that was all done pretax reform and sort of before the economy started to get a little bit of this incremental momentum. So that’s what we thought. That’s where it ended up. We did have a little kickback on that, but not material. I mean, I talked to a lot of customers. I’ll put this, not one of them raised it with me. I mean, I know when I talked to our sales teams, they said that it came up, a few people groused about it. But when you explain why we were doing it, I think people understood it and dealt with it.
Chris Nassetta: Well, that’s a complicated one, but I’ll take it on. The – first of all, there is activity going on at the Waldorf. If you were to walk in that building, you would see that heavy demolition is going on and on. Anbang has been moving forward. We’ve had…
Chris Nassetta: Generally, yes. The planning of it is all done and they’re in heavy demolition. And as far as what they’re telling us, they intend to move forward with that. They are – it is rumored out there that they’re going to sell a bunch of stuff. My understanding is that it’s accurate, I do not, at least at this moment when things can change, believe that that does include the Waldorf Astoria. At least as they have said it to us. I can’t comment on what Blackstone is doing. They’re – we’re not affiliated with them. If you have a question for what they’re going to do, you can ask them. But my understanding from Anbang, notwithstanding them trying to sell a bunch of different assets around the world. At the moment, the Waldorf is not one of those and they tell us that they’re moving forward and, in fact, as I’ve said, work is going on. We are in a very well protected position there for the record in the sense of the agreements that we have with whoever, if it’s Anbang, that’ll be with them. If it ends up with somebody else, we have very strong agreements that will run with the property.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I mean, it’s one that we take awfully seriously as you might imagine, given that particularly in a capital-light world, but no real estate timeshare, pretty much 100% of our growth is coming from the ownership community around the world. So we work – I’m not going to say we’re perfect, okay? Nobody is, but we work really hard and are really thoughtful about each individual project in whatever market it is in and making sure that we don’t think it’s going to create any sort of meaningful lasting impact to an existing owner. And we have a whole process that we work with owners on where we are adding product in markets where they are there. Thankfully in many of those markets, we have owners that are very present in that market. And if we’re doing incremental work, it’s with them. And so they’re adding to their own inventory in that market. But where it is in conflict in different owners, we do a whole bunch of work to really analyze and understand theoretical impact. And if we think that it’s not going to be good for them and it’s going to have a lasting detrimental impact, then we walk away from deals and we do it all the time. I mean, we have debates around this very table I’m sitting at with our development teams, we do a whole bunch of analysis and we do walk away from deals on a regular basis.
Chris Nassetta: Thanks, everybody, for the time today. Look forward to catching up with you after the first quarter to give you an update on how we think about the rest of the year. Take care.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Harry. We ended the year at about 3.1, the very low 3s. And our $1.2 billion to $1.6 total capital return assumes, call it 3 to 3.25x leverage in that range.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. It’s a good question, Harry. You sort of partially answered it yourself. I mean, the next couple of years is – the way this construction cycle plays out, the next couple of years is pretty well locked in. And then in terms of longer term than that, if rates continue to go up, that’s probably going to mean the economy is getting better. And as Chris said, our developers are an optimistic bunch. And so even though the capital might get a little bit expensive, what their underwriting gets looks a little bit better on paper. So probably definitely not a big short-term impact and probably doesn’t really have that big of a long-term impact either.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Thomas. I don’t think – it’s funny, I don’t think there have been too many surprises today in terms of – we’ve laid out what we thought the incremental economics were going to be. And so far, those have been, frankly, maybe even a little bit better, but generally inconsistent with what we’ve seen. The new cards just launched, and so it’s early days. And in terms of economic outcomes, it’s probably too early to opine. But so far, consumers are receiving the cards really well and we’re getting great feedback. So we’re excited about the program, but so far, I wouldn’t say there have been any surprises.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Thanks Robin. I’ll take your two questions one at a time. The fee – as to the fee growth guidance, I think what you’re alluding to is our algorithm of RevPAR plus NUG if you think about what Chris has said about RevPAR at 2.5% and NUG at 6.5%. That gets you to 9%, which is the midpoint of our fee guidance. As we’ve talked about, license fees are growing ahead of that algorithm rate, but you also have some of the fees in there, the non-RevPAR driven fees like change of ownership and app fees that are growing a little bit below the algorithm rate. So that’s sort of – 8% to 10% is a wide range and that sort of plays out. The other thing that’s going on is we had a good year this year in IMF with growth of about 10% in incentive fees, and so we’re creating a little bit, and some of that was due to some onetime and timing items. And so we’ve created a little bit of a headwind there in IMF. And even though that’s only 10% of the fee segment, but it’s sort of all averaging up to about 9%. And of course, we ended up higher this year than our guidance range and we’d like to think we can get to the high end of the range or better this year. But given it’s early in the year, we felt like 8% to 10% was the right guidance. And then on the next one, I assume you’re alluding to HNA who’s been in the press with your second question. And I’d say like we don’t comment on the dealings of any of our individual shareholders, we’re not going to comment on what HNA might or might not do with their shares and what might or might not be going on with their company. As you know, we have a shareholder agreement with them that contains protections for shareholders, and that’s probably all I will say for now.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, Patrick. You are looking at it apples-to-apples. Our guidance does call for G&A to go down and it’s pretty simple. It’s the transaction expenses for the most part that we incurred last year in doing the spend.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, Smedes. I mean, you’re right. You sort of touched on a dynamic that has been existing frankly for both our owners in the U.S. and for us and our ownership portfolio, which is at those levels of RevPAR growth given the way the cost base is growing, it gets difficult to grow margins and so margins have been pretty stable. I mean, overall, owned and operated margins for us actually for 2017 were up, but most of that was driven by results outside the U.S. And for us, in terms of IMF is it shouldn’t be a meaningful impact. I mean, you’ve recognized and frankly, most of our IMF comes from outside the U.S. and over 85% or 90% of those, of the IMF does not stand behind owner’s priority return and participates at the house profit level, which, of course, that is – margins effect house profit as well, but it’s just not – it’s not a meaningful driver of IMF for us.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, Vince, I’ll take this. It’s Kevin. I mean, last year in the U.S., I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks that there was 140 basis points in the quarter related to events. I think for the overall year, it was 100 basis points or maybe even a little bit less of a tailwind. Early in the inauguration over January last year will certainly affect D.C., but on a macro basis, it’s not going to have that big of an impact overall. And that’s all baked into our guidance. And so we do have – we did mention that some of our brands are not able to drive occupancy as much when these events go on because they’re already full, right? So that has an effect of causing us to underperform on a RevPAR growth basis a little bit versus the industry versus STR. So that’s all baked into our guidance for this year.
