Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean, listen, you can see in the fourth quarter -- first of all, thanks for the question. I think that is the $64,000 question on everybody’s mind. I mean, you could see in the fourth quarter, we had really good strength across all the segments. We’re early in the year. But in the first quarter, we continue to see that that strength continue in substance relative to 2019, obviously, versus 2022, it’s way up because of the Omicron impact. But we continue, from a fundamentals of the industry point of view, to feel very good about things. I mean, if the fundamentals are supply and demand, that’s what ultimately drives the result. The supply side is quite muted. We’re currently experiencing -- using the U.S. market, which is our biggest market, as an example, equal to the lowest levels of supply that we’ve seen. Thankfully, we get more than our fair share. But overall in the market, very low levels of supply. And that continues to be met with very strong demand. And we have not seen, for the record, any weakening. We have not -- we haven’t like seen any telltale signs. There are no threats of like any of our major segments sort of backing up. What I think is driving that is some of those cyclical and secular sort of tailwinds. First, you continue to see consumers shifting how they’re spending their money. So, maybe they’re spending a little bit less, but how they’re spending it, it continues to be shifted more towards experiences where sort of exhibit A on the experience side. The international markets are opening up. People -- you’re starting to see not just inbound to the U.S. but across the world, people traveling. Asia Pacific is opening up pretty fully. It will take a little bit more time. We saw that happen in Japan in the fourth quarter, which raged. We had strong results. So, we get the full benefit of that. China is obviously going through sort of what we went through 12 to 18 months ago with herd immunity and the like. But our view is that’s happening quite rapidly. On the ground, you’re already starting to see significant travel within China in terms of uptick. And we expect, particularly in the second half of the year, you’re going to have a big tailwind from that. And there continues to be broader pent-up demand across all segments. I mean, you could argue in the leisure side, some of that has -- the people have been doing a lot of it, but we don’t see them slowing down. So, we continue to think people partly because of the shift in -- as I mentioned, towards experiences, we continue to see strength there. On the business transient side, still good demand, very strong demand and growing demand, lots of pent-up demand. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we finished the second half of last year on the group side as people really got comfortable, we were through COVID and they could start planning events. They’ve been planning them like crazy. Even the biggest groups, all the association stuff, that really starts to hit the second half of this year because of all of the planning. Some of that’s happening. I’ve been in a lot of big events, speaking at them lately. But the group demand, which I think is pretty resilient, just because people have gone years without doing things that they need to do for survival, is pretty resilient. So, those are -- the economics of supply and demand are really good. To be specific, Carlo, and a very fair question, when we’ve given you a range of 4% to 8%, what did we sort of build into it? I mean, part of the reason that you’re suggesting a flattening or decel because, let’s be honest, it’s math. I mean, we’re going to be way up. You saw our guidance for the first quarter. The world was partly shut down in the first quarter last year. So, that’s just a comparability issue. But we have anticipated, right or wrong, we’ve tried to be conservative that the second half of the year, you’ll see macro economic conditions slow. So, if you were to categorize it, I would describe it as we have assumed in the second half of the year sort of a plateauing related to what we think will be a moderate recessionary environment in the second half of this year. And that’s what we have sort of built into what we’ve suggested to you in the numbers today.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean, I’m not going to get highly specific because we gave you a range and it would be hard to do the range that way. But I would say, directionally, the way to think about it is that occupancy sort of flattens out. We don’t believe -- and at least in the numbers we’re giving you, we don’t anticipate that occupancy even gets back to 2019 levels. RevPAR levels, we think, throughout the year will be higher because of rate integrity. For all the reasons I described in my filibuster off of Carlo’s question, we do continue to believe we will have good pricing power, at least through this year, simply because there is no capacity addition really coming into the market. But in U.S. -- the question about the U.S. market, and we do have these both cyclical and secular tailwinds that are giving us increases in demand that we think are going to allow us to continue to have pricing power. We’re not -- assuming in the second half of the year that pricing power is increasing, I would say, we assume it’s flattening or maybe even modestly lower to get to the ranges in numbers that we’ve suggested to you. So, on the occupancy side, if the world is better than everybody thinks, there may be some opportunities. Again, we -- at a very high level, we’ve assumed not a crash landing, sort of soft to bumpy landing in the U.S. with a moderate recessionary environment in the second half. But with some structural things that are going to help the business globally that I talked about and help the business in the U.S. in terms of spending patterns, group demand and pent-up demand on certain categories of business travel.
Chris Nassetta: No, no. As I commented on in my prepared remarks, and if you look at the whole pipeline, more than 90% of it has no key money, no financial support. We have not changed our view on that. If you look at the aggregate dollars in CapEx, and you peeled out what we’re spending in key money, actually, if you average last year and this year together because we had some things we thought would happen last year that are happening this year, it’s actually lower than what we’ve been suggesting to everybody over the last couple of quarters. So no, I don’t -- we still view the opportunity to grow as very strong and without the use of our balance sheet and that ultimately is driven by what you would guess it is. Everybody investing in our portfolio of brands is doing it to get a return, and our brands are the highest performing brands in individual segments. But overall, when you aggregate them together, and people are continuing to want to invest with us in that way. So, a long-winded way of saying, no, we don’t see anything. In fact, I think the trend line for us overall in key money, I’m looking at Kevin, he runs development, too, so make sure he agrees with this. But the trend line is down, meaning over the last couple of years, we’ve had a little bit of elevated key money in aggregate dollars because during COVID, a bunch of things we’ve been working on a long time came together or some other people’s deals blew up, and we were able to sweep in on some very strategic things at a moment in time. And those were lumpy, but we always have opportunities we’re working on. But I think those lumpy -- there are going to be fewer of those lumpy things. So, I think -- honestly, I think in an aggregate dollar sense over the next few years, the trend line is down, not up.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. The only thing I would add -- all of that I agree wholeheartedly. The only thing I would add to that is that’s not -- our longer-range views on the balance sheet and return of capital haven’t changed. We have been very consistent since the beginning of time. It feels like saying we want to be 3 to 3.5 times. We’re at the low end or below -- a little bit below the low end of the range for the reasons Kevin just described. We think debt markets are choppy. They’ll get better. Over the intermediate and longer term, we don’t intend to run leverage at those levels. We would intend to be in the ranges, frankly, and that’s -- we’ve said it on these calls, probably towards the high end of the range, in a more normalized environment or even beyond that is something that we would certainly -- we’ve been asked and said many times publicly, we would consider. We just need -- we’re just looking for a little bit more stability in the debt markets. And obviously, as Kevin said, we don’t have the need. And as I commented in my answer to the earlier question on key money, which is the primary use in terms of CapEx, we don’t think we need a whole lot more. So, any borrowing, any re-leveraging or leveraging up, obviously, this affords us the opportunity to return even more capital. So, I think there will -- those opportunities will exist. We gave you what we think right now, and we’ll see how the debt markets and broadly how the macro sort of shifts going forward.
Chris Nassetta: I would say we don’t think there are any real competitors. I mean, meaning that, if we do our job, we’re going to sort of come in plus or minus 20% below true, which would still probably be above, if you look on average, it will be above where most of the folks in the existing segment are. That’s why, like we like to do, we’re a branding company. We’ve made up a segment. We called it premium economy. So, our view would be it is above the traditional economy space. It will price above, both because of the strength of our system, our commercial engines, loyalty system and all those things, but importantly, because it will be a better, higher quality, more consistent product.
Chris Nassetta: Not rates actually lowered. Just basically, plateauing relative to ‘19 in the second half of the year.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean -- honestly, I think it may be a bit of conservatism on our part. I do think we get -- by the way, Robin, we can get back there tomorrow if we wanted. But we could jump rates because we could occupy ourselves up. But we don’t want to do that. We actually manage, as you can see with the rate growth, we are trying to manage in this cycle, particularly given the environment, inflation and everything else, really effectively to drive the best bottom line results for our owners, in this case, that to a degree, our occupancy levels are driven by pricing strategies. Okay? Some of it is still -- I think there is more recovery and more pent-up demand, particularly business travel and the group segment. So, I absolutely believe there’s never been a cycle that I’m aware of that in recorded history where we will not go above prior occupancy level, so I think that we will. It may happen this year. Honestly, if we continue to have pricing power, I kind of hope it doesn’t. And I hope it happens next year that we continue to be able to drive rate and thus higher margins and more profitability for our ownership community.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. First of all on Waldorf, there’s no -- that’s driven by individual hotels. Just the Waldorf brand, unlike our other brands, there’s not so many hotels that one dynamic in one particular market or two markets will drive it. So, there’s no -- we’re not broadly seeing slowdown in luxury. To the contrary, we’re continuing to see -- we’re continuing to see great strength. I’ll dish the second part of that to K.J.
Chris Nassetta: The simplest way to look -- system-wide last year, we finished in share at the highest levels in our history, and we gained share both in rate and occupancy. So -- but those numbers across the system would not support that theory.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean, the labor market situation has eased a lot. So as we talk to -- I mean, listen, we employ a lot of people. We operate a lot of hotels because I talk to our team, but beyond that, talk to our franchise community. I think they would say that broadly, we are not fully back to where we were in terms of access to labor, but we’re getting awfully close. And so, if it was on a scale of 1 to 10 a year ago a 10 in terms of extremis, it’s a 4 or 5. I mean, it was something we were talking about every single day, every conversation, and it is not quite as topical, which is the good indication. So, I think the labor situation is easing. You continue to see across a broad universe of other industries, notwithstanding what the Fed is saying, a lot of layoffs, including, of course, through technology, but through banking, also through retail, where people had really staffed up thinking that the COVID retail demand was going to be maintained and it hasn’t. And so, there are a lot of people that are getting pushed back out into the job market, and that’s allowing -- affording us the opportunity to get the labor that we need. You’ve also seen, while wage rates went up a lot during COVID, net-net from ‘19 to now, you’ve seen that start to stabilize. And those kind of big increases are not continuing. They’re at a higher absolute level, but the level -- the rate of increase has diminished substantially. In terms of how we think about IMF, we feel good about IMF. I think for the year, we expect IMF to add significantly to the growth rate. We think this year we expect that it will get over our prior high watermark of ‘19.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I think we do think it would be within that range. We continue to see strength. We do expect like all the segments that you will see some plateauing as a result of a slower macro environment in the second half of the year. But we still feel very good about it. The demand trends here and now are really strong. And while there’s a lot of noise out there, if you go back -- just went back and looked at the number, consumers still have incremental savings in the U.S. relative to the month before COVID of $1.5 trillion. Now -- so that peaked at like $2.7 trillion. It’s down to $1.5 trillion. So, they are spending it, and they’re probably reading the papers and watching the news and getting more nervous. And so, that would be a behavior set that would say that maybe they pull back a little bit. But the reality is we’re not seeing it. And I think part of the reason we’re not seeing it, okay, and time will tell, is because of the phenomena that I described earlier in the call, which is they’re shifting their spending. So not only do they still have incremental savings in their pockets and feel reasonably good, but they’re spending a lot more of it at bars and restaurants and travel as a percentage of their overall spend. And so, we have anticipated, like all segments, there’ll be a little bit of a headwind in the second half of the year, but we do expect leisure to be in those ranges.
Chris Nassetta: Listen, it is an ancillary benefit on the margin, meaning if we do have older Hamptons like other third-party products that we think aren’t fitting for Hampton, as you know, we’ve been quite disciplined in keeping the Hampton brand, the strongest brand in lodging, in my opinion, by pushing properties out that are past their prime and don’t make sense in the system. There -- I think over the next 10 years, there is some percentage of those that we will certainly look at keeping in the system. I think in the end, Bill, it will be a very small percentage of the overall system. And if I look at the deals that we have in-house right now, 98% of the deals we are processing right now are third-party brands. So, there are a few Hamptons in there. But there’s no other Hilton brands in there, but there are a few Hamptons. But I would say it’s an ancillary benefit on the margin. A lot of those hotels, frankly, over time, are going to exit the system as we’ve been doing for time and eternity.
Chris Nassetta: Hey Greg, can you hear us? Your -- we can’t understand what you’re saying. Your connection is super garbled.
Chris Nassetta: I’m probably more optimistic by nature than Kevin. That’s our roles. But no, I think we feel -- we felt pretty good about getting back to it a quarter ago. So I agree in the sense we don’t feel differently. And I think we were asked on the last call, what does it look like? And we said it looks like you get this terra firma with a view on the U.S. economy either in recession or -- where people have a little bit more certainty. I don’t think we’ve accomplished -- that hasn’t really changed. Then, we said China, okay, that we got to get China back and reopened. And while it’s not fully reopened, it’s happening. So I think on the margin, we feel better about that. And we didn’t have -- we in our heads had Spark, but we didn’t tell you about Spark. And so, we now have Spark there, and I think that provides, no pun intended, a little bit of spark to our progress in getting back there. So, we felt pretty good about it a quarter ago. I think we feel pretty good about it now.
Chris Nassetta: Thank you, Chad, and thank you all for joining us. As you can imagine -- or I hope you would imagine, we’re pleased with the state of the recovery, fourth quarter numbers are great. While we’re sentient and watching the macro trends, we feel very good about what we’re seeing right now in the business and advanced bookings and all the things that sidelines that we have into the business. We think we’re going to have another really good year. And we appreciate the support. We appreciate the time. We look forward to catching up with everybody after the first quarter to give you more sightlines into what we’re seeing then. So, thank you, and have a great day.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Carl, we think it’s going to be higher. I mean a couple of different reasons. One, conversions continue to be more important as the world gets a little bit tougher, although those conditionings are loosening. It has been tougher for new construction, as you know. So conversions become even more important. And then, Spark, as we’ve talked about in our prepared remarks, is a 100% conversion brand. So, we don’t think there’s going to be a ton of those introduced this year. But by the end of the year, we’ll start delivering those. And so that will drive a little bit higher level of conversion. So, the way we think about it, we don’t guide specifically, but higher than that 24%, say, probably 30% or higher for the year.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Joe, I think, look, historically -- or not historically, over the last few years, it’s been less volatile, right? So, if RevPAR was up 45%ish for the year this year, those fees were up something less than that, although still very robustly. And HGV is public, so you can look at what they’ve grown when they report. I think in a more normalized RevPAR environment of 4% to 8%, they should grow slightly high -- they should grow at a rate that’s better than the overall business. And so largely dependent on spend, although our credit card program set a record for spend in the fourth quarter and for the full year, would spend about 50% higher than it was even in 2019. So, that program is doing quite well, although it should be -- it should grow better than RevPAR over time, but it will be a little bit less volatile than it’s been just given what’s been going on in the world.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Sure, Shaun. Thanks. I’ll start with sort of maybe the construction trends more broadly and then maybe hand it off to Chris to cover Spark a little bit. I think what you’ve seen -- look, there’s a lot of puts and takes, right? So, you’re talking about the interest rate environment and availability of capital. And obviously, rates are a lot higher than they had been. And availability of capital is a little bit more constrained, but there’s still plenty of money available for the right projects in the world. If you think about what’s going on at the local and regional bank level is different than what’s going on at the money center banks in terms of capital constraints and things like that. You have some headwinds as we would say in terms of construction costs coming down. They’re still higher than they were in 2019 by about 20% to 30%, but that’s off of peaks and moving in the right direction. And then, as we’ve been talking about the fundamental environment gives people more confidence that when the hotel -- when they develop the hotel and it opens, it will perform at a higher level than maybe it otherwise would have. So, their pro forma goes up. So, you sort of put all that into gonculator, and that’s why starts started to build in the U.S. and ended up higher in the U.S. last year than they were the year before. It depends on where you are in the world. Obviously, it was really difficult -- not only was it difficult to get hotels open/impossible in China at the end of the year because, literally, the offices that gave you your certificate of occupancy were closed. And so, that’s why you saw a little bit of softness in our NUG. That same environment is going on in starts. So, if you’re in China, starts have been behind. But we think starts are going to continue to build from here. The fundamental setup does give developers optimism. And the way they’re thinking about it, they can absorb, not in all cases but in a lot of cases, they can absorb a higher cost of their construction loan and thinking that the world will be in a better place when they open the hotel, it will perform better and that when they roll their construction loan into a permanent loan, then hopefully, the rate environment will be a little bit more normalized. So, those are sort of some of the puts and takes of what’s going on in the world.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. I think it’s played through based on the programs that have been approved thus far in Europe. I mean, if -- there’s maybe a little bit more to come through based on things we’ve for that haven’t quite come yet, through a very small amount. And who knows, if anything more will come, but we’re not expecting any. And the thing I would say is if you look at it on a normalized basis, because remember, we had subsidies in 2021 as well, if you sort of pull all that out, the growth has been quite dramatic. And we continue to think that that portfolio will grow at a higher rate than the overall business this year.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. David, I have to say that, yes, it’s a firm number. We wouldn’t have given it to you. I assume that goes without saying, but I can’t help myself. So yes, as of now, it’s a firm number. That’s what we think. It’s a range for a reason. There’s a lot of year left and a lot could happen. I think if -- I did read your note this morning, so I think I know where you’re going with this. Right now, we’re a little bit lower than our historic range of leverage. That range does assume effectively no borrowing for the year because we think that the borrowing -- and we don’t like the borrowing environment right now. It’s very choppy. Rates are higher than we used to. And so, that assumes that leverage stays roughly flat to slightly down for the year. And that’s what -- and yes, that’s what the range of guidance and EBITDA will spit out for capital return, again, recognizing that we’re a very high free cash flow business. And we don’t do -- other than what we were just talking about with a little bit of key money and a little bit of capital, we don’t do much else with the money other than pay a small dividend and use it for buybacks. And so, that’s the range for now.
Kevin Jacobs: I think it’s both, Robin. I mean, the environment is creating a drag both -- created a drag in the fourth quarter on openings and also has created a drag on starts because it’s just broadly when they reopen and then -- before it was lockdown, now it’s they reopen and everybody gets sick, but the net result is the business activity comes -- is a drag on business activity. So signing starts and opens were all affected by it. We don’t think it’s a long-term trend in China. We think it’s timing. And yes, by definition, if we -- as I said earlier in the Q&A, if there was an environment where you literally have a completed hotel that can’t open because it can’t get a significant of occupancy, we don’t give you quarterly guidance. So, we’re not going to get into like when those hotels are going to open. But I think you can assume they’re going to open on a delay.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Rich, I’m sorry, I didn’t -- maybe a little bit of clarification on the second part. I’m not fully understanding where you were going with that. I’m sorry.
Kevin Jacobs: No. Our market share is up across the board, right? So, we’re driving better revenue outcomes than our competitors. You may be looking at individual. I don’t know what you’re looking at in terms of our competitors or individual sort of spot rates for year-on-year. We’d be happy to…
Kevin Jacobs: No. There’s always timing issues in terms of those line items. In the end, we have revenue and all of our various funds and programs are going to run breakeven over time, and then you’re just seeing timing issues on the P&L.
Kevin Jacobs: Operationally, obviously, it has effects in each individual market where your pricing labor in those currencies. It’s a very small headwind single-digit millions of dollars headwind in this year’s numbers.
Kevin Jacobs: Look, I think we said what we said for a reason, Brandt, not to be sort of cagey about it, but there’s a lot can go one way or the other in the world. We still feel great about getting back to 6% to 7%. I don’t -- Chris may have a different view. I don’t feel differently today than I did three months ago about that. I think the world is coming our way a little bit. But we don’t expect -- none of these things stay constant, right? I mean, these trends will change, and we always think the world is going to come our way. So, I don’t feel that much better in three months from now.
