Chris Nassetta: We have been hard at work on the 1031 and since we announced it but honestly before we announced it, while we couldn't be out actively in the market prior to the announcement we were tracking everything that was available very closely and have now been very, very actively engaged in the markets. I think the first of all, simply stated to do the Tiffany what it all has to be domestic U.S. assets in order to qualify as a 1031 so it will not be any components of International. And I think it terms of the types of assets it wouldn't surprise you to know that we are looking at institutional grade assets in the best urban and Resort destinations. We’re looking at large single assets and some portfolios that would be in those types of locations. Generally, it is not exclusively in the upper upscale and above so upper upscale in luxury segments of the business and a mixture of assets that are pre-existing and our portfolio within our poor photo brands today in those that are not with the objective ideally been to have a blend of those things so that as we put this money to work reported to working great assets and great markets and do it at a great price to create – to firm up the very significant arbitrage between what we’re selling for and what we are buying for to the extent we can do all those things and grow the system that's a very positive thing so that is what we are trying to accomplish. As I said we’re making very good progress. We are very confident in getting it done probably give the timeframes over the next 60 to 90 days really probably the next 60 days will be giving you a more specific detail on what assets markets, etcetera.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, the good news story – the reason we’re optimistic is what we've been talking about frankly as part of the IPO and since is the objective we have from a development strategy point of view and a brand strategy point in view is to win everywhere meaning it is a big world, things ebb and flow and we feel like if we have the right brand both existing and we launch the right brands and we adapt those brands intelligently for different market conditions that we can continue to grow in good times and bad and that growth may ebb and flow and be higher or lower in various pieces around the world, but nonetheless we can continue to grow which is why only is our pipeline growing but you see in our preliminary guidance for net unit growth next year that we’re stepping up our expectations of new unit openings. So we are still very, very confident in our ability to do that. We’re continuing to see healthy growth really in all regions of the world. We have had I think good strategies in Europe where we needed to that was more focused early on for value proposition limited service and conversion and in China I would say we just opened our 50th hotel. We have 150 hotels in the pipeline I know others have commented it, some of the progress has slowed. I think that's right. We are over 70% of our 150 hotels in the pipeline in China are under construction, so I'm confident that those hotels are going to open. Might take a little bit longer so I think there's no question things have slowed a bit in China but what's really happening in China in my opinion is something that frankly we've been talking about for the last couple years which is the complexion of what's going to happen there is going to change. That like other parts of the world, China what is going to get developed is going to change and it's going to be changing based on overall demand patterns and overall demand patterns suggest that the greatest demand is going to be in the midmarket. Reality is that big international companies that have captured the high end pretty well and the local companies like Plateno and 7 Days have captured the low end and we think that there is a huge opportunity in the midmarket both because nobody has really captured the flag so to speak but also that's where the greatest amount of demand is going to be. And so it's a great example of how we’re adapting, this year alone without even the launch of Hampton, just with Garden Inn 30% of the deals that we have signed year-to-date which is about 6600 – 6700 rooms in China which is back in consistent with last year but what's different about it is that 30% of its limited service and that's just Garden Inn. Now with the Hampton launch in and our relationship with Plateno, I think what you're going to see is tremendous opportunity for an uptick over time in the volume of what we're doing in China. I just think the complexion of it's going to be different and it is going to be reflective of what I think the bulk of the demand growth is going to be in that market. So that's a long winded but the point of it is really trying to be very strategic about the deployment of our brands around the world, right brands at the right time in the right markets.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, Joe, I think on the first question it's 60:40 probably, probably 60% international openings, 55%, 60% the rest of U.S. next year and about the same management franchise. It is going to be probably five ticks off of an even split, one way or another and IMF, you know year-to-date we’re obviously doing really well. We do think that as we've been saying IMF is going to continue to tick up. So we obviously have not given it, we’re not giving guidance on segments or parts of segments from and EBITDA point of view at this call because we are in the budget process. I do expect that trends on IMF to continue to move upward.
Chris Nassetta: I think what we’re hearing from the development community, it's little bit different as you travel around the world, the world is a big place. But I think it's generally quite positive. The mix of what we’re doing if you think about it sort of U.S. and everything else and the U.S. the majority of the deals we’re doing are with existing developers even with our new brands which is not surprising I would say, it's 75% plus or minus the last number I saw with existing owners which we love, I think it is reflective of the fact that they like our brands and our engines and we are driving great results by having very high market share. If you go to the rest the world by definition because it's a less mature business for us, those ratios aren't quite as high. I think it doesn't quite flip around but the majority of the deals we’re doing outside the U.S. are with new partners which is great just because we don't have as big a base out there and what I'm hearing and – I would say, again the world is a big place but generally the development community is quite positive. I would say in the U.S. incrementally more positive. The U.S. fundamentals continue to tick up. The economy is getting a bit better and so I think the development community is feeling better. I think in Europe again more recently I think there is a view that European economy is sort of stabilizing may be getting decent foundation to start the show a little bit more growth, not terribly robust growth but a little bit more growth. So I would say most recently developers have been getting more optimistic, not less. Middle East has remained optimistic is what I would say. Non-U.S., Americas I would say fairly consistently – consistent and remaining optimistic and Asia-Pacific is a big place, but broadly I would say there continues to be nice optimism there. As I said it's changing in different parts of the world. I think probably China being the most dramatic in my opinion, in a good way for us because I think we think it's the right thing to do. We've anticipated it. We've been working on this Plateno thing for the better part of a year and figuring out the limited service space with an intense focus for the last couple of years, but long winded answer but I would say from a quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year point to view I would say incrementally that development community if I average the world is slightly more upbeat.
Chris Nassetta: It is more the latter than the former. If you look at the breakdown of our incentive management fees 75% of it is I think as Kevin said is international. If you look at the components of growth incentive management fees, 65% of the growth in the quarter was international so the majority of that and you know those do not generally sit behind owner return. So we had nice growth in U.S., don’t get me wrong, 35% of the overall incentive management fee growth was U.S. participations have moved up in the U.S., probably by about 10 points but it's still the minority of the growth. If you look at sort of what's organic growth, same-store growth versus new unit growth about 65% of it is coming from same-store. Again predominately international, strong International hotels and results [ph] in about 35% of it is coming from the new units almost all of which would be international in terms of new units that have instead of management fee contracts because most of the growth at that moment in the U.S. is franchise growth and limited service which wouldn't have incentive management fee contracts.
Chris Nassetta: I think it was international assets and a couple in the lease portfolio in particular. I don't think there's anything anomalous to think about it, I think it's just this quarter leased.
Chris Nassetta: In terms of the incentive management fees I think, I view it as a real positive which is again the bulk of our IMF and thus the bulk of our growth is in the international state. It's a linear equation in the sense that we don't sit behind perhaps, so as the markets around the world get stronger and we see profitability grow we get to share in our fair share of it without stepping up over the cliff. I mean we’re showing very good healthy growth year-to-date 24% IMF growth. We think we feel pretty good about that. We expect to have about 20% for the full year and as we have said many times we do think over time as we both see operating performance continue to improve around the world and we add a lot of new units with these types of contracts outside the U.S. that you are going to continue to see the IMF growth rate move up. But there are some to be specific in the U.S. where we don't have participation where the switch will go on but the U.S. is in aggregate only 25% of our overall incentive management fees.
Chris Nassetta: That's a great question and we've spent a lot of time on it over the last year or so. I think obviously this year we would have, going into the year probably thought more of our growth would be in the form of rate than it has been. And I view it as a real positive that it's not in terms of sort of a telltale sign of where we’re in the cycle meaning mid-cycle with a long runway in front of us. And what's really happening is while we are driving rate, we’re – and while we are above prior high-level occupancy marks we’re continuing to just get smarter about the revenue management side of the business. I think as an industry but obviously I'm partial to us. I think we've been doing a good job and what that really has meant – I mean there are a lot of things but it's really looking at weekends particularly and off peak times. I think we've just gotten much, much better about driving business on Friday, Saturday, Sunday and if you think about it we always have capacity in most of our hotels because the bulk of our hotels are driven by the business side. So you always on Friday, Saturday, Sunday have capacity and if you can fill it even though you’re driving more occupancy in a rate you want to take it all day long at a reasonable rate because you’re just driving incremental profitability. And that's what's been happening, if I look at our occupancy numbers on weekends they've been moving up. If I look at our market share on weekends it's been moving up and that's what is sort of taking us over the prior peaks of occupancy that people have gotten used to thinking about. So I think it's in part because we've done a good job. I think it's sort of the new norm and I don't think we are done. I think next year we’re in the middle of budget season. So I don't have the answer in front of me but I can tell you directionally we’re definitely going to see more rate growth than occupancy – the mix is going to be more rate than occupancy then you saw this year. When we finish this year it's probably going to be 55 – 45 because of a phenomenon that I described. Again that's all on driving profitability and great for the business, I don't think it's something to worry about. I think it's something to revel in. Next year you'll see more of it but we will have some more occupancy because I still think there's more to do by being intelligent about weekends and sort of off peak times and how we revenue manage.
Chris Nassetta: In terms of renovation, it's unclear, we did a lot of work that we've talked about some of that on prior calls to understand the various options on how to redevelopment Waldorf. Anbang is a relationship that actually we've been building over the last year but the relationship in terms of their acquisition of the Waldorf was relatively recent and obviously we are all very busy getting the transaction negotiated. We have now entered the process with Anbang of sharing all of the various work that we've done in a more detailed way and I would say we will probably take the next six to nine months with them to review those alternatives that we've come up with and make sure we've sort of figured out what thoughts they have before we layout the exact plan for the Waldorf. So there is a lot of work being done but it's going to take, it's a major investment there making to buy it, it's another very significant investment, they are going to make to renovate. We all want to get it right so we’re going to spend the next six months or so making sure we pin it down properly.
Chris Nassetta: I think we do a very good job. I always think we can do better, so our cross sell capabilities I think are quite good. I'm not sure anybody has any better but it is one of the things that I and we have focused on making sure that we get even better at that, that can also help drive system wide occupancy and ultimately system-wide RevPAR growth.
Chris Nassetta: I think as it relates to the big eight for the moment we’re going to hold onto those. I don't see anything like a Waldorf transaction in the offering. As we have talked about many times we’re not in love with the real estate for the sake of feeling like we have to own it. We’re really just trying to maximize value for the whole shareholder base. At the moment the Waldorf deal made a lot of sense for the reasons, I think I've articulated and that are obvious by the virtue of the math. I think the way to maximize the value of that other real estate at the moment given the condition specific to those assets is to keep inside the company. If at any point we think that is not the case we will be the first ones to want to do something about it as I'm pretty consistent saying likely option for that would be to do some sort of structured transaction to make sure that we’ve tax efficiency. The Waldorf, if we’re getting tax efficiency with a 1031. As was pointed out it's a lot of money to place, in theory, we’re accomplishing a lot of objectives including getting a massive reinvestment done without the use of our capital. That was sort of unique in the big eight portfolio. So I think the way to think about the real estate for us on a go forward basis and the bulk of those big eight is, if there was a time at which it made sense to bifurcate the business and that that would drive a greater value for the shareholder base we would be interested in doing that. As we look at it as I’ve said in the last couple of calls and we constantly are looking at this we just don't think that's the case at the moment. Net of cost break etcetera, we think that value equation is to keep the rest of it together.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I will take them one at a time. On the six years of inventory you’re right, I mean that's more significant than what you would find with most of our competition and we like that. It makes us feel good that in a business that we are really converting to being heavily capital-light much like no tell a business that we've got a lot of running room which we think is testament to the strength of the brand and the testament to the business model which is to say by the virtue the fact we can build six years of inventory very quickly. This is a very sustainable business and business model. I think that the right range is generally somewhere in the 4 to 6 years, that’s how we would think about it. I think we are at the upper end of that. The higher the better, right. But 4 to 6 years is how we would look at that. As it relates to the inquiry on the Waldorf, I don't want to get into a lot of detail other than to say we actually went to the U.S. government as unilaterally as part of the announcement of the deal. We have had discussions which have been informal discussions and I'm confident as I said in my prepared remarks it will be able to close the transaction and the timeframes that have been previously disclosed.
Chris Nassetta: It is a mix of both. Interestingly, I think over time you will have a pretty even split. I would even guess the majority will be conversions or adaptive reuse, maybe conversions of independent hotels, it may be conversions of older office buildings or buildings that have character in a particular location. I would expect the majority would be made up of those types of transactions. As it turns out in the first 11, majority are actually new build opportunities. But I think that is just you’re dealing with a comp set of 11 hotels. I think it's going to be, as I said in my comments – what we've tried to do is engineer the DNA of this, so that either new build or conversion are very, very cost efficient to drive obviously brand integrity at the top that drives a lot of revenue but cost efficiency to build and to operate that will drive great owner return. So I think both ways, both new build and conversion it works, but I would think over time majority will be conversion.
Chris Nassetta: The answer is to number one, yes, to the extent we can seed any of our brands. So it's anything in the upper upscale and above so it's all of the ones you've noted plus others. Conrad, Waldorf, Hilton and Canopy and Curio, so anything we can do to increase the distribution of those brands is definitely at the forefront. And we have some opportunities to do that and the deals that are in the funnel that we’re working on – we also as I said have deals that are already in the system, not surprisingly that are terrific assets and great urban or resort destinations. We’re not counting – and the nug [ph] as we call it the net unit growth numbers that we gave you, we’re not counting those conversions.David Loeb – Robert W. Baird: Okay. So just to follow-up in that kind of an indirect one--
Chris Nassetta: The answer is some are and some are not. Blackstone is probably if not the one of the top two or three owners of hotel real estate in the world and we happen to manage and franchise a bunch of hotels with them. So in terms of our consideration set of deals, Blackstone a number of their assets would definitely be in our funnel.
Chris Nassetta: We did not have a lot of them. We have some of them. I mean they take different forms but we do have what I would say sort of multi-asset franchise relationships, which is what this really is. This is a different in the sense I think the volume is going to be bigger than some others but we have some others that are sizable. And so it is not abnormal other than we think it's going to produce significantly higher results in the terms of the goal of doing 400 hotels. I don't think there's a better partner we spent, honestly the better part of two years, figuring out how we would go about really penetrating the 3 to 3.5 star space given my earlier comments. We think that is mission critical to success in China for a business in China and outbound business coming out of China. We considered lots of different options, and joint ventures and go it alone and finding a partner and one of this is just finding a good partner – Plateno, you know we start talking to frankly about year ago. We have been working on this a long time and given their track record and given the relationship we built with that we’ve very high degree of confidence in their ability to execute with us. We've done some amazing things with the design work with what we're going to do in the commercial set up, for what we are going to do with Hampton and I'm a 100% confident that doing it with them is going to accelerate our ability to penetrate the 3 – 3.5 Star versus doing it on our own by multiples.
Chris Nassetta: Well thanks, everybody. We appreciate the time. We are obviously very happy with the results for the third quarter. We are excited about the momentum we have going into the fourth quarter more importantly, great momentum I think going into next year. Feel great about where we are in this cycle. Appreciate your time and attention today on a Friday and Halloween and look forward to catching up with you after we finish out the year. Take care and have a great weekend.
Kevin Jacobs: There is more core, larger core Hilton's that are leased in some of the parts of the world where there is stuff going on and I don't think it is much more than that.
Kevin Jacobs: Sure, I will give you what I can in terms of what we know at the moment. So you’re right $2 billion is a lot of money to put out there. Obviously I spend a lot of years of my life in that side of the business, so I think it's something we’re comfortable doing. I think yes, we’re willing buyer but thankfully we are part of the stage in the cycle where there are plenty of willing sellers. We are relatively unique and that we have $2 billion of cash that is going to get placed not, everybody is sitting around with $2 billion let alone all in cash. The way the 1031 rules work is you probably know we have a period of time after closing which to identify properties. We can identify two times the amount so we can identify $4 billion of properties to ultimately acquire half of that. That gives us the ability to put a lot in the funnel and decide based on quality and pricing and other considerations what we want to do. From a multiples point of view I will comment when we've done something but I think you can see sort of where things have been trading, that have occurred this year in the REIT world or private equity world and I think you can get a pretty good beat on where multiples are. In the end we sold the Waldorf at 32 times and I think we view the buy at something much closer to our own multiple which I think is – you can do the math, creates a huge arbitrage, meaning we’re going to take what was $61 million of EBITDA that the Waldorf reduced trailing 12 and it's going to turn into – I will let you do the math, it's going to turn into a lot more EBITDA than that if we do our job well and we fully intend to do so.
Kevin Jacobs: Moody's has just upgraded us one notch recently. So you can look at the press release they put out and the way we think about it is, we still think that 3 to 4 times is the right target leverage for the company. We think that will get us to investment grade. You could see points in cycle where they have a different view of what investment grade means if we get to three times leverage and we are not exactly investment grade we will evaluate it at that time. So we've been pretty consistent that that's our target and once we reach our target we won't overcook it and we will start thinking about the traditional forms of capital return.
Kevin Jacobs: No. I don't think so. I mean we actually tracked from a margin point – I mean there is always sort of nuances of what goes on both property and enterprise wide quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year comp issues that get complicated but I won't try and handle in a call and the limited time I have other than to say we felt great about the margins, actually, from a standpoint of how we came out at the property level and sort of the managed portfolio and how that translated into enterprise wide margin growth at 160 bps and 210 bps year-to-date. It all tracked frankly above what our expectations were. So I think best way to look at is where we are in margins year-to-date and where we’re in terms of our forecast for the year versus our initial that guidance and expectations and I think in all those regards we’re sort of trending a bit better than we thought.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, 5 to 7, I mean in an oversimplified way Thomas, I would say sort of U.S. towards the higher end. The rest of the world may be middle lower end of that range, and that’s how you get to a 5 to 7 range. We said another way, we think U.S. will lead the charge as it is this year. And the rest of the world will be a little bit lighter than U.S., not materially but a little bit.
