Christopher Nassetta: Yes maybe to take your last - the last part of the question first. Yes, that was what I said in my prepared comments. I mean in terms of net unit growth I mean obviously early days. But if we think about it this way a half a point which is what we've sort of said we think the impact would be half - roughly half our deliveries in China. If you took 100% of the deliveries out put it in perspective it would be a point.We do not think that will happen. We've already delivered 1,500-plus rooms in China this year. We opened the hotel yesterday. There are parts of China that are still business as usual in terms of deliveries. So, we do think that the half a point is reasonable to maybe conservative and is largely within the bounds of our 6% to 7%. In terms of the broader assumptions, again, I can't stress enough that this is really preliminary that - this is a, sort of evolving situation.We're reporting at a time where we know a bunch but not that much relative to where this thing is going. But we thought - the only responsible thing to do was to sort of look at historical perspective and give everybody the best sense that we have and use science around - the data that we have. So as we said briefly in the comments what we looked at is sort of in a range of outcomes three months to six months of the escalation and impact from the outbreak.And then these things don't turn around typically overnight. Another three months to six months on recovery so essentially a 6-month to 12-month period of time. And if you look at SARS and other things, again, this may play out entirely differently and we don't know. But if you look at prior history in the industry and impact, those seem to be sort of reasonable guardrails for how we see it today and that's how we develop those. And that is a holistic view when we gave you those numbers.It involves the impact that would ripple through from NUG. As I've talked about, it involves the impact in China, both for closures and lesser business. It involves outbound business leaving China and it incorporates all of that, again as scientifically as we can into the outputs. I mean, keeping in mind a couple of other stats and then I'll park it and I'm sure there'll be other questions that China represents China - in China for us 2.7% of the overall EBITDA of the company.If you look at system-wide revenues outside of China, it represents about 0.7% of system-wide revenues. In the United States, it represents about 0.2% of U.S. system-wide revenues, just to give context and perspective.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes I think, without diving too deeply into things that are competitive. I would say, at a high level and much of this I've talked about, what we're trying to do is build a program where we can not only get membership up, but get a higher level of engagement. And that level of engagement as we look at it - and I look at it, it's not just about our highest tier members which of course, we want to keep super engaged, but getting engagement throughout the entire ecosystem.Because, in the end, what we're trying to do across the entire ecosystem is build direct relationships, because ultimately we know that it's a better experience for our customers and it's better for our owners, because it lowers our distribution cost. And so, we've had a bunch of different things. These partnerships are part of it. But, I think, if you started at the top of the order, it first has been - and this - was done a few years ago, about creating the best value.So when you're an Honors member you get the best price. When you're an Honors member, you get the best value, meaning that your points have real value. Whether you're a gold or a diamond at the highest levels, they obviously have value. But making sure that we have lower-tier members engaged as well and that - when you think about our Amazon deal, which I didn't talk about today.But we have in the past about the Lyft, earn and burn about Live Nation being able to buy tickets on Ticketmaster suddenly you have things that - you have relationships that allow all members to be engaged with us. And when they're buying things, using our points, whether it's nail clippers, or diapers on Amazon, or a ticket to go to a concert, it reminds them of why the relationship with Hilton matters and it.And we know that it drives more loyalty and repeat business. The other things that we're trying to do with Live Nation and others is, once in a lifetime experiences, particularly for our most loyal members, things that they just - money can't buy. And then technology, when we think about digital key, digital check-in, room selection, connected room and a whole bunch of other things that we're doing on the innovation side and technology.It's about not only just giving them the best price, the best value but then making sure that our Honors members are getting the best experience. And that we're using to answer your question we're using all of the data that we're getting in how we interact with them in every element of their stay to personalize and customize what they want, the room types they want. Where they want to be in a building, what their preferences are in food and beverage.How they interact with the outside environment - how, they interact with the inside environment of the hotel and the outside environment of the hotel. So, we're broadly starting to really harness all of the data to ultimately personalize at mass scale experiences that we think will continue to build loyalty. So again this is - the thing that we've been really crazy focused on really over the last five years in particular, is engagement across the whole ecosystem.And so, when you look at our 100-plus million members, over half of those members and growing are engaged. So that means by definition, we have a whole bunch of lower-tier members that are engaged with us meaning they are buying rooms from us. And we know when they become an Honors member that, it's high 90s percent of the time that they buy directly through us and thus help us keep distribution costs as efficient as possible.
Christopher Nassetta: I feel pretty good about it I mean here's the thing. This is where having the best brands in the business matter. We talk a lot about market share. What matters most to developers is absolute market share, because that's what drives revenues for them when they build a new property, and we have the highest by a long stretch average market share of anybody in the industry. So, what's happening is we are getting a disproportionate amount of development even when it is difficult in an environment like the U.S.Where costs have gone up, cost of financing, cost to build, RevPARs are tepid we are still ultimately doing pretty well. I mean our starts - while signings have continued since 2016 to go down, starts actually had been going down and flipped around in the U.S. using that as an example. We were up about 13% in starts in the U.S., which I think is a testament to the fact that our brands are performing well enough where we're getting a disproportionate.Even though it's a smaller pool we're getting a bigger piece of a smaller pool. The other thing I'd say that's a really important notice, the world is a big place. I mean - - the reason we gave the stats on what we've done over 10 years and what we've done over five years is to give sort of a little context for the fact that during that timeframe we went through the Great Recession. We've had all sorts of good and bad things happening over that timeframe.Yet, we have always been able to sort of pivot and find the pockets of demand and where capital is available to continue to grow and grow in a way that our owners are profiting. But also, we're continuing to build our network effect so that we're continuing to strengthen our overall ecosystem for our customers.And so, the world is a big place. The U.S. has been in a slowing mode in development. We've been doing fine, but it has been slowing. I suspect in a low growth environment that will continue to happen. I suspect we'll continue to get it a disproportionate share of it if we do our job and we intend to.But the world is a big place and we're - we continue every year. That's why we point out sign more deals, start more deals, and ultimately deliver more deals because we have an ability we've being a big global business and with brands that are performing equally well around the world and relationships that are very deep around the world to pivot and be strategic about where we're going and who we're growing with.
Christopher Nassetta: And the way I would look at it is most of the conversions occur in the U.S. not all, but most. And it was roughly 80/20 new units versus conversions, which is what it's been for the last few years.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. That's a great question and the answer is yes. And that is not something that we have missed. We've been focused on it I'd say in a couple of primary ways and a bunch of other ancillary ways. The first is in conversions which as the operating environment gets more difficult as I've said lots of different times, I think it provides a bigger and bigger opportunity for people to want to come into our system because they get higher market share, they can reduce cost because we have ability with our system, size, and strength to drive better distribution costs and the like. So that is one way where we can continue to grow even when there may be lesser new construction.The other that involves new construction - the other major way are some of the new brands that we've developed, that I think are, in a sense, category killers. I think Tru being the greatest example of that, where we launched a couple of years ago, we have over 100 hotels open, another 350, 400, in the pipeline. It is like a rocket ship.And the answer to the question of, why is because of what you're saying, it is competing in a category where the bulk of the product, with all respect to its comp set, our older hotels that are not relevant to today's customers' needs.And so, that to a degree, by the way, we are trying to do in a whole bunch of different segments. So I think if you look at Tempo, to a degree, there is a bit of that. We think that product is something that is very unique to the market.I think Tru, in terms of the scale of opportunity, and the cost of entry. And how it's disproportionate market share to the competition, in this environment, which is a tougher environment, provide certainly in the U.S. context the biggest opportunity.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I think, it's a bunch of things. First of all, I'd say, the way those things work is people make budgets in the fall of prior year on, how much they're going to spend in CapEx and how much hiring they're going to do.And it's not that the - and how much travel sort of has a knock-on effect that will occur. And it's not that they never change those, and it's not that travel is their biggest - in the expense category. But it is a line.But they traditionally don't change them quickly, and they certainly don't change it that typically early in the year - very early in the year. So I think to a degree, if you think about when things got budgeted right the things that you described were not resolved, right?You were in the middle of a trade war election uncertainty, global uncertainty generally, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So, I think it takes a little time to sort of work its way through. There are obviously - not to pick on the negatives there are some other uncertainties.We're in an election cycle. And the outcomes are broad. And I think there's some concern about that. And coronavirus as well, our belief is that most of you know the countries around the world, including China are being quite responsible. And it will be managed. It is a risk.And so I think it take sort of the combination of budget seasons where it was greater if things stabilize, but a few other risks. And I think it has made for sort of the business transient growth to be tepid.Now, here's thing and I want to be really clear, that I don't want to get ahead of myself, right, in the sense that, it's early in the year. And it's hard to know. But, I would say, even over the last few weeks, like as I said even over the last few weeks so as I said you here yesterday, getting my weekly update from our - at our executive committee meeting.Over the last two or three weeks, we have started to see in terms of advanced bookings, which are in business transient are all short-term. But real-time, we have finally started to see those come back to life. They were very anemic. And we've now started to see advanced booking growth come back. That's a few weeks of data.Again I don't - I want to emphasize that, but that might be a consequence, again on a lag effect people starting to settle down a bit. I think when you look at the segments for the year, Harry and others I mean, I think we still would believe as I said in my prepared comments that given where group position is and given the strength of the consumer that those will lead the charge and be above business transient. But we do think all segments it will be at a low rate, but all segments will grow. And we have a little - we're hopeful that business transient we're seeing some early signs and we are hopeful that those are sustained.
Christopher Nassetta: We would yes, modest. And then again hopeful that we're at the beginning stages a little bit more pickup. But I don't want to get ahead of myself and we'll obviously update you as the year goes on.
Christopher Nassetta: It was pretty consistent. Again different world, different time. China was an entirely different sort of marketplace. But they all coincident at the same time started to recover and they recovered reasonably rapidly.
Christopher Nassetta: I mean, I'm sure there's a market where you could find an owner that would say, we're competing - they're competing with - between Tru and Hampton. But when we look at the aggregate data and we literally look at every market because Tru is not so big that we can. I don't think we're seeing any cannibalization.The price point between them is still 15% to 20% when you look at it. When you look at the growth rate, what's happening is you have Hampton that is a very high market share. It's just at a point where it's very - you're talking about 120. And Tru is performing unbelievably well, but it's still ramping up. I mean, it only has 113 hotels. It's a very new brand. And while it's way outperforming the competition, it is not performing at that level. And so that's what's going on. There's still a good spread. We think there will continue to be a good spread.These are attracting some similar customers, but the bulk of the customers that are being attracted are as intended that those that want a little bit bigger room and are willing to pay a little bit more are back - are in Hampton and a little - pay a little bit less, a little bit smaller room and a different sort of design that sort of are headed to the Tru.So we look at it super carefully, because keeping these 18 brands in their swim lanes is a very important thing. And as I said, you're never going to be able to argue that they don't occasionally compete, because to a degree they all do around the edges, but they have to perform sort of in their main swim lane and ultimately attract demand from that mean swim lane and we're obsessive about looking at that. We think Tru and Hampton are both doing great.Hampton is still the best hotel brand in the world. I think if you look at it by market share growth in units, customer satisfaction, owner returns and satisfaction, it's still the best brand in the world. Tru is going to do incredibly well at a lower price point and I think eventually be equivalent in terms of its strength, but it's something different.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I don't think we've mentioned fourth quarter. For full year, we said it was up the biggest increase we've seen 140 basis point system might increase for the year. Fourth quarter was relatively flat to slightly up as we expected given the comparability issues and the group positioning in the various quarters throughout the year. So, no surprises there. And again, a full year share gain that's the best that I've seen in my - going on 13 years with the company.
Christopher Nassetta: Right. And we gave you guidance for what we're going to do. So I assume that we will live up to the guidance parameters.
Christopher Nassetta: December is a very small month relative to the other months and the impact of the holidays - and otherwise greatly outweighed the benefit.
Christopher Nassetta: Yeah. I mean, it's something when I - when I talked about the process briefly in my prepared comments about how we launched Tempo similar to how we launch every brand, we - our owner community is deeply involved. Like in the Tempo launch, we had an owner committee that worked with us throughout the process for - over the last year. And we're part of the launch and we're super supportive. I can't say that, that we're perfect. Occasionally, we're going to have owners that have issues with it.But back to my earlier comments about Tru - and answering the prior question about Tru and Hampton, we're always incredibly focused on trying to develop brands that we think really are a unique demand base and customer segment that they may around the edges compete, but that they have a demand base that can ultimately drive their success without cannibalizing our existing brands.And so given that, we are obsessive about that given that we involve a broad base of owners with us in the development of these brands, I am not ultimately, particularly worried about it. But we have a lot of brands at 18. We have a lot fewer than some of our competitors.And so - well, I'm not going to say I've never had a discussion with an owner that has had concerns. My honest and objective view is I have not had a lot of pushback from owners, particularly given so many of them are so deeply involved in helping us develop these brands.
Christopher Nassetta: So first - well second part is a little bit easier. No we are not seeing any cancellations related to the Olympics, in fact, pre-Olympics activity is gearing up as we speak. And we expect that to be business as usual. Of course, again if something changes in terms of the breadth and the reach of the virus that we would have to update our guidance if things were - if that - things were that bad. So that one's easy.On the second point, you're obviously correct. There are markets that have a higher concentration of Chinese inbound. We're trying to size it for usChinese inbound. We're trying to size it for us. So others that would be more concentrated in those markets might size it differently. But just to give you a little bit more context, I mean on an overall basis, our overall international inbound is about 5% and it only gets up to about 20% in key gateway cities like New York and West Coast cities.And that's all inbound not just China. So China on a relative basis while an important outbound market and one that we've been all working really hard to cultivate is not so impactful that it's going to change the answer beyond what we've said.
Christopher Nassetta: No. I mean you're right and implied to your question is the world is a big place and it's different sort of story everywhere you go. But I would say that broadly the answer is no. The biggest pressure that we've seen in terms of cost increases on input costs for development have been in the U.S., in terms of our larger markets around the world.Now importantly, those have moderated, they're still - they're not going down but they're still growing. But if you look at the last two to four years, I would say, our view was those input costs were going up in high single-digit, low double-digit. If you look at what we see right now, that's sort of a little bit above inflation. It's sort of like 3% versus 8% to 10%. So again they're going up. RevPARs aren't going up that much. All the pressure that has been implied in a bunch of questions exists, but the pace at which it's going up is less.And again having an industry leading market share across the entire brand portfolio and with each individual brand means that what is getting done is more what we - our brands are more financeable and we're getting an unfair share if you will of that development activity. But this is the market - the U.S. has been, of the big markets the most impacted by that phenomenon.
Christopher Nassetta: Thomas, I don't want to be evasive, but I led into that was saying, it's really early a couple of weeks two or three weeks of data. So no. And I can't give you a whole lot more color other than to say it's gone from like flat to wanting to - sort of flat to wanting to be negative to showing positive growth.So I can't gauge it whether it feels like one or two. It's just - it's too early. The good news is like every quarter, we'll be back, we'll report and we'll have a little bit more data to give you and have a better sense of it, because we're just getting into the business transient travel season because that works in the first part of the year January. The first part of January is sort of a wash because nobody wants to travel. So I'd love to give you more. I just don't have more. That's the most sort of color I can give at the moment.
Christopher Nassetta: Attrition has been tracking about the same. No difference over the last few years when we look at it. And in terms of delays pre-coronavirus that will obviously likely it will cause some amount of delay which is why we gave the overlay on that. Outside of that, we have not really seen it. I mean, if you look at it over the last five years have we seen things take a little longer to get done a few more months of construction and the like yes. I think the technical base is yes. But in terms of our NUG guidance over the last few years, we've sort of baked all of that into our thinking and continue to. So nothing material that we see there. No big trend on attrition. Steady as it goes.
Christopher Nassetta: First of all license fees is included in the fee guidance. So again, it's a little bit of the cost control that I was talking about earlier and nothing more than that Jared.
Christopher Nassetta: I'll answer the second first. I don't think so. We're not -- I mean first of all I've been pretty consistent in saying pre-Tempo we were working on two different brands. Tempo was one of them upscale lifestyle. I've also said we have been lightly working on luxury lifestyle. And so at some point, we will launch a luxury lifestyle brand. We're not in a rush to do it honestly.We launched three brands basically last year. We've launched one this year. I want to give them all their proper birth rate and make sure they're really working. 18 brands to the earlier commentary, we think is enough to be able to accomplish what we want to accomplish with our network effect.And so, we're going to take a little bit of a break and get the ones we've got out there working and working really well. And someday, we'll do something in luxury lifestyle and the environment we're in. It's not going to be - in any environment, it's not going to be a gargantuan brand by number of units. And in today's environment the opportunity set is less anyway. So I want our teams focused on we have launched and to get it going.As it relates to Tru, I don't think so. I mean, it took the better part of I'd say seven years in thinking and engineering to launch Tru. And the reason it took so long is, we have a lot of other things going on, but it was like, we were trying to figure out, how do you engineer a cost to build a product, a cost to operate, clean and the like OpEx and CapEx that would deliver a return based on a rate that we would get that would be 15% to 20% lower than Hampton, but still deliver Hampton like returns, which I would say is sort of an unleveraged return on total cost of 11% or 12% at stabilization because, that's where we know you can attract the owner capital to make the magic.And we spent a lot of time doing it. It's hard. The lower the price point, the harder it gets to be able to engineer it in a way where you can get those returns. And importantly, it's really hard to be able to do it sustainably. So the problem, you've got to be able to build it to the cost. You've got to be able to operate efficiently.And you got to be able to renovate it in terms of percentage of revenue that can go towards keeping it up over 20 or 30 years and deliver those returns. And the lower you go in absolute RevPAR or ADR, the harder it gets because the higher percentage you are having to reserve in order to keep these things fresh over a longer period of time. We figured it out in Tru, but it took a lot of work in engineering and its working.I believe going to a price point lower than that, it would be very hard for us or anybody if not impossible. And so, we have -- we are not in any way working on that. And never say never, but I think it's very hard to go much lower in price point and ultimately deliver a product that over a long span of time, the arc of time of 20 and 30 years, these brands that were 100 years old, these brands got to last a long time that you can maintain a brand like we have over 30-plus years with Hampton that still is a category killer because you can force - you have returns that are high enough to force the investment in over time to make sure they stay relevant. So, it's a long-winded way of saying, no. I do not see us doing that.
Christopher Nassetta: Thanks everybody for the time today. We covered a lot of territory. Obviously there's some moving parts out there particularly in APAC and with coronavirus. We got to do our best to give you some contours or guardrails to how to think about it. We hope it was helpful. Obviously, as the year plays out, we will keep up with you and give you more information. As I said in my comments, we're super excited about what we accomplished in 2019 and 2020 is off to a great start and we'll talk with you after the first quarter. Thanks again for the time.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. I think Carlo if you look at - I mean I think about it as sort of midpoint of prior guidance relative to midpoint of future. So, first of all, it's just I think better cost control. We do a pretty good job in the business of being disciplined about costs. And at its core, next year versus this year is about better cost control.And we did have some - a couple of - a few unique items that pushed 2019 up to the high end of our previously reported guidance range. And those are non-cash and non-recurring, so they're not going to repeat next year which gives us a bit of a headwind. It's not more - that much more complicated than that.
Kevin Jacobs: Smedes, I'd just add Chris alluded to this, but the difference in the sample sizes of the two in terms of just the number of comp hotels and then the percentage in each group of comp hotels that are ramping hotels, it's sort of night and day for those two brands. So just keep that in mind when you look at comp RevPAR growth.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. We're not - I'm not going to comment much on that. First, anything related to anything HCV may do or not do, you should talk to them about. As it relates to Hilton, I think it is a matter of public disclosure. When we spun the company, we were incredibly thoughtful about our contractual arrangements, which we think give us all of the things that we need to make sure that we're protecting the two things that we care about, which is our brand and our fee stream. And beyond that I'm not going to comment.
Kevin Jacobs: And Robin I'll take this repurchase one. I think while you are factually correct, and of course any incremental reauthorization would be up to our Board of Directors. But I think you should not read into anything related to timing and you should just think about our capital allocation strategy, as we've articulated it continuing to live on.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Plus day of week shifts throughout the rest of the quarter. So yes, we did say that, it was about a 90 basis point impact on the quarter.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. No, Patrick those estimates are system-wide. So that the - obviously the lion's share of the impact will be felt on the ground in China and in Asia, but those are system-wide estimates. And if you think about overall U.S.-China inbound to the U.S. on an overall system-wide basis is still quite small. It's about 20 basis points. And then China inbound on a system-wide basis outside of China is about 70 basis points. So those estimates do factor for the whole business.
