Chris Nassetta: No. I mean, I think, Shaun, good question, I mean, I think, if you look at our guidance for the full year, I believe we are at the midpoint the highest in the industry, which we think is reflective of our performance, which if you look at the last couple quarters and including second quarter numbers, we just gave you are beating the competition. So I think, we feel really good about the second half of the year. Transient business, as we discussed in Q2 is great. We see no reason why it’s not going to continue. I discussed -- I described sort of the group position in both the big hotels and the broader group of managed hotels in the back half, both third and fourth quarter being strong. So we feel good about the second half of your performance. And obviously, with our midpoint highest in the industry, we feel good about that. And obviously, our objective is try and -- it would be to try and outperform that and try and perform at the higher levels of what we’ve given you.
Chris Nassetta: Yeah. Happy to handle both. In terms of pipeline and where we are seeing the growth, I think it’s generally across the globe. We continue to have good to see great progress in all the major regions around the world. The U.S. has picked up probably as a percentage matter a little bit more than the rest of the world for us. That’s because the U.S. story right now is almost entirely a limited service story. We think we have the best limited service brands in the business that we’re getting far more than our fair share. I mean, we’re getting 20-plus percent of the deals and we’re 10% of the market. So, in terms of rooms under construction, so the U.S. has picked up a little bit more, but we talked about many times, the strategy is really with -- this great geographic distribution that we have and this great change scale distribution that we have is to really be strategic about how we deploy brands around the world, the right brands at the right time based on conditions in the market and customer demand. And so we are continuing to see broad pick up across the world and all the major regions. As I said little bit heavier percentage wise in the U.S. I think you're right and then I don't want to get into giving guidance for 2015 while I am sitting here in the middle of this year having just reported the second quarter. But I think your assumption is right, Joe, and that is to say, we’re having great success converting a pipeline into rooms under construction. We have more rooms under construction than anybody in the business and in every major region of the world, which I mentioned in my comments. Those rooms once they are under construction, obviously will highly likely to deliver. It’s very unusual once under construction that they would not deliver. So I think we still believe that last year was really the Nadir. We had a big pick up from last year this year sort of mid-4s to 6% or at the midpoint of our range in terms of net unit growth. And while I don’t have the exact number because this year is still playing out in terms of rooms we will get under construction, but it’s certainly our belief that that will continue to accelerate.
Chris Nassetta: I think if you look at the guidance for the full year which I think is as good as anything out there, we’re at a 150 basis points. We had a very strong margin growth in the first quarter because we were lapping some easier comps, but also we still had some of our ops effectiveness things rolling out. In this quarter, we were sort of on the higher end of the target of the range for the year. So by definition, we’re going to see margin growth more in line with the overall expectations for the year through the rest of the year. That’s not because anything is going wrong, it’s just that comps get harder as it relates to certain initiatives that we had going on in the hotel. So in the last couple of years, we’ve had outsized margin growth because we had some opportunities to do things quite efficiently that build a much stronger base to leverage off of in terms of our cost structure and now we're getting very healthy margin growth, I think industry-leading margin growth, but we will tamper into that this year into that 100 to 150 basis point range. So we feel very good about what's going on in the cost and the margin side as well as overall performance on the topline for the rest of the year. The big hotels have a -- will have an uptick from the second quarter in the second half of the year driven by group position, which is quite strong as I said. In the big hotels, group position in the third and fourth quarters in the high single-digits, low double-digits.
Chris Nassetta: Great question. I that your math is directionally right, we are going to end this year based on the guidance we’ve given in the low-4s. If you fast forward and make some assumptions, you’re in the zone of being 3 to 4, which is our target. Our target is to get to a range where we can be a low grade, investment grade rating. And we do believe it’s in that range. Obviously the rating agencies will have a lot to say about that, but that’s based on a lot of work that we did as part of getting our initial ratings. And once we get to that sort of level of lower grade, investment grade our belief remains that we’re not in the business of hoarding capital. We are perfectly comfortable at that level of leverage that we have a balance sheet that is bulletproof and can deal with anything that might come at it. And so we would be very much looking at that point to take our free cash flow and give it back to shareholders. And the way we would do that, I would say at first we would probably to make sure that we can appeal to yield investors to have some dividend that would likely sink up with where our competitive set is and then whatever remaining cash flow is available after that. It would be very simple we would give it back to shareholders in the way we think that they wanted back and that would either be through buybacks or dividends. And I think we would make that judgment based on what our view is at the time that shareholders are looking for. We would be looking at the owners of the company. If we have excess cash flow, we think are entitled to get that cash back to way that they wanted. And as we I think have proven, we are able to perform at the top end of the industry both from a operating point of view, but also from a unit growth point of view without the need for a lot of capital. So we don’t see that changing. We do think that once we get through the deleveraging that we will have a significant amount of free cash flow to be able to return to investors.
Chris Nassetta: I think Harry the answer would be exactly what you and most everybody on the phone would expect. I think we are getting -- I do believe we’re sort of right at the mid cycle. We have very strong real-time indications that the things that you would typically experience at this part of the cycle are occurring. You're getting back to very high occupancy levels. You have an ability because of the return of group business to really start to get more aggressive on your mix of business and because of the overall strength in the transient business and return of group business, you're able to move rates up in an absolute sense. So I think 2015 is going to be another very, very good year simply because you’ve got a lot more business coming in the funnel to manage. You are going to get -- we are going to be able to be much more aggressive on mix. We are going to be able to be more aggressive on moving rates up and all of that’s going to be good for topline and all of that should flow through the bottom line should create a higher flow through situation. So we’re sitting here as we look to the rest of the year. Of course, as I already described feeling quite good and it’s too early to give guidance, so I am not going to do that, but the setup for next year feels terrific really, really strong.
Chris Nassetta: I don't -- I mean having looked at it pretty carefully, I think the simple answer is just geography, specific geography of the brand. You can take out -- if we play around with it, take at sort of adjust for a few geographies and it’s right in mind with everybody else. And there we don’t believe there is any issue with it. I think you will see as those geographies sort of stabilize, you will see the Hilton brand back where it should be.
Chris Nassetta: Yeah, we're making good progress in the things that we've talked with you guys about in the last couple of quarters. So we broke ground or I should say our partner Blackstone broke ground at the Hilton Hawaiian Village to start our newest timeshare tower. We’re in registration. We believe it will be actually selling units by the end of the year. So we’re often running and everything is progressing as planned at the Hilton New York. Terrific progress -- the design work for the retail platform. I think we’re in good shape to get that under construction early next year and get that in process in delivering EBITDA in the year next year because it can be done relatively quickly. On the timeshare at the New York Hilton again, quite good progress. We’re in for registration at the moment and believe we will obtain that registration by year end. We haven’t talked about it but we are way down the road in the process of getting incremental entitlement at the Hilton Waikoloa Village to do incremental timeshare in one or more of the towers. We do believe that long-term maximization of that asset, given it’s a very large hotel in a market that does not have enough airlift for a very large hotel is to convert one or more towers overtime to timeshare. We had to go through an entitlement process. We’re largely done with that. The reason we have not talked much about it is because we have other inventory that we’re selling in at that market. So it’s not going to occur in terms of getting into the conversion and sale. It will not occur in the short term because it doesn’t make sense at this exact moment. But over the intermediate term, over the next couple of years, we will move forward with that and we do believe there is a very significant value arbitrage on that. And then on the Waldorf, of course the big one, there is nothing new to report. We are making really good progress as we talked about last time. We have very good understanding of what the various uses to maximize the opportunity are. We have a very good understanding of the tax structuring opportunities to make sure that whatever we’re doing is maximizing the sort of after-tax value accretion benefits to shareholders. And we are now out officially, sort of, in a process. I’m trying to find a counterparty to make this all happen. It is still our objective that as I said on the last couple of calls, we’ll be able to weigh that all out in details by the end of the year and we’re making -- we’re making good progress against that.
Chris Nassetta: I think it’s more to do with RevPAR index gains. We had gains as I said over a 100 bps for the small system. Every single brand gained share. We have a bunch of different initiatives going on, on the revenue management side that have been very helpful, particularly in the limited service space where we’ve been deploying a whole new revenue management technology base. So I do believe it as almost everything to do. I mean -- let me put it this way. If you compare our RevPAR against one of our primary competitors, we overlapped pretty much perfectly and our performance was significantly better than theirs. So I think it is not -- that in and of itself, I think suggest it has a lot more to do with market share gains and things that we’re doing versus geography. We are very much of the belief that I have been shy about saying is that we have something reasonably unique which is we have very large scale, very large geographic diversification, very significant changed scale diversification and that you have great brand strategies, you connect those dots with great commercial strategies. We believe that it is a very powerful thing in terms of driving customer loyalty because we can serve all of customers’ need, no matter what they are wherever in world -- wherever they want to be in the world and they are able to stay loyal to us. Now obviously you’ve got a good brand, you’ve got good strategies on the revenue side but the makeup of what we have properly managed, I think, really does allow us to drive great results and hopefully our job. And we plan to continue to drive increasing market share premiums. By the way, those market share premiums then are the reasons why we can drive these huge pipeline numbers and rooms under construction and net unit growth because in the end, it’s all third-party capital. We’re not buying rooms. We’re not investing any major money. It’s third-party money that’s investing with us and investing with us because they're looking at these market share premiums. I'm describing and they're making the judgment that they are going to make more money by working with us than their other options.
Chris Nassetta: Not yet. I mean, we try to give you a sense of what you know, obviously we’ve done in Curio to date and how many deals we have in motion. Curio is going to take off, I think, at a pretty good clip. Our lifestyle brand, their gestation period will be a little longer just because the -- it will be a little bit heavier proportion of new build and major renovation versus Curio which is almost immediate conversion opportunity of great independent hotels. So that will take a little bit longer. What I would -- we’re not giving guidance obviously. We talked about net unit growth. The way I think it all sort of boils down to expectations on -- what -- how many rooms are we going to deliver on an net basis into the system over time. As I said, we’ll give you in the next -- sometime before the year is out obviously a little bit more visibility in the next year when we haven't. But I do believe as I said I think to Joe’s question that last year was the natter and that net unit growth is going to continue to pick up and part of that pickup is going to be contributions from Curio in our lifestyle brand.
Chris Nassetta: I think the answer is very simple, David and good question, limited de minimis amounts of capital. We don't view those brands as any different than any of the others in the sense that we will occasionally on a strategic deal make a minor contribution most typically, almost exclusively in the form of key money. We would look at those two brands, particularly as they get started in that same way. But I think when you look at the aggregate of what that means to take de minimis amount of capital. If you look at our entire pipeline, less than 5% by number of deals have had any contribution of key money. So that means more than 95% of the number of deals that we’re doing are what we would call dry deals. There's no investment from us. We think of these two brands as sort of a similar phenomena. We believe with the strength that I described of the overall system in our commercial engines that we have a lot to offer to owners and that we should not have to deploy our balance sheet to make these things happen in any material way.
Chris Nassetta: Well, I think all of us in the business on strategic deals will look at ramp-ups on franchises and things. And so yeah we would look at those particularly as new brands in that same way. But that’s pretty typical in the business and that’s very short-lived generally. I mean, it’s not long-term discounts. It’s basically sort of as hotels are coming into the system giving -- new or conversion giving them a chance to sort of ramp up. So we would consider that in some cases. Again we view that as an investment just like key money. So if we’re going to discount fees, we look at it relative to do we need to do it as a strategic deal on all of the same things we look at when we invest key money. One way or another, that’s an investment as well. And so on occasion, we will do that. Just as everybody has and just as we’ve done with other brands.
Chris Nassetta: Sure, sure. Both good questions. On the real estate side, I believe that it came up on the last call as well. I think the way that we look at that is less to do with exactly where we are in the cycle and more to do with, just wanting to make sure whatever we do at the real estate that it’s a value creation exercise. As it relates to the bulk of our real estate given the tax attribute, the way that we would want to do any transaction is really to do in a tax efficient way. And that it would mean in the structured transaction either for all our large parts of it. And for us to do that factoring for the cost of doing it, the cost of duplicative G&A and those things, what we really would need to see is some diversions in multiple that would suggest that a bifurcation of the business in that way would create value. The reason we have not been rushing to do it is we have not seen those conditions. And so doing it now, we think would be treading water at best. Probably going underwater slightly because there are costs of doing it as they say and cost of duplicative G&A. So I think what we would be looking for has less to do with exactly where we are on the cycle, since we wouldn't really be taking these major assets and selling them out right because the friction in that would be too great. We look at more -- at any point in time, wherever we are in the cycle to relative valuations and multiple suggest that the separation of the business would -- that parts separated would be worth more than the pieces together. And at least the way, we look at it today, we just don’t see that. The APAC question is a great question and probably, we’re trying to be settled. We did probably bring the guidance down just a smidgen and had really to do with some of the things Kevin did reference relative to Thailand and Singapore being a little bit lighter. The core areas that drive our Asia-Pac business, which are Japan and China, we still feel good about that we’re going to have a great year in Japan, very high rep progress. And China, we still think we’re in the six to seven ranges is what we thought. But just because of some disruption that you’re seeing in Thailand and Singapore, being a little weaker, it is weighted the full year down a little bit to sort of mid or little bit better single-digit.
Chris Nassetta: I think, the priority starting maybe with the second and coming back to the first, both good question. I think, the priority for us in the end is to have a fully renovated reposition product on the full city block on Park Avenue that Waldorf Astoria represents. And as part of that a very high quality five Star minimum, I would say plus or minus 400 room Waldorf Astoria, that would be the flagship for the Waldorf Astoria brand. Now there are lot of different ways to look at the uses where that hotel could be bigger than that. There are many, I think that it could be smaller.  A lot of it has to do with honestly what various counterparties might want. From our point of view, if we end up with Waldorf at its size today, we can obviously, that would be very pleasing. We could have a smaller hotel and be quite satisfied with that. Getting timeshare use into it is an option. It is not necessarily a priority in terms of something that we have that done. We would love to get cash out of Waldorf. I think the more likely efficient way of maximizing the value of the Waldorf is not going to involve getting a lot of cash out. I think its going to be trying to get a great value for the Waldorf, get the capital put in by third-party. And in some way either doing it a joint venture where we continue to have an ownership, maybe a major ownership stake in the hotel or using in some way the proceeds of that to trade in the other real estate on an efficient basis. We have not gotten to the bottom of all that because we’re out in the world of counterparty, trying to figure out how third parties are going to look at it. But the reason that that is not highly likely that there is huge amount of cash to come out of it, isn’t that there is not a huge manner value, there is. I’m not going to give you, because I don’t know it yet but its worth a lot more than what the multiple time EBITDA is. It’s that we want to do that on a very tax efficient basis. And I think you as the shareholder base should want us to do that as well, because there will be a lot of friction in the Waldorf. It was acquired in I think 1949, so you going to imagine it does not have a significant amount of basis. The good news is, it has a huge amount of value and there are some very efficient ways in the world of real estate to be able to capture that value and effectively take advantage of that without ultimately having on a friction. Exactly how we’re going to do that. I'm not being quite. We don't know. We know the various options, which prototypical would sort to be either JV structure or a 1031 structure. We just have to sort of finish the process on the counterparty side to be able to judge, which direction it’s going to go.
Chris Nassetta: And I think just and it’s implied in what Kevin said, this quality of group is also taking the groups that are lower rated, lower quality groups and lower -- importantly lower spend groups that were sort of filler in a more challenging group environment and replacing them with higher quality, higher paying groups that spend more and have a lot more ancillary spend. So there is plenty of upside in sort of the transition of group going forward.
Chris Nassetta: I think the trajectory sort of what we saw in the quarter is sort of the full year trajectory, probably would have been a little bit closer to the first quarter trajectory. But for what's going on in the Middle East, we have a handful of incentive management fee contracts that are pretty lucrative there and in Middle East we’ve got a few issues as you can read going on. So it weighted it down a little bit. But we feel great about that trajectory. I mean, notably if you look at our IMF, which I think is a little bit different, 80% of our overall IMF is outside the U. S., only 20% is inside the U.S. And why does that matter? It matters because the structure of incentive management fees outside the U.S. is different. It’s a much lower rate of structure. We don't sit behind a press the owners like sort of traditional approach inside the U.S. So, you’re going to continue to see a good -- I think this year is going to be fine sort of in the mid-teams or maybe inching up a little past that. But as we get into the next couple years, both because of improvement in performance, but importantly because the majority of the pipeline is international. Majority of those have incentive management fees because there are full service and they have these incentive management fees that don’t sit behind priorities. At those continues to enter the system, you’re going to see incentive management fee growth going to the 20-plus percent range over the next couple years. So we feel good about this year trajectory, feel very good about.
Chris Nassetta: Yeah. Thomas, it’s a 1.6 million square foot building, so it really can vary quite a bit depending on how counterparty would want to break it up between residential and hotel. So the overall square footage is about 1.6 million.
Chris Nassetta: Great. Thanks, everybody. We appreciate the time here on a Friday in the middle of summer. We’ll try and find a better day, but as a new public company, Friday seemed to be the only day that we could get. We are going to do a little bit next year. Anyway, we’re very pleased as I think you could tell with both the second quarter results, but more importantly, how we feel about the second half of next year and how we feel about the broader setup going in the next year. We will look forward to catch it up with you after third quarter and I hope everybody enjoys the rest of your summer.
